Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, I think, you're looking at similar -- I think we would characterize it as not congruent but similar to Q1. I think I said in Q1 that the military would -- military still down big time, but it's operating on a somewhat lower base and that's the primary difference between the 6%. I think it was down 6.3% year-over-year in the first quarter. It's down, what, 5.4% in this quarter. That's the major player. You got some goes ins and goes outs in terms of, okay, from critical industries, one critical industry is up in the first quarter, and the stars are maybe mining in the second quarter, things like that. You got those things up and down. And then in Asia/Pacific, in the emerging markets you got, including Eastern Europe, you got some ups and downs in markets, but pretty much the same stuff. We are seeing another constant, though. A positive constant is that the effects of Snap-on value creation, I think, are working pretty well. And I think sequentially, the sales aren't much different but the profitability is higher. So that's looking pretty good. Whether we look at it sequentially or year-over-year, you can see the effects of Snap-on value creation working through, and you can see it actually, very dramatically in Europe, where the sales are down again high single-digits and the profits are up. So sort of a similar quarter for us.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I'd say it's not decelerating downwards, yes, right, like it has been for a while. It's sort of stabilizing. We're not seeing worse news. I think that's a fair statement, yes.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's very early days in that regard, so -- because the international markets are -- the vans are -- even though we kind of say the vans -- we talk about them as vans, the vans in England are slightly different than the vans in Australia, that are slightly different than the vans in U.S. So we're very early days in that. So I think you just got to stay tuned in that regard. Our van -- we're still building the marketing efforts. You can see, written on the face of the Tools Group financials, we're still spending more on marketing. For example, I think we've got, what is it, 42 Rock N' Roll vans now and that's up, and we're going to like 51 by the end of the third quarter. And we've got a new van called the techno-van [ph] . This is a -- remember that Rock N' Roll Cab Express was focused on tool storage so that it could kind of aid selling and tool storage where we have these new vans, 4 of them on the road now, which talk about diagnostics. Particularly the big-ticket diagnostics. You get on this thing, it's got flat screens all over the place. It allows the customer to kind of -- the shop owner or the technician to kind of work the thing on a big 16 by 9 screen so it's dramatic for them, and shows them all the features of the diagnostics. It's working pretty well for us. We have 4 of them now, we're going to, I think, about 10 by the end of the third quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thank you. It's a -- I think this is a -- the OI margin was a high watermark -- the EPS is the high watermark. But you kind of -- when you're moving upwards, you kind of expect to have a high watermark every year. So...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, okay, I know. But before we get overheated about the 15%, remember that I kind of said mid-teens, but for like a year. So I kind of think it's more or less a year. And I'll point out to everybody, like I do every second quarter call, that our third quarter has some seasonal issues to -- seasonal -- and I don't want to say issues, but seasonal headwinds in terms of the vacations in Europe, and the van drivers have got to take vacations some time, and they usually do it in the third quarter. So our third quarter is usually, I'm not saying -- I'm not forecasting bad news or anything. I'm just saying it's more imprecise and more capricious than other quarters. And I think if you look over history, it's usually our weaker quarter. So you kind of got to look at it over a full year basis.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't really want to get into it in that granularity. I'll just tell you that big ticket was substantially, well, bigger than the 7%. It was quite strong. But I don't want to tie myself to that wheel of explaining big ticket and small ticket in every quarter because there's a lot of variation. But I will tell you that we -- and the reason why I don't know if you recall this, but the reason why we focus on big ticket is we learned that it is an indicator of weakness of the economics in the marketplace because during the recession, we saw some really weak numbers in big ticket, people demurred or they decided not to purchase and the fact that we're seeing this makes us feel pretty good about the marketplace.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I don't know if I have that number actually, but I think you could say like between tool storage and big ticket diagnostics, my ballpark sausage math would say like a quarter, something like that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: 3-month -- well, we always see a little bit of strength at the end of the quarter. I don't know, I've been in business decades and I see this everywhere. And so you always see that kind of thing at the end of the quarter. But I'll tell you, it's what -- I wouldn't say it didn't happen like the first quarter. Remember what I said in the first quarter, I think, that I said the first quarter was dominated by the idea that things were very weak in the first couple of weeks of 2013. I think it had to do with uncertainty around sequestration and the -- what with the Social Security tax increase and the changes in the tax rates, and I think we've found that our customers were afflicted by the bad -- their perceived bad news for breakfast they were seeing every morning, and then we saw a build through the quarter. I'm not sure people thought -- kind of believe me, but I think this played out in the second quarter. Our Tools Group growth was at 3.5% or so on, or 3 and change in the first quarter, but we said it was stronger at the end, and I -- that growth carried on into the second quarter. But I wouldn't say in the second quarter, it was to the same extent as the first quarter. We didn't have some terrible time and then move on toward the end of the quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. And I'll remind you that we -- despite the fact we got 7%, we always say that we've grown at 4% to 6% organically in the Tools Group, is towards the bottom of that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I can talk about it in terms of -- I mean, let's not talk about in terms of OI or something like that. But let's say, if you look at our margin improvement, 120 basis points, right, you could say 110 of that is restructuring, sure, but there was the stock plan that cost you 50, 60 basis points. Challenger has a weaker profitability than average, that's a 10 and 40 for market. So you put those kind of negatives together, it's about 100. Between volume and RCI, you got another 110 positives. So I'd say RCI is 80, 90 basis points of positiveness.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: A lot of it was in Europe, but I would say that we had good progress in a lot of different places. Our RS&I, which is not -- is only 25% Europe, had good RCI. And Tools Group made some RCI contributions, too, if you peel their results, you'd find it. So I think we saw it everywhere but more in Europe, to a greater degree in Europe.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Okay, I mean, I -- sorry, I gave you the total corporation. The Tools Group is more like 35%, 35% and change, yes, 35% to 40%, or something like that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, it is. We're getting better at it. That's a simple point. I think our customer connection and our innovation, I think you've been to our Innovation Works, you can see where we -- we take customer observation up close to design and it's all part of Snap-on Value Creation Processes, but it didn't take -- Snap-on knew how to develop new products before, of course, and we had the idea of being in the workplace and observing it. But now we've boiled it down to repeatable and reliable processes and we get better at that. So we're getting better at documenting what we see, in other words, determining a sense of the practical, what's needed in the workplace. And then we're adding higher -- I don't want to say high tech because a lot of people have this stuff, but for us higher tech stuff like X-ray refractometers, and electron microscopes, and more use of finite element analysis, so we model in 3D printers, and that stuff. So we're sort of upgrading our engineering capability to more than it's ever been before. I'm not saying it's anything better than anybody else, but upgrading of where we had, and it's coming together for more new products. And I think I said that last year our new products, our hits that were $1 million sellers, were 6x or 7x what they were in 2006. So we're rolling out new products. And then I'll tell you what, this is an important thing because I was just on a van the other day, and I'm up here in Wisconsin, and a guy gets on the van and he says -- this is a guy who has been working for 25 years, the techs working on transmissions and I remember the guy's name, but I won't say it on the phone, is in our auto up here. And he says, jeez, I've got a huge number of ratchets, but look at these new ratchets, they're going to help me and save me a lot of time. So he bought 2 new ratchets, even though we had like 15 or 16 ratchets already. And so that's an important characteristic of our growth scenario, is that cars keep changing. And the faster we can bring out new cars guided by customer connection -- new products, new tools guided by customer connection, the better we grow, the more share we take. That was a good example of it the other day, and we're doing more of that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, France. I don't like to hear the word France, makes me -- gives me headache now these days. It wasn't so good last quarter. So France, yes, you're right. I mean, I think -- I don't want to overplay Southern Europe. I mean, Southern Europe is getting so small for us. It's getting a lesser and lesser factor, but Southern Europe was down but the core Europe, France, was down pretty -- was week this quarter. Benelux was weak. Germany was a little better, the U.K. was better, Sweden was weaker. In general, you're right. If you talk about year-over-year comparison, South got a little better, the core got a little worse, the periphery was good. So like I said, we feel good about Europe because -- about our SNA Europe business because one, we're not taking capacity down yet we're finding RCI improvements. We're finding productivity improvements so we have higher profitability on lower sales; and two, we haven't dismantled the value-creating nature of the business because anybody who has money that is in the periphery, places like Russia and Northern Africa and so on, and the Middle East, they're buying. So that's an endorsement that what's happening in Europe was still pretty strong, they're just waiting for the markets to come back.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's over 10% now. It's over -- it's just over -- it's a slice over 10%. Of course, you realize our numbers aren't that precise and so on and all these, but it's over 10%. So we're moving upwards.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, you see productivity improvements, of course. We spend in that segment to try to extend into Europe, for example. The idea, I think in my remarks, I talked about international aviation business as you know. And so if you just strip back the core business, you'll like the profitability of it. On the other hand, we have, like in the Tools Group, we have an overlay of spending to talk about penetration, but still I like the profitability of the business.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sure. Yes. I mean, I think it's -- the Challenger is a great poster child for the type acquisition we'd make, not necessarily the size, although it's not a bad -- we like that size, but it doesn't mean we wouldn't do bigger, but it's right down our wheelhouse, we think, about giving us more to sell to one of our key customer bases. So we have a series of acquisitions that we keep looking at and Challenger was, I guess, the first one we've done in a while after the, I guess, credit company. I like to say the credit company being an acquisition, given that it was $800 million or so. And yes, we have a pipeline. We continue to work on it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I'm not quite sure. Let me try to answer what I think you asked me. I see this as a mature, a mid-teens -- I think I've always said, how I've done this, I've said, look we're going to the mid-teens, the components of that will be the RS&I group up around the 20s, the Tools Group kind of around the mid-group and C&I hanging around a little bit below that, but not -- but approaching mid-teens, and I have full confidence that that's the case. I mean, C&I, we're kind of happy about the C&I quarter. The 12.6% is pretty strong if you look at historical performance of C&I, and yet it's taken all these hits from the headwinds. I mean, that's headwinds city for us. You got Europe. You've got the military. It's a tougher place to be these days but they perform pretty well. So I see them moving on up. I'm not saying next quarter or something like that, but I just think the opportunities are very clear and we're confident in those businesses.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, I think, funny, when you acquire somebody, all of a sudden when you're touring these garages, you start noticing the names on the list more, and I was just, like I said, I was on a truck the other day, and it seemed like every garage had Challenger Lifts and I know that's not the case. They're not the largest lift manufacturer. So I think, one, talking to technicians, I found that it has a -- it reinforced my idea of great reputation. That's one thing. Secondly, we have opportunities to roll that business out into international. It's not an international business now, but we have equipment selling in international markets in Europe and in particularly Asia, so we're very excited about the opportunity to take that product portfolio and spread it into those places. And it's pretty important about emerging markets because you see, emerging markets they're building new brick and mortar all the time around auto repair garages, and the first thing that gets thought of when you're putting brick-and-mortar in your automotive repair garages is the lift. So if you have a strong line up there, it gives you a leg up in selling. We like that. So we're pretty excited about it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I mean, I hope we can bring the margins up. I think we -- that's why we have Snap-on value creation. We think Snap-on value creation is safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement, imprinted on any operation makes it better. So one of the things we've always said about our, I think, have said about our acquisition strategy, is we acquire somebody coherent, so we get the synergies around sort of strategic alignment. It helps us with our customer base. But that doesn't diminish the idea that we have opportunities to make almost any operation better. We're confident of that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Okay. Let's talk about this. Europe is a little bit bifurcated. Let me kind of give you the landscape, remind you of the landscape a little bit. The franchisees, overwhelmingly in Europe, are concentrated in England because our van business mostly works where technicians own their own tools. So the places -- the place in Europe where they own their own tools is the U.K. That business has not been as affected by the downturn. It's had its weak moments but it isn't as -- it didn't have as much problems as the other businesses. And so, therefore -- having said that, though, we have worked very hard to make sure that our franchisee population stays the same. So the franchisee, we haven't seen any huge downturn in the franchisees in the U.K. And so that's maintained robust. We have some vans in places like Germany and Netherlands, but they're not really that weak -- they're not really that big. Most of the business in Europe is the direct and distributor business which we sell through SNA Europe and our other divisions, not the Tools Group division. And you remember that C&I is 33% Europe, RS&I is 25% Europe. They're way above the Tools Group. And so those businesses have been impacted. But they're broader-based and not just -- C&I is the -- the C&I business is another -- is an industry and culture and a lot of other different things. Now what we've noticed is, in Europe, that our customers we sell to distributors, our customers have not gone away. So it appears to us that the base, the customer base, is still intact. So the long and short of this is, I guess the long and short of my answer, is that we don't see any deterioration in the opportunity in Europe. We see the customer base still there. We believe the morale of our people are still pretty high because there's nothing like seeing your sales down and your profits up. You feel pretty good about it, so they feel strong. And because we believe in the opportunities going forward, it's why through all this restructuring, through all the RCIs, through all the restructuring we did in Europe, we didn't take out any capacity. That's one thing we demanded in terms of the restructuring plan. We demanded that no capacity go out. We reduced based on being able to do the same with more during this period. So I hope that answers your question.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. The U.K -- look, the Tools Group was up, I think, about the same internationally as it was in the U.S. But the U.K. might have been at the, like at the lower end of that, but still up pretty good, like 4%, 5%, something like that. So still, I think, good.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I suppose. Look, I don't actually think of it that way. I kind of think that we're thinking about -- we have, what, 31.5% or so year-to-date. So okay, I think we still like a 70 to 80 number. There's a lot of variation from quarter to quarter on these things. And I still think the 70 number -- 70 to 80 is a decent number to forecast. So if that means going up in the second half, yes [ph] .
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I do not. I think, look, everybody has a different view of this. But for me, I don't like -- I'm not a big fan of that metric. The metric we like is, and now I'll tell you why we like it, is a tool that sells $1 million in the first year. And the reason is because when you ride these vans, what you see is a new tool, the guys get on the van and get excited. And okay, they buy the new tool but then they buy a whole bunch of other stuff, too. So it drags other products with it. So for us it's a matter of not how many new products there are, but how many exciting new products or how many products make the hit parade. That's what I was talking to Gary Prestopino before, and so that's what we measure. And as I said, the number of new products last year that sold over $1 million in the first year, and we're pretty strict about this, was up 6x to 7x from 2006. So our innovation process and our customer connection process are improving. It's our life blood. Because if you think about this, we guarantee a lot of our tools for life, so how is it we have a business? And the reason is is because the guy needs, instead of 16 ratchets, he needs 18, because the cars change. That's the biggest driver in our business and that fits in with this innovation. And so, we seem to be doing better on that. So the metric I like to offer is, tools over $1 million, and that was over 50 last year.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think you would have to say some of both. We'd like to think we're taking share. It's hard -- Sarah, it's hard to assess share in this space because we're basically 65,000 SKUs. Okay, if you add 3,000 more, is that taking share? I don't know. You see what I mean? And so, I think we do believe, though, our sales are getting better in these shops, we're selling more to each individual shops, the franchisees and the individual sales. Franchisees are selling more, the individual salesmen are selling more. So we believe we're taking some share.
David S. MacGregor: A few questions for you, but before I ask my questions, I guess, the first one is just, once upon a time, 15% was kind of the target margin and I'm just wondering if at some point, we'll see a comfortable sort of talking about the next leg of your growth.
David S. MacGregor: And could you -- last quarter, you talked about sort of the 3-month pattern within the quarter. I wonder if I could get you to just address that again this quarter, how the 3-month pattern played out. Did you see strength at the end of the quarter, that was June...
David S. MacGregor: Last question, though -- if you take the industrials business out of C&I and isolate that, so excluding Europe and excluding Asia and just talking about your critical industries, you obviously had a negative comp, a big negative comp in the military business. It sounds like mining was good. If you view those as a portfolio of businesses it sounds like they were up year-over-year. Can you talk about the extent to which they were up year-over-year, and the extent to which they...
Aldo J. Pagliari: It's fairly broad-based. We have investments both in the U.S. and the international arena earmarked for the second half. It's pretty broad-based.
Aldo J. Pagliari: Sarah, this is Aldo. I think that actually we have a little bit of a headroom, I believe, in the interest rate arena. And the reason I say that is our finance receivables and contract receivables tend to be of relatively high interest rates in the market, reflective of the credit profile of the customers that we serve. And our philosophy is we finance the credit company long. And what I mean by that, if you look at our pro forma statements that are attached to the earnings release, we use the Snap-on average all in debt expense rate and that's at about 5.6% more or less at the end of June. So we don't use floating rate debt to really finance the receivable portfolio. And if today, if we had issued 10-year paper as an example, I'm guessing the rate would be about 3.6-ish, somewhere around that neighborhood. So you'd see, we still have 200 basis points of headroom before I think that our cost of funds would start to impact squeezing the spread of what we charge customers and what we pay.
Aldo J. Pagliari: Sure, it would be. I think it would be a little bit of a lag effect because in some situations that we do charge rates that are sometimes the highest rates allowed by law depending on the circumstances and the profile of the customer, and those laws change probably on a lag basis, I'm going to guess, versus the open free-market rates.
