Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Look I think this is the thing. I mean there are lots of goes-ins and goes-outs in this quarter as you can listen. But the thing is, if you look at our franchise business this is the second quarter of positivity, positive growth or returning to positive growth. And we think if you look at the sales of the van, they exceeded the numbers. Now over time, the sales of the van generally equal our numbers, but sales -- our sales of the van they're sales too. Our sales are the sales to the franchisees then they sell to end customers. The end customer sales are pretty strong this quarter and they started to approach where we want the tools business to be. So we were encouraged by that. It's one data point, but we're encouraged. And then we saw how we came out of 2018 towards the end of the year they were positive. So I think we feel good about that. More than that, when you talk to the franchisees, they're optimistic. I spent a lot of time talking to them. And I look at our product line. I think or product line is nonpareil and stronger and getting stronger every day and the franchisees agree.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Well, first of all, couple of things. MODIS is an existing product. It's not a launch. It's sold very well in the quarter. The diagnostics business -- diagnostics sells primarily to the Tools Group. The Tools Group sales of diagnostics were up year-over-year. It was a less rich mix which is one of the product mix problems associated with Tools Group margins. But MODIS and SOLUS sold very well through in diagnostics. And in terms of the Tools Group, if you signal back to the RS&I business itself there is -- the sales to the Tools Group were less than last year, but that just has to do with the inventory adjustments between the Tools Group and RS&I. I would suggest that diagnostics had a pretty robust selling period in this quarter. If you look at Repair Systems and Information, we -- usually how we described that is the Repair Systems and Information sold to independent shops is fairly positive and they're good margin drivers for RS&I which is probably the reason why you see RS&I 25.7% up 40 basis points.
Nick Pinchuk: I feel I kind of like our product line when I see it coming out. I like the momentum in this year. So from quarter-to-quarter, you can -- one of the things you find as you follow us over time, you can't really hang yourself in any one quarter in terms of products as you break it down by product, but we like our diagnostic offering. They are better than anything in the market. And it's only getting stronger and providing more options for customers, for technicians. And no one can match them. And we have enhancements coming in the next year.
Nick Pinchuk: Actually 3.5% was nice. I mean, I think if you look at over five -- C&I is one of those businesses, which tends to be more variable in terms of the -- even though it's got positive trajectory, C&I has grown -- take a look at our Industrial business, it's grown over the last five quarters like at 7% -- 7% or 8% organically. But quarter-by-quarter it's been all over the map, mid-teens and some low single digits. Because of the calendarization of those orders. That was the basis of my comments. So we thought this quarter was nice. We had great order activity. We had -- we did well in aviation and other places, but -- in general industry, but we -- it wasn't as strong as some other quarters. So, this was a little bit of a flat period for C&I, still it was a good -- if you look at the overall trajectory it was very strong.
Nick Pinchuk: The currency is going to be -- the currency flipped on us. They had 40 basis points of good news last quarter in the currency. That flipped to negative this quarter. So, part of the problem -- I usually don't mention currency, but part of the problem is that flip you can't necessarily adjust in pricing and other things that quickly, and so it was an unusual flip for us. We usually don't see it that quick. We'll see continuing pressure, but we'll learn -- we'll deal with that in terms of market pricing and so on in RCI and so on. You're going to see some pressure on material cost and that eats up some of our RCI but we have RCI against those. The margin mix I think was more or less kind of a phenomenon that is hard to forecast, but this was a particularly low point of the quarter. Fundamentally, last year you were selling -- you were pounding ZEUSs into the marketplace. Diagnostics - our highest-priced diagnostic unit great margin. This time we were pounding the -- we're pushing the non-intelligent diagnostic portion of our lineup, the MODIS and the SOLUS, so those are lower margins that was pretty much what drove that. I wouldn't expect that continue -- to continue in that kind of level going forward. So I suppose that's a long way of explaining why we thought this was a lower point.
Nick Pinchuk: Look I think we have said [indiscernible] come home that you can't really get failed from the SFC. The SFC orders are up and they were up, that's an encouraging event. And part of it as I tell you the sales of the van had been pretty good. So, I kind of feel okay about that. I think if you look at the U.S., we feel -- even though the numbers aren't quite showing it yet, we see the U.S. making progress. The thing that has bedeviled the Tools group in these is the unlooked-for effect of Brexit on the U.K. and some softness internationally, but it really has offset any kind of gain we see in the U.S. And I think the U.S. gain is somewhat muted compared to what the franchisees are saying. So, I feel okay about that. I don't think -- I think the SFC kind of did its job.
Nick Pinchuk: Regional kickoffs the -- if you look at the orders that are currently coming out of the regional kickoffs into the first quarter, they looked pretty good. So, I feel okay about that. And, of course, there're always ups and downs when you go from region-to-region-to-region and from franchisee-to-franchisee, but I think, when we look at the effect -- and what we've tried to do is bring the effect in closer to those events as we did -- as you know we did in the SFC and that seems to have worked some in the regional kickoffs as well as the SFC.
Nick Pinchuk: No, no. I wouldn't say were over-inventoried in big ticket merchandise. I would say that we're adding a lot of tools. We added 5,000 different line items for Industrial last year. So, we'll keep adding to tools. Now, you can say okay we are not getting all the sales we want. But if you look at the trajectory of our businesses, if you look at near-term maybe and get in a twist, but if you look at the trajectory of the Tools group over a five, six years, you'll see that it's more than 5%. If you look at the trajectory of C&I, it's a little bit below where we wanted to be. Look at RS&I, it is where we want it to be. So, you get those trajectories. I don't think while we're working on the quarter-to-quarter, we think we see the long-term good and we -- and adding the number of products is part of that strategy and we see it working overtime.
Nick Pinchuk: No. We're not seeing any inflections. In fact, if anything I think it's getting better. So I mean, I don't know – yeah, sure.
Nick Pinchuk: Power tools had some tariff pressure in the quarter, but its growth – it wasn't – I wouldn't call it a factor in the quarter power tools except that, power tools was one of the places that didn't grow in the quarter in the Tools Group. So power tools didn't have a particularly robust quarter. It had a pretty good quarter last quarter. So we kind of didn't read anything into that, but it didn't have particular growth. So it wasn't – if you're looking for the tariffs effect of that, I wouldn't call that a factor here. The factors are the ones I called out the flip. The – if you look at the currency around the pound and the Canadian dollar and so on where they went in the last quarter and particularly the end of the last quarter, you can see that motion. And so we just didn't – maybe we should have been better at it, but we didn't get our order quickly enough. And so that 40 to 20 basis point flip was a tough one on them and then they do spin. We want them to spin and by the way we think that's paying off when you see the sales of the van. And then, if you look at the margins, the product mix, it was a particularly weak product mix compared to the ZEUS in the last quarter. That's the way it played out. And so yes you're rightly pointing out that that was a – arithmetically that was a dominant number.
Nick Pinchuk: That's somewhat larger but the thing is part of it is, is that we – remember I said that, I wouldn't say it's like what I would call a singularity in the quarter in this quarter. But remember, when you got – when you have your intelligent diagnostics and we have more of these, I would say more complex product offerings around the new hand tools around Flex-Head ratcheting, so around the FDX, the hand tools around Flank Drive Extra and around the intelligent diagnostic you got to spend – we made a conscious decision that we had to spend more time helping our franchisees communicate the value of those sort of marketplace. So that's been growing a little bit. And we see the payoffs though. I'm telling you we think we see the payoffs. I think the – I like the sales of the van this quarter. So I feel okay about that. Now if this is as you say arithmetically dominant you pointed out arithmetically dominating is that margin shortfall? But part of it is that, but also the margins the product mix is a big thing in that and the reversal on the currency. And then of course, you have some tariffs and some materials eating up some of our RCI.
Nick Pinchuk: I would expect it would drive a richening of our mix around software which it's doing and presumably a robust diagnostic sales, but also robust hand tools sales. And hand tools were nicely -- were nice in the quarter, so I feel positive about that. It's harder to -- it's harder -- it's not as easy as the Rock 'N Roll Cab because the Rock 'N Roll Cab was very palatable. Anyway, we're pretty positive about the quarter. If -- Joe, if the U.K. and the international businesses didn't find the problems associated with Brexit this would look a lot different I think.
Nick Pinchuk: Well I don't know. No, I don't -- I think didn't IHS take down the market below $17 million ? Didn't Native take down the market below $17 million? So I think they forecasted down below $17 million. Didn't GM announce that they're closing a bunch of plants and therefore are drawing in their home. I think everybody's been kind of demuring on this market a lot of very public announcements. And I would suggest that that creates an aura. I'm not surprised at this at all. I think that creates an aura of uncertainty. I'm not saying that this is a long-term thing. I think this is a shorter-term thing. I think we're feeling pretty good about next year in terms of projects. I think eventually, it's like gas prices. When gas prices go up, everybody stops driving for a couple of weeks, so I think this is the same kind of thing. That's how I view it. Now I could be wrong about this and we could be wrong, but that's the way we see it. The OEM projects have been coming down and we see some opportunities next year. So we think the effect wears off, but I think the -- it's the concern and conservatism over what's going to happen in the future.
Nick Pinchuk: Tool storage was okay. Tool storage volumes were up. I don't think there was anything particularly special about the promotions around tool storage. So I would suggest that there were special things around promotions around diagnostics. And I don't think -- we see these things from time to time. But remember, what we did was, we had been pushing the intelligent diagnostics, the software packages, the Apollo and the ZEUS, with the data packages for, what, three quarters? And so we've been pounding nose. And there are other customers who are a little bit less software receptive and want to look at the non-intelligent diagnostics, the non-enabled products that are MODIS and SOLUS. And so it came their time and so we pushed those. And generally, when you do that, you do put promotions around it to get franchisee attention and give customers a reason to buy. And that's what happened in this situation. And the comparison to last year, which was rolling out this new product, the ZEUS, the best thing since sliced bread and it is, it's a tough comparison.
Nick Pinchuk: I don't think that's a factor. I don't think that's a factor for us. It's always something we watch Bret, but I think for a dog's age, they wanted to take more of the repair back, but they haven't really been successful in doing that. I mean this is -- what you're talking about in Chrysler, is just the latest iteration of that effort I think. We watch it carefully, but I don't think it's an impact on what I'm talking about. What I'm talking about I think is more or less that fewer projects were done in the last couple of years -- in the last year and I think that had to do with the anticipation of uncertainty associated with this and the dealership themselves. I mean AutoNation talked about restructuring, I think, the other day. And they're talking about in U.K., they talked about 40% less investment in dealerships. And so, you have all that stuff rolling through the industry. I just think these guys are getting up every day and getting bad news for breakfast and they're pulling in their horns a little bit. After a while, they start saying, wait a minute, I don't have new car sales, but I better get some parts and service sales.
David MacGregor: And you got the lower inventory turns even adjusted for the $20 million year-over-year. I guess do you feel like you're over-inventoried right now in big ticket merchandise? Or just what's the makeup of the--
David MacGregor: Okay. Just second question. You'd referenced the increase of $500,000 of provision for contract receivables. Can you -- what can you say right now about current trends and franchisee credit? And you called out franchisee health metrics. I guess what would you say as being the most bullish of the franchisee health metrics you--
David MacGregor: Are you comfortable with current trends in franchisee credit? Are you seeing any inflections there that should be--
