Nicholas Pinchuk: Yeah. Well, like, I think I – what I was trying to say in my remark is that it got better through the quarter. We started to get some of the value with the capacity expansions. We’re starting to get the early effects of those things. So you saw some of that start to balance out, but it's still there. We expected to continue to - but those capacity expansions to continue helping us going forward.  But it's kind of the same thing. When we have these capacity constraints and they were principally in hand tools and in the tools group, there were at hand tools and in and tool storage as the quarter, we see them ease a little bit, but they're not where we want them to be. They're going to be, yes. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Demand is pretty healthy on a relative basis. I mean, the thing is what these businesses what this business referred to is, these are projects, programs authored or commissioned by OEMs principally to deal with the idiosyncrasies of a changing environment or with a new vehicle. Maybe it needs a new trailer hitch adjustment because something wasn't anticipated or a different tool to take out the wiring harness or maybe to support vehicle charging stations that dealerships once because electric vehicles are coming on or maybe for a special.  And what it is, is the OEM ask us to configure the product and then distribute it to its dealerships. And, that’s been going upwards. But it is lumpy, it's big project, that's a big project that's good product. So if you get, x number of men in one quarter and you get x minus one in another quarter is a little bit of pressure on that. In this situation, the, the EQS business was down somewhat.  Well, I think low-single-digits or something like that, but it was really last year it has risen tremendously associated with the fuselage of new models that are rolling out into the markets. And so this is down somewhat versus a pretty strong position. So it just reflects kind of some lumpiness along the surface for that business and that’s created some offset to C&I. For RS&I. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yeah, sure. They were up mid-single-digits. So, this is a nice we like this kind of thing because it shows we're going to keep growing in that sort of range we expect to grow. It's been upward during the pandemic, it have been up more higher at some points. But generally mid-single-digit growth is pretty good for us. We were kind of very encouraged by that idea. You know, you got to remember though Gary, as you know very well, these things are just orange. You know, they are orders. They are not necessarily sales and those orders are spread out over six months or seven months.  So it's hard to correlate them to anything in particular, but having said that, having orders up mid-single-digits is better than a poking an eye with a sharp stick. You know, it's okay. We kind of like that. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: The thing is, is that you would think that would be logical. I would. Yeah, for sure, it bodes greater emphasis on electronics and software and other highly - high tech things like calibrations and things like that, which are the words of the day, then they are now, and then you are going to see a continuing upswing of that investment and the capability and value and revenue and profit generated by that stream.  But I'm not so sure that hand tools will be attenuated, because as we look backwards, you know we remember this industry in the 90s where the number of trouble codes, electronic trouble codes on a car were measured in dozens. Now they're measured in tens of thousands and the demand for handle tools is only going up.  So I would, I'm not so sure that hand tools will be lessened. I believe that software and electronics and diagnostics and calibration will be increased. That's what I would say. Now, by the way, the hand tools are pretty good margin. But it’s hard to predict those, because like I try to explain and explain since I was putting out with the diesel plug, gold plug sockets and the triple flex function in ratchet.  Really these are things that are observed after the cars on road and you see the struggles that the technicians are having and you would enable them. And so I would anticipate they will continue to be in demand as we go forward. We haven't seen any abatement of that demand even as we've seen a growth in the electronics and calibration business. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Actually you are looking over a year we had you know kind of a - what 6,7,5,6 cents impact for taxes year over year each quarter. Negative impact. Yeah, so we still were up 8.9% even with the $0.37 even when that $0.06 impact. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yeah, that's a complicated. Look, it's hard to predict, of course, this is like shooting darts in the dark or something. But, look, I think I think this is the situation. First of all, I want to correct just a little bit. The dealership business itself was not down. The OEM programs were down some, but they were still at a relatively historically high levels even though they backed off a little bit, year-over-year. So we haven't seen what I would call a significant pullback in the OEM programs at this point. Having said that, the OES, the UAW strike, I used to work for the auto companies themselves, and they are cash monsters, you know, they eat cash like mad and so it could happen as the strike goes on longer, you could see some diminishment in that business, in that particular business.  Now, when that would hit, I'm not so sure because, they might not cancel programs. They must just delay some or they may they may in fact cancel future programs. Not so clear how they would play out. But it is a possibility that that would happen. Regarding the dealerships themselves, I don't necessarily – I think the effect on them is unknowable because sometimes if they don't get new cars, they just turn more attention to repair and parts.  And so this is good news for us. Sometimes they pull in the back down the hatches and reduce. But generally I think they tend to look at more at repair and parts if they don't get the new cars and that's not so bad. So I see that as being the two possibilities playing out. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I guess. I don't know, I think I'm not quite sure I understood exactly the import of your question, David. But, but the thing is, the way I see it is, the capacity is getting better. Even if you have the building up, you can start putting in the machines there's a ramp up period. You don't have this worse and so you kind of get this, it starts to help you. The first the first product that comes out is the help but it's not so clear how much of a help will be.  I think, you'll still see us in a fourth quarter trying to stick handle around the capacity issues and that's part of the thing that's here. But that's stick handling will get more – less complex and therefore we should be able to take more advantage of the orders. But the timelines, the time constants associated with that are always pretty hard to predict, the dependent on your ability to wrap up, which we have a lot of faith in and it is dependent on the nature of the orders applied against those.  I would simply say that looking forward we feel like we're in a better position than looking recently backwards. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't know I had a chime in here though. In my book, I think over a hundred basis points margin improvement in every segment - I don't know, sounds gangbusters to me. Not so. And so, it sounds pretty good to me. So I think - I think it should be helped going forward, but I'm not sure where that will lay out. We anticipate like, I say we expect to improve margins all the time. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, look I think this a first of all, I would say that we haven't plumbed the complete ceiling of the first capacity expansion. By the way, just as a commercial, if you want to, if you want to behold the capacity expansion, you could look at it and I think the back page of our annual report this year. So, it's right there. Pretty, pretty sizable thing. And so we're still figuring out how to wheel that. That's how it works.  You start out and it's pretty good and then you do better, better and better. So I think we have some, some ways to go there. What I'm talking about adding is, we just added a new machine shop, just for the critical industries in that space. And so that's a particular product where we used to have to outsource them. They took longer to do and we weren't as effective in getting them out. And so we decided to do it ourselves in-house. And so we see that will match up one, we can we can be more efficient in sourcing, which is a big factor for us and two, we can be more creative and actually matching the direct demands that customers want. So that's what I meant. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, look, I think, I think this, first of all, we are very working capital intense. So, as we move upwards, you tend to use some of that cash for working capital. Although, we're in an era where we were, we used working capital to cushion ourselves against the difficulties of the pandemic. So, some of that go way out. We look hard at our dividends, which we have paid every quarter since 1939.  And I love to say at this point have never reduced it any quarter since 1939. And so, perpetuity is our guiding line on dividend. So we'll look at that again, we’ll look at that. And then, you have things like pension and you have, you have things like acquisitions, which are important to us. So, we have a landscape of acquisitions, which will constantly look at.  Like, I always say, some are big, some are small and we're not afraid to make a big one. So I kind of like having a war chest for that, especially in these tides when the when the interest rates are pretty high. And then finally we look at buying back opportunistically shares. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I'm not seeing any. I guess we see a little bit more availability. I'm not sure actionability is any better or not. I think there's been a lot of discussion of that. I think bankers – every bank that you see wants to talk about that. But I don't see much difference in that regard. You would think prices would be coming down with the maybe with interest rates rising. I don't know but - I don't see that. We see a little more availability, though. Little more availability. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think that is fair to look, I think, especially sense there's an accelerator there, Christian. I've been in a shop I am ten1years. And for most of the years technicians were growing at 1%, 1.1%, that was just this. It was really like, a metronome. 1.1%, 1.1% , 1.1% And now it's growing mid single digits. And so, this has got to come in and accelerate for us because one, they'll be more technicians and two, the new guys need to tool up.  Now, of course that tool up takes on different shapes. So, for example, they may not be buying the top of line boxes right away. They may be focused on cards, which in fact if you looked at our tool storage business in the past quarter, it was heavily guided to cards. And so, we're seeing some of that effect right now.  What they do need to tool up and one of the great things about it is, we spent, I think we're like thousands of schools around the country trying to make sure that people understand that the Snap-on brand is the most powerful brand that repair making students Snap-on customers for life. And I think we see that as they come out into the marketplace. So growing Texas music to warriors. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yeah. Look, I think the big the big cohonent this month was hand tools, just not last quarter, it was hand tools sold very well in the quarter. And so that, that was pretty strong. Diagnostics was off certainly after three good quarters and they didn't have a new installation here. And power tools was down somewhat because the stubby wasn't launched for sale until after the SFC.  So that was really a back-end phenomena given part of the great momentum in that situation. If you look at the back end, you would see power tools being a big factor in that situation because it's sold like wildfire. Like I said, the wait was worth it but we demonstrated at SFC people were crowding around it, but we weren't selling it.  We just wanted to create more pent-up demand in that situation. Tool storage was down somewhat, but that was pretty much a substitution of as I just said, of got the carts which are lower, lower value per unit than the bigger units. And they take up a little more, a little more manufacturing space. So that, that kind of thing is what was in was in tool storage. Units were pretty good, but revenues were a little lower because of the mix. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sales off the van probably follows the, you can say they pretty much follow the tools group, in terms of the numbers you saw in the tools group in general overall and the rise at the end of the quarter. I think one of the things this time, I think we saw a lot of vacations in some cases, like we always do that's why I say these quarters were squirrely. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Pretty much stock-based compensation was a lot of it and part of that is, okay, I think we're doing a little better this year than last year and just a basic year. But also, after you put several years together of good if you go back and look at our numbers, they're up, up, up, up. You know, you are talking about quite a bit of getting - point OI margins to start, it starts to work its way into the long term incent this as well. So, you're starting to see some of that play out in that situation. There are other things drifts and drafts here, but that I think for government work, that's it. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: No. I don't - I look, I think this time material wasn't a major factor. Tools group is sort of over that, you know. And so I don't think you're going to see that. I think the tools group is just on a good - what, what you eat. But by the way, all the - lot of the things you mentioned, like product mix and all that that wasn't on it. It's all every quarter there. Here's been like this, every quarter is like that.  They're always a mix of things that happen in the tools group. So we just simply try to balance them so they drive things upwards. This quarter, we got a nice dollop of good margin business. The hand tool business is pretty good. And by the way, when you take a customer connection and you solve somebody's problems, that's why I try to talk about those two things.  When you get the glow plugs out in a substantially shorter time, people want that and you get your margins for it. It might seem arcane, but that's the kind of stuff that gets you money. When you provide them a triple flex ratchet, where they can use three different things that are having problems getting around them, they will pay it for it.  And that kind of stuff works for us. So most - I think one of the things that's been driving our margins in this period and all the periods has been a relatively robust product activity. Now, one of the things that did happen, I think fairly is during the pandemic when supply change started to be a problem, we were focusing on our engineers on substitution somewhat and took away new product capacity, because the engineers, we only have so many engineers, some of them are working on trying to find components that you can actually source, so you can deliver.  But now that that's all over, we can turn the engineers on new product again. So the machine starts rolling at full speed. So we feel pretty good about this actually going forward. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I don't know. I mean, I think we'd like to see the software mix go up. I mean I think you're going to see that software is up nicely. I mean Mitchell 1 had a better, nice quarter. Mitchell 1 had a great quarter, people or the repair shop owners or managers, or whatever they and we see that building there. So we think we got that on with some great new adjustments and we got more coming.  You got the diagnostics business, which will which will I think as we move forward new offerings will drive that business. And - but undercar equipment is lower - is lower profitability, but in the context of relativism they are I don't know, I believe at all-time high in profitability for them. So when you compare year-over-year, you're getting a positive margin contribution from those guys.  So what we have here, I mean, I think the way forward is somewhat what you're talking about, the way forward for RS&I is more software, but also we believe we can raise the margins in things like the equipment business. Because we have been doing it and they're at an all-time high now and going upwards. So we see those to be the two, I guess factors in that situation.  So that's where I see. So I think pretty good things. But look, RS&I with good sales and equipment with good strong sales and equipment that what were they, 24.3% up 130 basis points, that's not shop liver. So they seem to be able to keep improving, go back and look at the results. They keep going upwards. I think that'll continue. 
