Nick Pinchuk: The industrial business is starting to get back towards that level. Industrial business had a pretty strong quarter, and showing some pretty good growth, and so we are starting to approach back to 2008, however we weren't really satisfied with the 2008 levels, we thought we had a lot of opportunity beyond that, so that's the business. The equipment business, even though we have been showing some upward growth in it, upward trends in the equipment business, we are still somewhat below the 2008 levels and of course Europe is quiet a bit below still. The European, the SNA Europe businesses are quiet a bit below that level.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I might not use the word laggard but see the business that's the furthest behind in 2008, is of course our SNA Europe business. They took quite a beating over last year. They were down substantially and they are coming back. We believed in the future of that business and we still believe, we believe we were maintaining or gaining shares, we said through the years but the volume is just still quite a bit below 2008. So I'd say that has to be the place which is the weakest position. The other play, I did mention RS&I before, there are some elements of RS&I, the new Repair Systems and Information group, Mitchell1 and Diagnostics are at 2008 levels, but SBS is down because of the consolidation of the dealers, the OEM dealers in the United States and that business is working feverishly to find offsets in adjacent markets as I said in my remarks. So if I were going to take two places which are behind, I would say Snap-on business solutions in the OEM dealership business and SNA Europe.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, the North is strong and Spain and Portugal was down. I think even the North is still below 2008 levels though, David. We are definitely seeing signs of recovery in the North but Spain and Portugal are pretty flattish. If you took Spain and Portugal out of the numbers, you'd see some pretty strong growth year-over-year but we have to remember that it's off a pretty weak base there.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think the franchisees, there's no reaction, and it pretty much didn't change their situation very much. I just pretty much said, we are focused on technicians. We have favorable responses from our customers particularly around the RS&I because in grouping equipment with that and now we've got a number of operations, which are truly focused on that particular customer vehicle shop owners and managers. It's a terrific customer base for us and the fact that we declared that you are a specific customer for us and we don't want to provide you products, we want to provide, we want to solve your problems. That has been received very well.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think the US is a great, the US dealer, the van channel, the mobile van channel is I think a shinning example of, maybe pocket is a little bit of a dismissive way to look at that, but the mobile van channel is a good place to talk about that. That business, like I said is up to 2008 levels and people talk about the restocking. We haven't seen any restocking there at all. So, in fact we like the cash position of our vans in that business. So I think we are very encouraged by the 9% to 10% growth in that channel itself. Now, the equipment, the big ticket items in there, it's kind of bifurcated. The smaller big ticket items, that is diagnostics and tool storage are starting to get back to 2008 levels, which we like. This is was we said all along and if you look at, I think we had the best quarters since 2008 in that business this quarter. If you look at the equipment, the other piece of the big ticket items, we are encouraged because that was in North America but we are still below 2008 levels, in low double-digits. Europe, though in equipments was a big strength for us. Europe has gotten back close to 2008 levels in the big ticket items and that was driven, I didn't talk about this in my remarks but by an extraordinary new product, which we launched in Europe the Prism aligner, this is an aligner, which allows you to package alignment into a smaller base, and as you probably can figure that the base, the garages in Europe are somewhat more compact, so the value of that aligner breaking on that market has given us some pretty good tractions., So we feel pretty good about that situations. So, I think those are couple of places, the other place in the industrial group, the businesses in critical industries like natural resources and aerospace are up in some pretty, I don't want to give you any numbers in this because we don't give numbers out, but they are up very strong and much, much higher than our average. We feel pretty good about that and as you know industrial is not a restocking situation. That's a direct sales model so restocking doesn't have much to do with that. Now we do have in our industrial business a smaller group, a smaller piece of the business, which we sell through distributors. You may remember this in United States it's a very small piece of the business and there could be restocking there, but that business was up over 50% in the quarter. So, we feel pretty robust about that situation, the whole idea of recognizing that when we roll the Snap-on brand out of the garage, the customers are open to that idea, they are open to that idea. So it seems to be working.
Nick Pinchuk: Certainly, its one of our strategic challenges that we said always but we believe that we have runways for growth in that group, one is the fact that we know that they are a number of customers who buy Snap-on tools for their workplace and then at home they use another brand, lets say a mid-tier brand, so we can sell Blue-Point. We launched the mid-tier brand to sell to them also, as much as we work to make customers for life, with educational institutions and we sell Snap-on brand to them. Some new technicians simply don't think they can afford Snap-on, they buy an alternate brand. So they can afford Snap-on, we sell a Blue-Point to them. So there is opportunity to grow in that mid-tier here. Secondly we go on about 800,000 technicians. In the United States there are 1.3 million. Fully enabled our vans call on about a 850,000 technicians. There are 1.3 million. The reason why we don't call on those others, 400,000 to 500,000 is because they are lower volume and our technicians drive by them because they don't want to spend time with them and that is a productivity issue, none of the technicians are vans driven, but that's a productivity issue. So productivity on the van will allow us to take our existing framework, our existing network and reach out to a big portion of that 1.3 million. Now it's not a one for one replacement but it's a real opportunity for us. That's why we are launching rapid continuous improvement in the vans. That's what we are doing this year. It's one of our big initiatives and I see those two things as ways to grow.
Nick Pinchuk: The thing is we've said that overall we would expect the target to grow in normal environment, not recessionary environment, not recovery environment, because that's all better off in that kind of situation. In a recovery, we would expect to grow faster than normal, but we'd say we'd grow 4%, 5%, 6% per year on an organic basis and then we'd expect our operating margins on an overall basis to be mid-teens and the way that lays out with the new segments is that the RS&I, I believe is at 18, 19 now, it would be over the 20 mark some place, and the Tools group and the Commercial and Industrial would start to approach the mid-teens, be slightly below the average. So that's where we see it. We feel pretty confident we can do that.
Nick Pinchuk: Our view is that we are always available. We are not a serial acquirer, but we could see ourselves acquiring properties that seem to make sense in our orb. Lots of people used to think about Snap-on and I think we thought about this as ourselves as a company that makes wrenches, sells through vans to auto mechanics and we now think of ourselves as something broader that is, a company that provides, makes work easier, productivity solutions for serious professionals, who are performing critical tasks in critical industries like aerospace and oil and gas. That's a much wider space, and any acquisition, an acquisition that would give us further presence in that broader space with customers we would be interested in doing.
Nick Pinchuk: So that's where we would invest our cash because we believe that concept is a valuable concept and we believe with Snap-on value creation we can drive profitability through that and the Snap-on brand on top of it gives us legitimacy in that space. So that would be cash well spent.
Nick Pinchuk: No, Q2 is better than Q1. In all of those categories, I think just let me, the stage is to be clear is that for diagnostics and tool storage, primarily sold through the van channel, Q2 was the best quarter we have seen since Q2 2008.
Nick Pinchuk: That was the best quarter in 2008. So we had a gangbuster this quarter in terms of big ticket items and actually if you remember we said this is exactly how we understood the business. We said that people who were in garages, they were buying wrenches and they kept buying wrenches through the downturn and that was it. It was big ticket that was off, because people thought that they charged, the uncertainty, the idea of not wanting to invest in those big ticket item took them away. Well, we are back to 2008, and lo and behold the vehicle of restoration has been the rise in the big ticket items. That's exactly what we been I think thinking about and trying to conjure in these calls for a long time and so that's really what happened. So we did have a good quarter in the first quarter, it was a good quarter, but this quarter was up double digits. Then in terms of equipment we are still not as I said we are still not back to 2008, we are still coming off the floor and that makes sense. So Gary as you think about it, diagnostics is the best. So the most expensive its like an [$8000] purchase, tool storage can be $5,000 to $10,000 but when you are talking about some of that equipment that under-car equipment it can be up $20,000, and it's much more of a capital type equipment. So therefore the whole idea of the uncertainty around the recession becomes more dampening in that area and that's what we are seeing. So we are seeing progress, but it just isn't as fast and it hasn't snapped back to before 2008 levels. In fact it went deeper than diagnostics and tool storage. The one thing I did say though was that, what we are really pleased with is the effect of that new Prism product in Europe, which really gave us some boost in equipment.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, I think that is right, I think you know, we obviously, like any company you can have a mix issue and if we have higher sales in Asia and so on, if we higher sales in Asia and so on, we can, that's is a little less profitable and the drop through is somewhat, but we still are pretty good about maintaining the number, that gross margin number, I mean we had some absorption in this period and we had some cost savings but still I feel pretty good about maintaining the gross margin. So you got to kind of remember though is that, I think everybody should remember is, you have a couple of good quarters, we are going into the third quarter. I think that the third quarter for us is highly unpredictable, more difficult to predict because we have European vacations, the franchisees tend to relax a little bit, they go to the Merlin show or something like that, whatever they do. Historically our third quarter has had more variance than other quarters. So we think of our year as 1, 2, 3 and 4 in terms of trying to model it out. I think the third quarter; it's hard to make a lot of judgments on.
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know. I can't. I think I can only tell you that we are growing faster than anybody else is saying, pretty much. We're growing pretty fast and that's been for some time. It is very difficult to do that and that's bad news I think from a modeling point of view and I suppose from an investment point of view, but its good news from an operating point of view because what it means is that market is unbounded in terms of customers and in terms of products. One of the reasons why its so difficult to say what the market share is, because how do you calculate it, because we go into a customer like a military, a tank command and we say, what you need and we're not sure. Sometimes we provide them things we never thought was part of our orb, because we put it in a kit.
Nick Pinchuk: Like a flash light or some thing or generators and things like that. We sell it, we provide it in package with Snap-on tool. So that's an example of us struggling, we try to identify that. Equally, we find customers that are added, I would say three years ago I wouldn't have said wind would have been a customer for us and now there is some customer there. So it's very difficult to define that. I can just say that, it seems to us based on the growth, we were getting good growth if you remember all the way through the first quarter of 2009 in this business. We were expanding and we took a downtick, growth faster than anybody else was talking about and we should because we are rolling a Snap-on brand out of the garage, it was a new thing. We are providing something new, capturer, share takers. Now this quarter it has started back up again. So, I believe we are taking share, I can't define it though, sorry.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, it depends on the location, I mean in Europe we are displacing people like…As I said if you are talking about tool competitors, you are talking about displacing people like in Europe, let's say you stop [Willie] or a [Good Door]. In the United States the usual suspects that come out of our major competitors would be those who would be displaced and also some specialist people who are small. There are people in United States who only make pliers or screwdrivers and so on. We would displace them and then also we wouldn't displace people, we would be sort of like the distributor for some other people that might have been selling direct before but the customers feels pretty good about a packaging with our tools. So all those phenomena is occurring.
Nick Pinchuk: I was just there. I have been back from China less than only a week. I was just there with our salesmen and meeting with some customers and we don't see a slow down now. Having said that though, Asia is 5% to 10%, of our business, and we are just bulking up there, we are adding factories and products and so on. So I would charge out, I in fact I do charge our people to grow regardless of whether the economy moves from 12% growth, to 7% growth, because we are just taking share in general. So we wouldn't necessarily see it so easily but having said that, I didn't see any evidence of slow down, to tell you the truth. Now I read the papers like everybody else and the government saying slowdown, but I didn't see it. 
