Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think, look, it certainly looks like it’s going to trend that way. And we’ll – based on what we hear from the franchisees, we see the impact of the new product in the quarter and we saw the SFC. The SFC was very enthusiastic. Now that’s a windshield survey. It’s kind of a qualitative view. But I will tell you, the – if you’ve walked around that floor and I’ve never seen it busier. And the – while the – all the product lines, we saw we had a muted results in diagnostics, which we explained everything was fairly strong. So the response of the SFC to the new product was good. Now that isn’t selling on to the end users, that’s the franchisees like the product, the power tools and the hand tools and the tool storage. Now we saw some of that come through though in the third quarter, reflecting much of that. So I feel pretty good about this.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I’ll tell you what, I’ve said for a long time that the third quarter was kind of a variable quarter and that’s particularly true in our international businesses because of the way the vacations run through that. And then they go back and actually – now we did this. You go back and look at the third quarter, there’s a lot of variations in the third quarter –extreme variations in our third quarter in the – in those international businesses and then a couple of those lined up this time in the same direction and that created this kind of variation and turbulence.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I’m not really concerned about that. I think, I have said often that the third quarter, particularly in international, isn’t a trend driver. You can’t really – particularly outside the United States, you can’t fully bank on that being a trend.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Is that what you mean? I don’t know, I don’t think so. I mean, that they’ve always been there. I mean that – we don’t see that increasing. I’m not hearing that, so I don’t really believe that to be the case. I mean, certainly, it’s been always a factor in diagnostics and tool storage, the bigger ticket items. But I don’t see anything that tells me that, "Boy, that’s a bigger number." I just spoke to a couple of franchisees a couple of days ago. And they didn’t seem to mention that they were very robust about our product line, including the diagnostic product line, yes.
Nicholas Pinchuk: That’s certainly some of it. Look, I think, there are two big factors in diagnostics really driving the reduction in this quarter. One is – the easy one to deal with is the sales, our OEM programs business, where we get essential tool programs commissioned by OEM manufacturers, and that is quite lumpy, and driven by technology, new launches and regulation of those things and that tends to go up and down. We had a particularly strong couple of quarters last year, where we got a lot of those programs coming out of the OEMs. And we’re in a period and particularly this period where there’s a few – a smaller number of those, and so that creates a comparison vacuum. And then you look at – really if you want to talk about comparison and we had, I think, maybe our first or second best diagnostics quarter ever last year, because we launched the ZEUS at the end of the quarter. And so we had a great product launch, good SFC, lots of enthusiasm. And so comparing to that, it wasn’t – I hate to talk about year-over-year comparisons, but that’s part of the thing. That’s part of what drives that. Now remember, the Tools Group still grew even though it’s diagnostics didn’t. It sold other things. And really what happened at the SFC is, we didn’t have new product and we had an edge in diagnostics. We had great new products in tool storage and hand tools and power tools and other things. And so people paid attention to those. That’s really the tail of the tape in this situation.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, we don’t really give guidance, but boy, it seems to be on the floor right now. So I kind of believe this is that, the industry keeps being robust in automotive sales in the United States in North America. So we would expect some recovery off of these as we move forward. In fact, I’m confident of that. The time constants of that, I’m not sure of, but I’m pretty confident that, that happens. These things happen from time to time. You see ebbs to flow, which is why we classified a lumpy business. We’re not actually concerned about it, but it does – if it lines up with something like diagnostics having a muted quarter, you end up getting the results you have. But I still think – I like to think that RS&I did a great job, 25.7% is the second highest OI margin ever for diagnostics.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, no, that really hasn’t changed. I mean, we had, like you said, we had an eight last year. In fact, we had a pretty good year, maybe five quarters or four quarters. It was a little bit over the range 7% to 8%. I always said that I thought it was a 5% business and it kind of came back a little bit, but it’s those specific reasons why that. It’s not like we’re ringing our hands on this at all. When you talk to franchisees, they like this – our product.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It’s hard for me to say that. I mean, we – you’re saying that we – but let me make sure you’re asking what. So fundamentally, we didn’t drive SFC orders out into next year. We kind of let them be through December and then – for government work, and then not so much into the next year. That’s we – I think we talked about that on the other call. I’m not sure how much that really contributed. So I guess, if you do the arithmetic and you say, “Okay, you compare year-over-year and as we did, you would say you did better than last year in your SFC orders. And you did better, because it was a shorter – and it was spread over fewer months, you would think you would contribute to that arithmetically, right?” And so I think that’s true. But that to me that was tremendously encouraging, because we had less – we – our guys, when they were ordering, we’re thinking of less time to be able to liquidate this kind of product. So we felt pretty good. I think that was a real positive for us.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, I think it’s probably a little smaller. I think, RA was – what we call RA, the smaller ticket items and hand tools was very strong and power tools are very strong. So the thing is, if you – how we interpret these things is we roll off the product and hand tools was very strong off the SFC. I think you felt this yourself, but power tools was also very strong and we kind of get this reinforcement. And those two are generally smaller ticket items. Although you can have a big ticket item in a power tool depending on which one it is, generally, the smaller ticket items.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It’s got to be. I mean, the thing is, their sales were – they are deliberate. The sales off the van were about the same as the U.S. sales, so they were up about the same. So if they’re selling those, those hand tools and power tools and then the number of transactions are higher, I think, that’s probably true.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think, we’re coming back. I think, the Tools Group has started to solve its problems. I mean, if you look at the U.S., everybody was focused on that like a heat-seeking missile and it grew at 2.4% in the quarter. And I think we would say not where we wanted to be, but a lot better than it’s been. So it appears to me, you would conclude that if you look at the history of the last three quarters in the Tools Group, it’s got better every quarter. The second derivative of its growth has gotten better. So I think, we’re going back towards there. The RS&I situation, we see as a positional thing, and C&I has been doing pretty well.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Storage business in the quarter – the – was about flat, down slightly. So it’s kind of flat. The SFC was good though. The SFC was stronger. So, it takes a while sometimes for that stuff to work its way through the system. So that’s kind of what we saw in the storage business.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, I didn’t. I’m suggesting – I can tell you that. two or the three struggled in a quarter. One was up. We – I think, that sort of what I was saying in the prior call. This time a couple of them lined up negatively. We always see a lot of variation in this quarter. And thankfully, it’s been mostly more – sometimes positive, sometimes negative, but this time, we had two negatives line up. So that’s what drove this kind of thing. I don’t think we see anything in this. So we’re thinking it’s just the – just third quarter.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think – look, I think, the tone of business was about – was down somewhat, because you’re getting further from the product launch of Apollo, which was the beginning of the second quarter. I think, the situation was one, comparison to itself year-over-year; and two, comparison to being in front of all these other product lines that we’re launching at its primary stage, which is the SFC. Remember, the thing is that, the diagnostics business has only a few SKU, a relatively small number of SKUs. So when you launch a new product, if it is at the SFC, it gets a lot of attention. When you launch a new hand tool, it’s one of many. We’ll launch a new power tool, it’s one of many. So those tend to reap of the SFC or the kick off. So at the SFC, I think, we had a set of compelling new product – new products associated with power tools and hand tools and they captured the attention of the people, and we just didn’t have anything new. And so in diagnostics and so that tended to be a little bit of mute. And it was comparing to last year, which was kind of a pretty strong quarter.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Look, they ranged – they really ranged from high-single digits to, in fact, some people were double digits to a couple, we would say, mid single digits or maybe edging on both single digits. It’s a pretty strong quarter. Diagnostics was not up, but everything else is pretty, pretty strong.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, power tools. We have other things like compressors and air conditioning units. We sell things like that.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, I think the answer is unfortunately a little more complicated than that in this quarter. It is driven by new product introduction. So when you introduce a new product, particularly intelligent diagnostics, which electrified everybody.
Nicholas Pinchuk: The thing is those things tend to be tough comps. But then when you compare it, like I said, in an atmosphere of the SFC, where everybody else is laying out their best – putting their best foot forward and diagnostic has already introduced two in less than a year. That’s the kind of thing you see. Now you still see sell-through in the Apollo, both the Apollo and the ZEUS did better than their predecessors. They’ve rolled out better than their predecessors, but it’s just that situation of ZEUS lapping last year’s incandescent introduction is one of our best diagnostic quarter, maybe the best diagnostic quarter ever. And the idea that they’re up against for a franchisee attention, some of these other products that simply is.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Yes, I mean, like I said, I keep talking to them and they keep saying, yes. They’re talking about two-bay shops now expanding to four, people being robust. Now if you look at the BLS data in terms of the amount of spending on car repair and the technician wages are all favorable.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, I don’t think so. I think, look, I think, ZEUS was – the reason I may regret using the word incandescent. But look, I – it was a big launch, because it’s the – everybody got excited. It was the first time we talked about intelligent diagnostics. So that was the roll out of the $100 billion database. And so that got everybody talking more. I think that’s more or less that. Both of the – both of those products have exceeded their predecessors and their predecessors were pretty successful.
Nicholas Pinchuk: So you got our guys out there pounding away at a $12,000 price point. It tends to distort the situation. Everybody gets really excited a little bit more. It’s as qualitative as that, I think, but the Apollo was just successful.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It – I can’t speak for the competition. But look, I think we make quite a bit of what we sell off those vans in America. We say like 75%, 80%. So we have a lot of U.S. competition. But don’t – when I say, we have a thin wedge relative to other people versus peers. Don’t mean, we’re completely going to hit them, but we’ve been dealing with material costs for [indiscernible]. I mean, our – we’ve been giving salary increases. For example, people are talking about labor increase. We’ve been given pretty robust salary increases for a decade to everyone and been managing it. We’ve been absorbing it, except for the people in this room. And then we’ve been – we have seen material costs. For example, we source U.S. Steel, but U.S. Steel rose, I think, 30% in the last 18 months and we’ve absorbed it. We have some of it in our P&L this time, but our margins were up 70 basis points.
Nicholas Pinchuk: So I think, you will see some of this in the future, but I think, we’ll have to deal with this. Maybe I’ll be explaining on our future call that we got zinged by some of it, but I think this is part of what we do is manage this. And one of the things we have, Bret, that’s different is, I think, we’re quite vertically integrated. So we have a lot of opportunity for RCI because of that vertical integration.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I don’t think in the independent repair shops. I think, those tend to roll pretty well. I mean, I think, over the years I’ve seen them tend to be robust. Of course, people get different views. And during the recession, they were cash rich and confident. So something can happen to puncture their balloon of confidence, but I don’t see it right now. For OEM dealerships, they can ebb and flow depending on how good and I guess, new car sales are. But one of the great thing is that, the movement towards information and data and software is moving in a direction that plays in our advantage. And we see one of the stories behind our market is that our software business keeps growing. The software content keeps growing. Software the Tools Group was up significantly because of the intelligent diagnostics products of ZEUS and Apollo and some other things. And software growth in Mitchell 1 are repair information and shop management is up again. So the RS&I software grow. So component of our margin gain is – part of it is our software business is growing and that’s contributing to margin rate.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, that’s kind of a more detail. I will say, look, over – I’ll just give you a little bit of thought. We’re up 70 basis points as reported. 30 basis points was currency and we had some bad news associated with – the volume wasn’t down. The volume was still up on an organic basis. So on an apples-to-apples basis, it’s still up. So we didn’t have any deleveraging in that. We had some material cost increases. We had some other cost increases associated with the SFC. So you’re ending up with RCI and margin mix is about equal to the 70 basis points, a little bit better than 70 basis points that you had overcome in some of that bad news.
