Nicholas Pinchuk: The short answer is no. My response to that it’s always something. And so yes, we had some tough winter and routes were attenuated in some time and I rode a number of these vans and when you stop at garage, I think I said this on the last call. Some guys say business is great, because we’re tearing up transmissions and chassis are getting bumped around and so there is lot of business here. Other people are saying, hey the business is terrible. So it’s hard to quantify it. Certainly it might have imposed some cauterization on us a little bit. But I think for our perspective, we’re not really looking at it as something that is that unusual, just something that comes up and we manage over it.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well yes, but it's hard to quantify Joe because to tell you the truth last year, if you looked at last year we had people seem to go on a sabbatical in early January, so we had a kind of back end loaded cauterization, it tends to happen from time to time from quarter-to-quarter. So there isn’t always great intelligence looking from months to months. So yes, we did see some uptick but I am not sure you can read that much into that.
Nicholas Pinchuk: What I can give you -- unfortunately from quarter to quarter, it’s hard to tie it exactly because there is a -- what we say is and you have probably heard us say this over and over is that the originations should roughly follow the growth of the tools groups big ticket items which is primarily tools storage in some of the larger diagnostics. So a matter of fact over the last several quarters and in again this quarter, big ticket grew greater that the tools group in general so you have that factor. Now in the full year we believe that comes out roughly parallel as the originations and big ticket sales roughly parallel, tools group big ticket sales and originations roughly are parallel and all work out. But from a quarter to quarter remember, we’re recognizing a sale to a franchisee. He is not necessarily selling it right away onwards, he necessarily doesn’t do the deal, so you have some disconnect in terms of cauterization as you cross over the month, so it’s very hard to tie quarterly numbers between originations in the tools group. I will tell you that it is indications that tools group big ticket sales were sold at higher rates year over year than the average tools group and that’s true in this quarter.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It seems like it. I hate to comment on Europe anymore because I am usually wrong. But the thing is look, what happened in Europe, what’s happened in Europe is we have been continually applying Snap-on value creation, improving our productivity and efficiency even in the darkest of downturns, we have said that our customers have not gone away therefore in doing this whether it’s restructuring, in closing facilities or in creating efficiencies we have not removed productive capacity. So as I said in my remarks, that started to come home with positive traction several quarters ago where SNA Europe our European hand tool business was showing improvements and profitability even as the sales were going down.  And now with the sales going upwards, it adds that, that leverage adds that because there is good leverage because we didn’t take out any productive capacity. Remember that when you talk about where is Europe and as Europe turn the corner and what’s happening in Europe, it’s still down 20% to 25% from the peak. So we’re coming, we’re literally coming off the canvas. So while we’ve had two quarters, I am still from Missouri to see where we’re going for a longer term, still it’s a positive event and it contributed nicely to C&I although it was not the only contributor to C&I.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure I’ve always said that I believe there is a lot of runway in C&I actually I am pretty bullish about the C&I business, it’s just that C&I been the repository of headwinds I think, they have military, they had the European headwinds and so on, so they’ve had some difficult bumps, but we feel confident about that business, SNA Europe, the critical industries those are great businesses.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, generally I would say if you look back over, I think I talked about Snap-on tools growing over the years like 9% and 9.2% and 10.7% and 7.6% last year and if you look over the 16 quarters that are involved in that international grew pretty well in general. This particular quarter, UK grew nicely, better than -- about may be little bit better than the average. Canada grew even more. Australia actually was down slightly, down slightly. Some of that could have been currency. The tools group, man they got hammered with currency in terms of transaction because you’ve got the Canadian dollar weakening and you got the Aussie dollar weakening versus the U.S. dollar where we make the products we’re moving into those markets and U.S. dollars we’re shipping them in, and so does transaction impact. And so that played out a little bit in the Australian volume I think. UK has been across the company, pretty strong. I think on balance, you could say international is pretty good, but color in this quarter, Australia is may be feeling the weight of the currency problem a little bit.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't have a dealer overall growth, but I'd say it’s -- if you look at our -- one of the things that I wanted to say was is that I think we said in the call that RS&I would grow without the wind down of the dealerships. And we think it'd be mid-single digits, that kind of growth, if you pull out that OEM lumpiness. If you went back to our earnings calls last year, it was growing, we had some pretty good growth in RS&I; we are saying that some of that was accelerated by some of these movements. So, we said overtime that RS&I, the margins can be moved by that and also the growth can be a little bit lumpy. We are actually pretty pleased with it because the other businesses, particularly in the independent space are growing nicely.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, we have some business in the Ukraine. We have a sales office there. But its peanuts, you know, I mean really Ukraine is not -- it’s a very-very small exposure at the Ukraine. If you talk about the Ukraine and Russia, it’s a little bit bigger, but it’s still a smaller piece of the business, maybe 1% of the total for the organization. And that business, and these numbers are down, already and these numbers are down multiple decades. We have seen -- we saw some headwind here.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. No-no-no, actually we see revenue growth in our tools business; the SNA-Europe business in Spain and Italy, Portugal, actually France even, and Germany and so on. So we see -- sort of a center of Europe, UK is pretty good. The Eastern European businesses, as you might expect, are weak. There is some growth in Turkey, for example. So that’s kind of pushing it. I will say that, sometimes I think we went so down so far in Spain and Portugal that any kind of growth, just kind of not so big but it's still positive from what we see. It’s so positive and encouraging event, yes. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, I didn’t actually say, what I said specifically was it should converge with big ticket sales in the tools group.
Nicholas Pinchuk: And so that doesn’t necessarily correlate exactly with the overall tools group number, in fact for many quarters they’ve been higher.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I don’t know. I think -- look I have said forever that I think we expect our growth to be at 4% to 6% organically and this is at the top end and we grew like I said at 9%, 9.2%, 10.7% and 7.6% in the past year, so that will be outside that. So eventually you might expect the tools group to come down to where I said, but we have some great strengths in the tools group. We are ramping up the innovation engine with customer connection and innovation so we have more new products than ever before. We have these new marketing activities which are breaking the boundaries of the van, the Rock N' Roll Cab that has 56 on the road now and they are breaking the space constraint and adding to that tools storage and we’ve raised the Techno-Vans which support the diagnostic sales to 18. A year ago, those numbers 56 and 18 were 36 and 4 and two years ago were just 18. So we are pumping more support into the tools group. So I wouldn’t want to call for a cooling on the other hand we do say over time it’s 4% to 6%. I am not saying it’s going to happen, that we’d see a reduction next quarter though, I don’t see a lapping being a factor.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I’ll just jump in here, one of the things that is going on here is, if you shipped to C&I, I think we have of course the great progress in Europe where we’ve gotten another quarter of growth and we have been pounding Snap-on value creation, so we have nice leverage rolling out of that.  But, there is also a great component of extension to critical industries where we had some big wins in aviation, those are very profitable but they’re not the military business, they change the nature of the payable of the receivables and we are not only in aviation, but we’re also extending internationally. One of the things we worried about in critical industries where we able to project and roll the Snap-on brand out of the garage into aviation and oil and gas and those things, and that’s working. And then further than that, are you able to project it internationally, well that’s really working this quarter and that’s one of the things that’s driven, that’s one of the big factor, may be the biggest factor in driving the 10.4% growth in C&I and a great component of the 200 basis points improvement.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think we’ve made it clear that, two factors I’ll say, our priorities for cash are; working capital investment and the organic business you just pointed out, some of the requirements we can have as we expand our business to different places. We see it in our working capital today; we’re growing but its eating working capital. We knew this was coming. We are looking at M&A. We view each months, we’re reviewing a list of M&A and we will act on this and we’re confident we can find targets because we keep looking at severely each month; thirdly, we keep our dividend in perpetuity and we know our investors like that dividend, like those dividends and it depends on it, and then the idea of buying back stock to offset dilution. We see that as our cash priority. And I would add on top of that though, that’s our current cash priority, but I would add on top of it, we know that as we generate cash and have capability, we will be judged on how we wheel that, we know that.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No nothing transformative. We think we can make acquisitions, we’ve seen several large acquisitions that didn’t quite work out that were sort of semi-coherent, on closer look it wasn’t. We believe we can make acquisitions that give us more to sell and more strength with the customer basis that are along our runways for growth, that is the technicians, the repair shop owners and managers, people in the critical industries are in emerging markets. And we can do that without having to transform.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Actually I think it was the fourth quarter of the prior year, but if the answer is it completely anniversaried, the answer is no, because it keeps going down but the base is smaller. So the impact on us -- it isn’t that it didn’t impact us, it did. But the base on which the reduction is operating is smaller; therefore it’s less of an irritant. It doesn’t create the screen in C&I that it did before. So the way I characterize in my script and I think this is accurate, it no longer masks some of the progress that was happening because it’s smaller. I mean basically that business is down, more than half, its way down. So it keeps coming down, and was down in the quarter couple of decades of percentages. So it was down again, but the base that it operates thus far.
Nicholas Pinchuk: If the question is, I mean I think this is the question. Is the Challenger margin -- are the Challenger margins 23%? The answer is no. And therefore for some time and for either substantially lower than that, so for some time growth in Challenger margins, [indiscernible] Challenger sales would be detrimental to the overall RS&I margin numbers. However it might help, it might raise its profitability for the corporation and so on. And by the way, we’ll be working on the Challenger margins over time with Snap-on value creation to keep improving it. But there is a big gap between the Snap-on, between the Challenger margins and the overall RS&I margins.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, yes, I guess, I mean I think is sure always is a long time even for a guy like me. And I have a lot of confidence in Snap-on value creation, so I think it can move it upwards. So I would never see the idea that never get there. But it’s certainly a long pull. Now remember though, that we lap the acquisition in the second quarter. So we acquired Challenger, I don’t know half way to two-thirds of the way through the second quarter of last year. So once we get into the third quarter, its apples-to-apples. What you’re seeing now with the drag is in apples-to-oranges comparison, that’s why we (want) [ph] it out. I mean RS&I actually had a pretty good quarter, it had 60 basis points of restructuring impact year-over-year and another multiple decade, a doll-up of Challenger impact and that occluded the relatively strong RCI achievement that it made in the 50 to 60 basis points.
Aldo Pagliari: I would say above one-day due to the timing of sales where they fall in the collection cycle. But what you are seeing there, you’re spot on. The international mix is a little bit more robust. The term structurally in the international markets tends to be longer than that in the U.S. And then behind-the-scenes you have the fact that military is a little bit less than what it had been in prior years. The government's pays quick and the governments often times even uses credit cards. So that always helped to be a sole calculation.  And then finally, if you look at emerging markets, those places that have some spot liquidity issues, places you look like at China, India, Brazil, you have a lot less cash-and-carry business, and the result, in distribution circles there you have to provide little bit more structural terms. That's normal. It goes with the terms, so as those markets mature, in our presence, and then mature, I think you will see a little bit more classic dated outstanding rather than cash-and-carry type activities. 
Aldo Pagliari: I will take that. It was fairly evenly balanced. But the originations are still more influenced by the activity in the United States. So certainly you can look at the International portfolio grew as well, but no one do buy us one way or the other. 
Aldo Pagliari: I think the same variables do characterize, you’re talking about just the receivables element in working capital is that [Multiple Speakers] are longer that’s a fact of life. The international mix of business does then impact that, emerging markets as they mature does move from a certain percent of business being as I said cash and carry and short term oriented to more traditional distributor terms. And finally the realization of the government is a little bit of a less of a player in our mix. They were one of the ones that have the most rapid payment terms usually and they do pay properly.
