Aldo Pagliari: So again I think I framed it this way is that it was solid really pretty across the board. They were up high single digits if you look at the diagnostics and repair information sector. They were up in sales to OEM dealerships mid single digits and also I think they were low single digits in sales of undercar equipment. So a pretty solid performance across the board.
Aldo Pagliari: Sure. If you look at the overall corporation, the acquisitions depressed earnings by about 50 basis points if you look at the OpCo operating margins as a percent of sales. And again that’s strictly the ratio that the acquisitions start with an OI percentage that’s lower than the average of the business units that they’ve been subsumed into. And over time we expect to be able to add some value creation tactics into those results and improve them.
Aldo Pagliari: I think each acquisition stands on its own and is unique as you know whether they’re acquisitions of recent times. There’s a small one that was software related. And our hardware related business such as undercar equipment is not going to reach the levels of the software business, but we think there’s opportunity to improve.
Aldo Pagliari: Sure. So if you look at it again, we still have the dilemma – not dilemma, it’s just that we manufacture tools in the United States and sell them internationally. So if you look at the timing of when currency changes in Canada and in United Kingdom, particularly in the United Kingdom, you have timing differences related to inventory but that’s where most of the transaction negative effect occurs.
Aldo Pagliari: Sure. We took some – I’d say still rather nominal increases in the provision within the quarter. So the provision is up specific a bit to some of the effects of the hurricanes. Now traditionally when we look back over events in the past, like Katrina and Superstorm Sandy, over time there’s no clear evidence that storms such as these result in permanent disruption to the credit business. Having said that, certainly Puerto Rico is a bit of a different animal, so we’ll look into the future and see how that develops. But to give you some dimensions, David, is that if you look at the portfolio on these areas, if you look at Texas that was affected, in Florida, a little bit of Georgia and into the Caribbean, you’re looking at probably 9.8% of the U.S. EC portfolio just to give you a dimension. And if you look within that, about 2.6% of the whole U.S. portfolio, people have asked for extensions. We have a process where people can ask – if they’re in good standing, they can ask for an extension and we certainly honor that request if they’re in a distressed situation. So that gives you a little bit of a dimension as to what is out there. As we go forward in Q4, we’ll see what the impact is on collection activity and remittances. But it’s certainly too early to tell. So we took some provisions in Q3. I think Q4 will be a little bit more telling. If you go back to Superstorm Sandy, we didn’t see the full effects of Sandy really until one or two quarters after.
Aldo Pagliari: There’s a potential. Obviously most of us I think would expect there to be rebuilding. Certainly there’s going to be auto repair if your car has been damaged and garages will have to replace equipment that’s been under water or adversely impacted and I think that’s been the tradition. Again, Puerto Rico could be a little bit longer for it to return and how it returns [indiscernible]. Our activity in Puerto Rico is we sell annually in Puerto Rico $5 million maybe.
Aldo Pagliari: The ratios are fairly similar to the working capital ratios in total for the corporation. What I did say, Liam, is that one day more or less is what impacts DSOs and it relates to the acquisitions. But the inventory turnovers are similar to our core business.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes, I think as we move forward we look at the opportunities that the inventories present. We expect there to be a return on our inventories. We’re not unwilling to invest in them if we think the returns are there. So I don’t like to get ahead of myself on a conclusion that the inventory is not required, because so far the acquisitions have been performing nicely with respect to our expectations.
Aldo Pagliari: Growth in originations, if you look at our cash flow statement you’ll see that the finance receivables were down a little over 2%, which is pretty consistent with what you see in the performance of our activity in the United States. So they were fairly similar in that regard. This time of the year we pick up some additional originations at the SFC in particular, the Snap-on Franchise Conference, where we have higher contract receivables. Again, it’s a seasonal item but it was up year-over-year which I find is a nice indicator of the franchisee willingness to invest in their business. So in particular we saw them expanding their investment in vans. In particular, some of them getting new vans which are larger than the old ones and people making upgrades. So I don’t know if I’ve gotten an answer to your question, but there were pretty similar I’d say in terms of the performance in quarter.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, I’m not going to predict the Q4 mix of sales going forward. Nick said that tool storage orders at the show were positive. If that follows through with sales of tool storage, no doubt Snap-on credit will be a beneficiary.
Aldo Pagliari: The residual values have been pretty steady. Again, there’s variation and I don’t know if the hurricane is going to cause – I’m not saying it did in Q3 but it’s going to be harder to repossess things that have been washed away. That could be. But residual values have been pretty steady, Chris. So we don’t see a lot of variation in that.
Aldo Pagliari: Richard, just a reminder – this is Aldo. First off, there is always a seasonal effect. The delinquencies tend to creep up in Q3 and Q4 as you approach the holiday season. They intend to improve a bit as people get close to tax refund dates in and around March and April. So there is that underlying seasonal trend. And as what I’m trying to point out, usually you see a creep upwards of about 20 basis points historically in the delinquency metric. This time it’s up 30. So it is up. And we are up year-over-year in terms of to a higher level of delinquency performance. I expect that to kind of continue. It’s been fairly stable looking at factoring off the seasonal trends since Q4. So again, we’re always looking at it. However, this is still pretty good business. If you look at this at a high level, remember it’s there to support sales of the Tools Group principally. 95% of what the credit company does is for the purpose. And Tools Group makes decent margins when they sell tools. And if you look at the yield on these receivables, despite the bad debt in SG&A, it’s a pretty good return to the bottom line. So we look at it but we’re pretty comfortable that it’s performing as expected.
Nick Pinchuk: That’s what you heard. Now I want to make sure that everybody who’s listening just understands. The SFC – when we talk about the SFC we talk about orders, not sales. These are orders that occur off the SFC floor. It’s a big floor that shows products. And so there are orders and those orders can be distributed over several quarters. Some of them are for the third quarter, some are for the fourth and they stretch out into the first quarter, maybe even to the second quarter of next year. So it’s spread out over a period of time. So SFC orders aren’t necessarily a direct indicator of what’s to come in any particular quarter or even in total. But that’s the characteristics of it. Our tool storage product, remember we said we were going to try to adjust the tool storage product line, make it more attractive. I think it looks attractive and the orders on the SFC floor seem to make [indiscernible].
Nick Pinchuk: I think we’re talking about mid single digits, that kind of thing. But if you remember last year was record – I said in my remarks, last year’s SFC was a record performance for orders. Now again I want to emphasize. Nobody should get overheated about orders off the SFC. They’re just indicative of things. They’re not necessarily definitive about things. But it’s better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick.
Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think partly it has to do with tension. One of the things we talked about in the second quarter was that the profitability of the Tools Group is very strong and a lot of that was driven by the introduction of new power tools, particularly our PT850. And that really had a big spike in the second quarter driving both the profitability and some of the sales to that business and I think we had some of the – one of the big factors here was just sort of a giveback for that strong power tools quarter in the second quarter. That’s the primary situation. And David, every one of our quarters if we gave you – if you wanted to focus on these things, there will always be ups and downs. And so this is just down for power tools and those power tools come out of Asia and our Murphy, North Carolina and our Kenosha factories. So that’s what [indiscernible] both in C&I.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I think this might be a little weaker but nothing to get in – but nothing really to get our attention.
Nick Pinchuk: That’s certainly right. What happened was is that the deterioration of the – if you might remember what drove the good strong margins in the second quarter was I think we cited two particularly products, the power tool, the 850 and particularly some of the new offerings sort of the long-handle flex-head ratchet which sold very well. One of the things that drives profitability in the Tools Group are the products they make themselves. You see they make tool storage and they make hand tools. And when those are weak, it tends to put a pretty strong – when those are weak in combination, it puts a pretty strong headwind on their profitability and that’s really what you were seeing in this quarter. You saw some weakness in tool storage, although it wasn’t as weak as the second quarter and you saw weakness in some of the hand tool business. Diagnostics was up because of the ZEUS, but diagnostics the margin shared between the Tools Group and RS&I, so it doesn’t accrue. And that’s what you saw. And you saw, of course, its lower volume. You have volume effects and then you do have the hurricane. So those things combined for that kind of weakness.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think every quarter is a different situation and I’ll only say that I’ve said for dogs age that the third quarter is kind of squarely and hasn’t any indication of things going forward. I think we feel pretty positive about where the business is going. Tool storage in the SFC it seems as though maybe we’ve kind of saw some of the product prompt [ph] and that’s a very good indication. We’re retooling the Rock ‘N Roll Cabs. About 50% of them will be retooled by the end of the fourth quarter. And so we see that kind of coming back in that situation. So we’re pretty positive about it, sort of hit a time for tuning and that’s what we’re doing, refurbishing the product line. That applies a little bit to hand tools. We’re going to be coming out with some new hand tools that will shake people up a little bit and get that restarted. So it all has to do with product. But I think we’re optimistic going forward.
Nick Pinchuk: It’s hard for me to say that, but I would expect – I was encouraged by the – even though the orders were down overall in SFC, I was encouraged by the tool storage results which tends to be a kind of bellwether. Hand tools can move up and hand tools and power tools can move up and down depending on how the bundles are made in the SFC and so on and how people get excited about it. And the franchisees tend to have a broad array of hand tools on their vans and so that can move up and down depending on when you install new products. So I’m pretty optimistic. I think the drag goes down. We’re recovering from the product line [indiscernible] in tool storage and we’re retooling the Rock ‘N Roll Cabs and I think we have some exciting new products like I talked about coming out.
Nick Pinchuk: It comes down to trying to expand – enable the vans with new product. New product is the first and foremost. We think we have the best product. ZEUS is the best. ZEUS is going to change everything. In other words, you heard our idea about SureTrack. For example, SureTrack allowed the guy to look at the car and say 92% of the time this was solved by changing the mass airflow sensor. That helps for the high volume. But every once in a while something comes up, it comes up on alternate Tuesdays and it takes forever to fix. Intelligent diagnostic guides them through this like no one else can and so those kind of things help. Secondly, we’re expanding the space on the vans. One of the reasons you see – in a lot of cases you can see it reflected in franchise finance is that the van drivers are buying or leasing bigger trucks, 20-foot trucks not the 16-foot trucks giving them more retail space. And we believe these kinds of things, better product, more space and then we’re working on helping them with their time so they have more time to sell, that’s what wins for us.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Asia Pacific in the overall results – the local sales, the sales into the Asia Pacific was up, particularly good quarters in China and India. They’re always mixed. So China and India were good quarters year-over-year. Indonesia was down, for example. But in the region overall, those external sales rose in the quarter. So we’re pleased with that. The sales in supplying the Tools Group principally, basically power tools coming out of the Kunshan factory were down relatively sharply and therefore that tended to overwhelm the growth and it made it down somewhat in the quarter. That’s how that works. So if you’re looking at the local activity, I think a quarter of progress. If you’re looking at it as a supplier to the divisions in the West, principally the Tools Group, it was a down quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: I think we’d say that working capital isn’t necessarily a source of cash going forward. And our overall return on assets when you adjust for the acquisitions, the [indiscernible] is up 80 basis points. So I think we feel okay about that. Now that doesn’t mean it doesn’t move.
Nick Pinchuk: Let me answer them in a reverse order. Craftsman’s been ubiquitous for a long time of course not on a van, but ubiquitous. And people have – they’ve been in fliers all over the place and every Sunday morning paper, so people are well aware of the price difference. So I don’t see the balance changing with Craftsman. It may work in some instance but those people may not be our customers to begin with. Secondly, for the other guys they’ve been expanding but I’m not hearing competition on price from our franchisees. I don’t hear that. Actually I continue to hear questions turning in on ourselves; gee, this is a great diagnostic unit. It’s better than everybody else. Gee, I’d like to have the power tool with little different features because other people might have those. This was better than – this wasn’t as good as our old power tool or not enough better than our old power tool. Those are the kinds of things I hear. For tool storage I hear, gee, the tool storage line isn’t catching our imagination. It isn’t getting technicians to come out and say, I got to have that box. By the way I think we had some of that at the SFC. So those are the kinds of things I’m hearing. Now maybe there is that. Of course you would think as Mac and Matco declare better performance they will be gaining – they will be at least growing their sales and therefore taking business that theoretically could be ours even if it’s maybe not our business to begin with. But I’m not hearing it from the rank and file.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, because look I think – Chris, it’s like at the tradeshow last year, at the – we don’t call it that. At the Franchise Conference we launched that thermal imager which was incandescent in terms of product. Everybody got excited and we sold a lot of – remember I said – I think I might have said that it adds a new version of diagnostics and it sold quite a bit. That was launched at the show. Now we didn’t launch the new ZEUS until after the show, 10 days, two weeks afterwards. So in terms of the product offering, if you just look at diagnostics for one, it wasn’t quite as compelling in the show. We had a number of reasons to do that. But what happened is the ZEUS launched in late August and sold out through September. So you did see a pop from that. And to the extent that diagnostics from the Tools Group was up in the quarter that was on the back of that late selling. And you have all kinds of things around the tool storage. Sometimes the SFC have different offerings that more or less appeal or don’t and people say, okay, I’m going to wait for later to take advantage of some of the products that inevitably comes out on a monthly basis.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think I see nothing that – I’m not saying I don’t see that but I’m saying to you this is an effect that we’re coming off the third quarter. The third quarter is a tough quarter to find any directional idea, because it can result in – you can have blips with technicians coming back from vacation. Our franchisees to the extent they’ve been doing well take longer vacation and that can create perturbations in the third quarter. So I don’t know. I think we’re positive going forward though. I think we like our product line. We like where we are. We like the reception of the franchisees. We like what they say about the market. So you would think you would see some recovery in that situation.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I wouldn’t say that going forward. We’re always reviewing situations. For example, steel costs are going upwards. We could look at pricing associated – we’ve always said we can price for visible steel. We kind of make those kinds of decisions on a regular basis, maybe monthly --
Nick Pinchuk: All of the above. Look, here’s the schedule. I think we acquired Car-O-Liner on October 31 of last year, so we’d lap that. So it would go into the base as of October 31. Sturtevant Richmont goes in, in November. So two of the four acquisitions we talk about here will have a partial effect on the fourth quarter and then disappear in January. And then BTC and Norbar were sometime last year. I think Norbar was acquired in May or something like that. So you have that kind of schedule where they cycle off. If you’re talking about how we’re going to improve them with Snap-on value creation, two things. One is of course we acquire for product primarily to give us a position with customers we weren’t accessing or to give us more to sell to either repair shop owners or managers or people in critical industries and they do that, so will gain from selling their products; Norbar to critical industries, Car-O-Liner to repair shop owners or managers and so on. But there’s another factor. Snap-on value creation authors improvement, margin improvement, doing things better everyday like we have in the operations throughout Snap-on. So you’ll see both of those working in tandem in the acquisition. It usually takes a while to get an acquisition on board integrated and then you start finding traction for those processes.
Nick Pinchuk: It’s not a production problem. But like I said, it’s a long way thing. SFC echoes through several quarters through – it’s in the third, fourth and end of the first quarter. So we have time to recover depending on what those orders are. And then remember, every month people order and it overlays on top of that, but we don’t see a production problem.
Nick Pinchuk: Almost always, but in fact not that much gets ordered immediately. They don’t walk away with tool storage, but they can. So we’re ready for that. We have models that kind of say, this is likely the distribution of these products depending on the particular product, depending on the size of it, depending on the cost. And so we model it in a fairly complex way. So we’re ready to go.
