Nick Pinchuk: It’s hard to judge, but what – it’s like this, the pound, just talking about the pound, it’s worth 40% of the profit impact and about a third of the sales impact. UK, if you think about it, the way our business is a rig, we have a number of businesses in UK, but it’s a place where technicians own their own tools. So Tools Group has a particularly strong position there. So a lot of the markets were kind of exposed in the UK, I think it might be the second or third largest market for us. If it gets better, first of all, if the current goes positive, that’s one good thing for us. And then secondly, I think, my view is, is that there hasn’t been an organized areas, an organized economy, an economic or commercial angst that equals Brexit in a long time. And so you can hear it from the marketplace that people are worried about the future, what’s going to happen commercially and therefore they focused more on the items that only have short paybacks, that gets resolved all that changes. So I think they’re – if you think about it as our second or third largest market, it comes back to normal I don’t know the time constants to which it comes back to normal, but I have to believe it’s pretty good. Pretty quick.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, well the tool storage, what you want to look at is the tool storage out of the SFC and we did see growth out of the SFC, so that’s the big events in this quarter. I’ve always say the third quarter is squarely, you can’t figure any – you can’t extrapolate any trends out of the third quarter, particularly because we had people coming back from vacations and the distributors in Europe are off for part of it, but also because we have the SFC and that creates variations in the behaviors of the franchisees, they usually wait for this and a lot of it has to do with – the success with tool storage has to do with how it came out of the SFC and it came out okay out of the SFC.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, here look, I think, actually it’s pretty simple. You’re looking for more sales. So I think that’s certainly it. So the ultimate measure is to see more sales and we did see diagnostics, this sort of – we had pretty good focus on diagnostics to the SFC, those seminars were well attended. The feedback we got, I got personally and we got generally from the people in the surveys is very good about the attendance and the roll out of the SFC to take up out of the SFC was pretty good. Now what happens is the SFC product ends up being late in the quarter, so you can’t really judge by the third, it’s a very iffy thing and it rolls into the fourth quarter and so on. So it’s hard to judge whether that particularly had an effect on sales or not, but that’s the ultimate test. We’re doing it, so sales go up, you know what I mean? We’re convinced though, that, part of this has to do with the products are getting more complex and it takes unless you’re very, very practiced at selling it, it eats up time. And I’ve been saying for a dog’s age, how much the time of a franchisee is a scarce resource, so it bumps up against our selling capacity. Actually, the motion of the market bumps up again and that’s what we’re trying to do, we’re trying to unleash that. But sales are the basis for it.
Nick Pinchuk: Pretty much. Because – look, despite this U.S. market we think is okay, the other markets are kind of afflicted.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. They were low-single-digit, we’re trying to get sales high. That’s true, I mean that’s the whole thing. This is a situation that we believe the market is there. We believe we have the products that can take that market. We see those products having some frictions in the way our business operates in terms of the way they sell. And so we have to make it more efficient, that’s why we’re spending on this. But we’re pretty confident that that’s going to work. And by the way, the franchisees tell us, I just had a franchisee tell me that he got training and then he conducted training for technicians. It’s all about telling the technicians how to wheel these products and he sold a lot of diagnostics. So we hear a lot of windshield surveys about this kind of approach working for us and the training having positive effect. But it hasn’t played out in the numbers yet because I don’t think we saw after the SFC the – we haven’t got a full results there for the SFC based on calendarization
Nick Pinchuk: No, look, I think we think our – it’s working better. We will continue to tweak it every quarter, we’ll continue to tweak it, because this kind of thing, you need to keep making it better and better, that’s the thing. But it’s not because we don’t think the current – we actually were very encouraged by the results – by the feedback we got after the SFC. But in terms of reporting, we got to see the sales and if we don’t see the sales, we’re start tweaking again and we’ll probably keep tweaking anyway, like we tweaked the Rock ‘n Roll Cab. All that time it was growing, it wasn’t static.
Nick Pinchuk: I think the right ongoing pace of corporate expense, if you look at it runs between $20 million to $23 million per quarter, so we’re under that. I hate to say the reason we’re under it, because variable compensation is down significantly, actually accounts for most of the differential. So obviously, if we start to achieve the type of sales targets and you’ve heard us talk about and operating performance, we would expect that to return to a more normal level. And so I’m not going to give you a quarter-by-quarter estimate. We still hold true to our long-term run rates, that corporate would be in the $90 million to $95 million range would be more appropriate. This year we just hit our own targets.
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, on the critical industry side it’s less speculative, it’s actually more made to order the problem that you have, I guess, you can say it here, the fact that we manage – I don’t know if it’s a happy problem or a difficult problem, hand tool volume in the Tools Group has never been higher. It’s putting a lot of demand for all the resources that we have in our manufacturing plants that are dedicated to hand tools. In addition, the projects that are very specific that are in the hands of our industrial division that serves a critical industries have a lot of hand tool content. It’s a nature of the timing of how these projects unfold, many times you’ve bid them as much as a year earlier when they’re finally awarded and get funding, sometimes it takes quarters of lag. So what you have is you’ve doubled down on demand at the same time coming out of our hand tool factories. So to answer your question, on the industrial side, it’s not speculative. You can always argue that on the tool side, while we try to control the pace of demand to some extent with our product offerings and our promotions and what we intend to offer, it is a little bit more short-term in that will live hand to mouth in the Tools Group, right, in terms of the order book. On the critical industry side, there is more of a backlog, so we know what our customers want, we have the Tools Group that actually has to supply to both, but the Industrial Group itself doesn’t have factories. The Tools Group is the key supplier to the Industrial Group.
Nick Pinchuk: No. I think I said in – you can’t cover everything in these calls. So I – the thing is it’s like this is that generally, RCI is operating pretty well, but this is a time of periodic challenge. There are a lot of things going on. For example, you have currency. You have some of these higher costs in investing in the Tools Group. Both of those are in great factor in the Tools Group. On the other end and as well, you do have some material costs floating through. Normally we don’t mention material costs, but they’re not matched with such other challenges. So RCI didn’t really offset those, so we didn’t talk about them. RCI was a counterbalance though to some of them. I mean if you look at the Tools Group, one of the things that’s kind of interesting of the Tools Group, if you look at the gross margin, the gross margin is down 20 basis points, again, 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. So at the gross margin level, you can see, if you just hone in on that, you can see the effects of RCI.
Nick Pinchuk: So we see it as a kind of strategic advantage. One of the things about it, cars are getting more complex. The way to fix them are with these very elaborate products, but the elaborate products cannot actually be effectively wielded without face to face guidance and training and coaching that our franchisees are well positioned to do. The problem is if they’re not really good at it, it’ll eat up a lot of their time. That’s why we’re so high on this training and focused on it. Take advantage of that strategic…
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. A lot of – there are a lot of ways to think about this. I mean, franchisee attrition can be a headwind. I mean, certainly to the extent you have retirement, where the people who have been in place for a long time, sometimes it’s hard to – to replace them. So certainly in one point in time if you have more turn-ins, even if you – and like this quarter, we basically had turn-ins and we didn’t lose any franchisees and we filled up those routes immediately, but there is a startup period. So that’ll set you back a little bit. But on the other hand, in many cases when you put a fresh pair of hands in, an enthusiastic fresh pair of hands that’s starting out, they are smoking and the numbers go up. So I think you kind of balance those two. I’m not sure you can say for sure, it might be a temporal situation for a short period of time, but I kind of think when we replace people it’s okay.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, new product. I mean, the thing is that we’re expanding products. So you heard, I think we both mentioned that hand tools are pretty strong in the quarter, and so you’re expanding that. And all that new product I went through in my discussion that is often backed up by factory positioning, but particularly the hand tool business, which is very highly integrated. So that’s what’s driving that a lot. And then also we invest because we turn out so many new products, we tend to invest in the ability to just to design those products and to figure out how we can prototype faster and so on, things like direct laser metal sintering and 3D and so on. And Mitchell 1, we’re expanding in Mitchell 1, we’re putting them in a bigger building because they’re so profitable and has done so well. Mitchell 1 has been – if you’ve been listening to the calls, have been every quarter doing very well and they’re a high profitability company, so we want to enable them as much as possible.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, look, I think, we – okay, I got it. I think we think the U.S. is pretty good. I think U.S. business is – if you look at the macros in the U.S. in terms of technician wages, went up 3.6% year-over-year. And the investment – the nominal investment in the car – the real investment in the car repair went up 2.5%, so – and the miles driven went up. So I think that’s pretty positive. And we kind of feel that when we do the windshield surveys out in the marketplace. So we think that’s a good business. I mean, the industrial business in the U.S. was okay for us in the quarter. It again was very good. I think when you talk to people in industrial and the bigger companies, they’re a little more muted in their views of the world, but still we think that’s okay. I think Europe, the UK and Germany were particularly more difficult. I don’t know, I think that’s all Brexit related though. Both of those are related in terms of Brexit. In Asia-Pacific, China is a kind of, I would say squirrely market these days. And it was kind of flattish this quarter, maybe down just a little bit, but you see China having a little bit more difficulties in terms of the – I suppose in psychology of commercial advancement these days. So I think you see that. I think Australia; we’ve seen Australia coming off the bubble I think commodity related and so on, the latest commodity downturn.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think, look – I think, Chris, the gross margins now okay, generally. I mean, there’s a lot of variation. Like I said, those margins has been okay and we’re investing a little bit in the business, and so I do believe we’re going to stay at that level for some time. Even if sales come back, the plan is we’re investing in that, we’re enabling the franchisees and the sales go up. As a percent of sales, they don’t – you kind of fall away and of course profitability goes up. That’s the idea. I don’t think we’re looking to – that is an ad which we’re going to keep for awhile, but we are – that’s what we think is going to work.
Nick Pinchuk: See, the thing about hand tools is it’s been up strong for several quarters. But that’s what leads to the Aldo’s comments that the demand is very, very robust because that’s been pretty steady, higher and higher. It’s going fairly well because of the expansive things like the FDX, the Flank Drive Extra, spreading out over the wrenches, get people to say, oh, I need a new set of wrenches because this is the new wrenching system and it’s much more effective. So they sign up for that. So the hand tool product line has been particularly robust and has resonated with customers and it’s been for several quarters. That’s what leads to the question of the factories.
Nick Pinchuk: And in the third quarter, the general view was more or less what happens in the orders out of the SFC. And generally, they were mostly – in fact, I think they were, all those categories we talked about were up mid – lower mid-single digits. So it came out relatively strong. I think the SFC itself was up mid-single digit.
Nick Pinchuk: Wow. I think that the intercompany sales is principally the sales of diagnostics. There’s some equipment that sells through there too. I think the diagnostics were up reasonably strong in the quarter, reasonably strong in the quarter. They get sold not exclusively, but principally to the Tools Group and they were up I think mid-single digits in a quarter, so we had that. And then, Aldo already told you that the sales by the Tools Group was positive, so that’s a nice balance. And then equipment I think was flat to down, a little bit down in the quarter for the Tools Group. And those were the primary intercompany sales. The rest of the stuff, like I said, you had actually, the way you think about RS&I is, is the sales to the OEM businesses generally tends to be a little bit low margin – little lower margin, lower SG&A. That was up about double digits I think really well. The sales to the independent repair shops with the software diagnostics were also up mid single-digit. So – and the equipment business was down a little bit driven by weakness in Europe.
Aldo Pagliari: Sure. David, actually, you and Nick have been talking about a big piece of it. Actually, if you look at the year-over-year variance, 65% of the increase is attributable to the Snap-On Tools Group. If you look at it in the quarter, 85% of the variance is related to the Snap-On Tools Group. So one thing, we think there is more opportunities to be had. The inventory is there to try to capture those opportunities as they manifest themselves. Second, what makes it – the order is taken to the SFC, we’re well above the sales that we had in terms of the quarter. So while orders don’t necessarily equals sales, we like having stronger orders coming out of the SFC and that’s why we feel pretty good that the inventory we have built as a home to go to as we roll through the future quarters.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, I think the question is more like this, is that, I don’t think, we kind of look at ourselves to make sure that we have the appropriate inventory in place, and it’s not so much a target. I wouldn’t say the target is an independent variable. What we target is the return on net operating assets because one of the situations where we keep expanding our product offerings, so that keeps adding to inventory. Our principal, primary drive is the RONA bit calculation as opposed to the inventory turn calculation.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, it’s a good question. I don’t want to give you a quarter-by-quarter guidance. To kind of indirectly answer this or I directly answered it, I guess, earlier on, we believe in what we’re doing. It doesn’t mean you meet with immediate success. One key differentiator, David, for Snap-on, as you well know, is we’re up close and personal. That’s what we’re all about. That differentiates us from the crowd. In terms of our franchisees, that means to have to be on-site delivering great expertise to help customers solve problems out of the variety of.42,000 SKUs that they represent in the backdrop, which means we have to make sure that our guys are trained to be effective in delivering that message and do it in a very narrow time constant. They only have so many minutes that they can spend. So we find there’s better ways to do it, and that’s what we’ve been embracing. We accentuated that at the SFC, and we are very pleased that we had, I think, well over 1,200 attendees at our – as an example, our diagnostic training session, which tends to be a complicated product. So we believe the franchisees recognize the importance of ongoing training for themselves and when they have assistance, their teams, and we’re going to continue to reinforce that and we’re not going to abandon our approach to differentiate Snap-on on that basis. So I hope we get the returns very quickly. I can’t guarantee that and we’ll continue to invest in that channel though to make sure that they are par excellence as opposed to the competition.
Aldo Pagliari: Actually, I’ll answer that, Curtis. Actually, it’s a little bit more similar than you realize. If you look back in Q3, there was a lot of share option exercise that occurred in the quarter. So if you look at the net share repurchase, it actually is very similar. It was $58 million this year versus $59.9 million last year. So actually similar in that regard. Having said that, we look at share opportunities in terms of repurchase effort, we look at where the stocks at relative to the market, what is the backdrop, how much volatility is in the marketplace and things of that nature. So it’s hard to say with exactitude what one’s going to buy in any quarter, but it was an opportunity to buy in the quarter and we did. And if you look on a trailing 12-month basis, we’ve been on pace to buy a little over 2% of the outstanding shares of the company. So it’s something that we look at each and every quarter and talk to the Board about what we should devote to this activity and we have authorization to be flexible. So at this point in time we’re in pretty good shape.
Aldo Pagliari: Sure. Hand tools is and has been the biggest category for the Snap-on Tools Group. And again, it’s had a very robust year. By design to some extent, I mean, because we’ve introduced a lot of new products in that area. We’ve put together a lot of nice promotional packages in that area. It’s resonated with the franchisees and seems to be resonating in the uptake of their customer base. So again hand tools has not dissipated whatsoever even with the advent of more complexity in cars. Next important product lines, typically is the tool storage and diagnostics. Tool storage tends to be right up there. And this quarter diagnostics was actually better. Diagnostics did quite well off the Tools Group. And again, you’ve been hearing us talk a little bit about emphasis. So any quarter, Scott, you get variation depending on what the team is emphasizing. In this particular quarter, diagnostics was a little bit more accentuated; training that we’ve talked about already and things of that nature. And power tools is more an issue of timing. Power tools was not as big in the quarter for sales to the Tools Group, but the order book for power tools looks pretty good. And Nick talked that like – some of the new product features on the half-inch impact and we expect that’s going to have pretty good fourth quarter even though we don’t give guidance kind of in the future quarters. So that’s kind of the lay of the land.
Aldo Pagliari: Our hand tools was up mid-single digits and diagnostics is up strong, even stronger than that. Power tools as I said, it was down for them in the quarter and tool storage was more reflective of timing down a bit, but again, the order book for tool storage looked pretty good at the show. So again, orders don’t necessarily equal sales, but a nice order book coming out of the SFC related to tool storage.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes. Previous quarter, Scott, it was $0.08 of bad news. This quarter it got a little better at $0.06 and I expect that trend is kind of what I’d look at in Q4. Again, currencies never stay where they’re at. But if they do, it’ll be slightly less headwind than the bottom line and Q4 currencies stay where they’re at the end of the quarter here.
Christopher Glynn: Yes, good morning. Thanks. Wondering where you might be seeing macro impacts of the well known economic slowdown there – out there. I know many of your markets sync to their own tune to a little bit of a degree, but you are diversified. So wondering where you’re seeing some of those impacts.
Christopher Glynn: The slower macro there, with the caveat that I know some of your access to markets operate a little independently of short-term macro fluctuations. Just wondering…
Christopher Glynn: As it’s been sort of a flattish or below target for some times as just addressed, I’m wondering if that your – there’s maybe a structural reset in the margins we should anticipate as you kind of create a cost structure to see the next succession of higher organic compounding, and maybe the channel investment you’re putting in now is maybe a step in that direction. Just curious wanted to float that concept by you.
