Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, I think we can. I mean, I think we've done it. We did it We did it in the pandemic era coming out of the pandemic when confidence was kind of still in the tools. If you look at the first four quarters after the pandemic, it was mostly on shorter payback items. So we can make a good business out of that. We made it at the tail end of the financial recession as well. So we think that's the capability. We are simply - as you might say, what we saw coming out of the FFC, everybody was sort of business as usual, pumped up and they were ordering to a general mix of product. And then on late October and November, things started to look a little different to our franchisees, and they wanted to make a pivot because they had been through this rodeo before, and so they wanted to redirect. That's what we're doing. We think we have great things in hand tools and in diagnostics and in tool storage carts and maybe some of the lower lines of tool storage boxes themselves like at the classic series. So we're going to focus on that. That doesn't mean we're going to abandon the bigger ticket items, things like maybe Triton and so on in diagnostics or - which we believe is very strong but - or our boxes. But we're going to shift our focus. And it's important to talk about the capacity, Luke, because remember, we were already kind of bumping up the capacity, and we're fighting to expand it. And so what you want to do in this situation is try to use that expanded capacity in a redirected manner. So we actually have the volumes in the places we think are selling now. So we feel pretty good about that. Our product lineup is good. We've got a good - as I said, product leads the way. We've got a great array of hand tools coming forward. We got new tool boxes, diagnostics, power tools, all those things are going to work for us, we believe. So the way forward is, one, continue to drive the products, make sure we can actually deliver them. And then thirdly, as always, to try to help the franchisees in selling giving them more time to sell - and maybe sometimes it might take a little longer in this situation. So that's why we're deploying our field guys to get out there and provide a little bit more energy and time to the actual selling process. So we think it's a reasonable pivot. This is - again, it's not our first rodeo. It's not the Tools Group's first rodeo. So we think, okay, things have changed a little bit. We know how to respond.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, yes, you probably see less credit use in that situation. I mean, the originations were – I think Al was set down 1% in the United States in the quarter. So I mean, I think you see that kind of thing. And if you go back and you look at our numbers, say, coming out of COVID, let's say, quarter three and four of 2020 and first second quarter of 2021, you'll see that kind of phenomenon. So that could be the case. Now this is early days for this. Our people sense it. Well, the good thing about this is our people sensed it right away. And so sensing it, they changed their words that put a little strain on a factory because when you change the orders, it makes the capacity shrink a little bit. So you have those kinds of things. So I believe you may see a little pivoting away from that. Now I think this is right in tune with everything. I do believe, I've said it many times that there is a bifurcation economy that there's a financial economy, the kinds of people that I said in my talk that my remarks that we're talking about the recession is coming and recession is coming and the people are saying we're going to have a soft landing now. But the people at the grass level have a different view of the world. And if you look at the Wall Street Journal, the front page say and the paper position, there's an article saying just this. Actually, I met a bunch of franchisees, and I met a huge number of people in the factories and in garages in places like Conway and Louisville and a little bit in Tennessee and Milwaukee. So and they all kind of say the same thing. They got jobs. They got the cash coming in. But every day they get up and get bad news for breakfast. And you start to wonder about what's going to happen. So it's not that things are bad today, but people worry about how things are going to happen and what's going to happen in the future. And I think all of us looking at the events might say that's true.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Actually, yes, I'd offer that - what you're seeing a phenomenon as you're seeing, as Aldo said, some adjustment there. And if you look at – if you actually look at careful look at C&I, you see they actually had a pop quarter to their traditional customers. But what happens in the power tools business is our new CT9038 came out 18 volt, it sold great, then this happened. And that kept selling, but the bigger ticket items in power tools, like the 18 volts just dropped off and people tended to want the 144 volt. Our supply chains are a little longer for that. We couldn't supply all of that. So you have that kind of situation. But if you look at the Tools Group level, power tools are not down, especially an outstanding amount. It's mostly between the Tools Group and C&I.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No. Pricing, we generally have - except in inflationary, exceptional inflationary times, which we've all been through more or less recently is we get 30 to 40 basis points of pricing, something like that. Most of our advancement basically comes from RCI and new product, which gets its margins. We get our margins for new products. We don't plan changing that approach. We're not really going to make a major adjustment in pricing going forward. This is more about shorter payback versus longer payback. It's the - think of it this way. It's just take a simple thing as a tool storage unit. Okay, you can buy a big epic and boy, they are great. People love them. They bring people up and show them their box, and they say, this is my dream, but that's not a quick payback. That's a longer payback. You got to work a long time and get efficiency from the size of that and the features in that to get a payback. But if you get yourself a cart, you can move from your workplace out into the shop, particularly in some of these independent chefs out into the shop yard or all over the shop. And that gives you immediate savings in time just there. And so that's the kind of thing I'm talking about is that shift to the idea. Is this thing going to pay for me right away, pay me back right away? Wrenches do that, particularly like the synergy I talked about here, which is a leap forward in terms of reliability and access and swing arc and make the jobs easier and able to beat the flat rate faster. So those are the kinds of things we're betting on. We've seen it work before. So I think the good thing about this is Tools Group saw it started to move on.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Actually, it's about $113 million. It's $113 million in the year. That's up $5 million to $6 million year-over-year.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, it wasn't a lot of good - being down 5.7% is not a lot of good news to go around. The big kahuna moving downwards was diagnostics. They saw it diagnostics, and we have several ranges of diagnostics and the latest introduced was the soles - it's the low end of - I don't want to say low end, it's the lowest priced version of our product. And that pay in the quarter, not as well as we might have hoped in our situations. But what kind of went down was ZEUS, the top of the line and the next one down to Triton. And ZEUS had been introduced last year in the fourth quarter, so those comparisons around. But the biggest kahuna down was that. And then after that, I think actually Tool storage is up slightly, but all because of cards, pretty much because of carts and shop and tech were down. So, hand tools were down some. But if you looked at it, the thing that - one of the things that drove the margins, I think the important point out of that, Scott, what drove the margin improvement in the Tools Group despite the lower volume was that the stuff they make, the carts at Algona, the tool storage items and the hand tools were a bigger portion of their sales than in prior year - in the prior year. And so that that welded a much greater mix because from hands and what the tools group sells for hand tools and tool storage, they get both distribution and manufacturer margins for things like diagnostics and power tools and shopping tech stuff, they only get the distribution margin. So, there's a pretty big difference between those. So, you can get some pretty good news or bad news depending on how that mix works.
Nicholas Pinchuk: You would say it this way. I mean there's - we like to think, Scott, that we could find quicker payback items than everything. Hand tools clearly mostly often, I should say often, our quick payback. The technicians can see quick payback. Certain versions of tool storage, as I've said, the carts in particular, which tend to be substantially cheaper and more efficacious because they're kind of an option to add on to a big box. And then or somebody can't afford a lot and wants to just get a Snap-On tool storage in some way at an affordable level. And then the lower end of that product, the classic series, which we're working on having in terms of in terms of programs coming up, which we've got scheduled for February and March. And so that would be the case. Diagnostics, it all tends to be bigger ticket items. So, there are - there is the sales at the lower end, and we have some - bring out a new diagnostic at some point during the year, which creates interest. But the lower ticket items is just at the bottom end of diagnostics. And then power tools can have I don't want to say big ticket items, but the 18 volts are a little more expensive. 14-volt is a lot more affordable and you tend to have a very focused application for where the 18-volt tends to be broader applications to bring that power to any place whereas the 18 - the 14-volt tend to be saying, I got this problem in this particular chassis area of the car I see, so I'm going to use that 14-volt. So, that tends to be quick payback as well. Those are the kinds of things you see.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't think so. I mean I think everybody says the business is good. I mean, I don't know. First of all, I have two amps to that. One is the metrics. If you look at the BOL data, that all seems positive. I mean, the miles driven are up in that. It's a long way thing. But the spending on - household spending on repair up 4% year-over-year. That's a pretty good number. The number of tech up 4.5%. I used to be 1%. They're growing at 4.5%. The technician wage is up 7%. So those kinds of things good things and the car park, of course, keeps growing, and so they keep pumping it in. And the auto industry, while this doesn't make a difference too much is starting to come back, and they're still rolling out those new technologies. So all that seems to be from a quantitative point of view seems to be positive. Now the Bureau labor data can trail, so I don't know, and people have questions about that. But then, when you go out in the windshield survey and you talk to not only the people our franchisees who are out there every day, but to talk to the general people who work, they think cash is rolling for them. They're not going to say they're cash rich, but they are. And so I think things look good right now. And I don't expect this to change.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, we don't give guidance. But I think I said like four times in my remarks, they weren't at standard.
Nicholas Pinchuk: That's a complicated question because of the situation, you know? I mean, I guess, I don't know. I think this way, though, I'm pretty sure we're doing better because we had in the queue some ability to adjust for shorter payback items in those areas. That's pretty much the way I can answer it. Now what I will tell you is - David, this is an operating guys song is that when you're thinking that you're going to have - you're going to have promotions rolling out of your factories and all of a sudden, your customers come up and, say, never mind, we want to go over here. This tends to create a lot of, shall I say, inefficiencies. And so you have to adjust to that. So I don't think we got the full result the capacities we had hoped the capacity expansions we had hoped to get in the fourth quarter because of those changes, they just optimize what you've added. And so that's part of - that's a factor in all of this. Yes, the backlog for - some of the backlog for tool storage was down. So we liquidated some of that, but we still have backlog in those areas. So it's a complicated answer, I think. You might have some of that. But on the other hand, we couldn't fulfill it as much. We couldn't have liquidated as much as we would have had we had full - had been able to roll in the way we had planned to roll in our production plans coming out of the SFC.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I sort of know what it was, and it was better than that in the quarter and for the year, generally is better. This all tends to come out in the wash though - in the long run. But in the fourth quarter, the trucks were not down. We're substantially. They were still down, but not anything like the Tools Group.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Sure. I mean so you would say maybe the - you don't know, but they've kind of liquidated some things. So part of it is delivery - if you pick a particular product and you say a shift to that product, we do have inventory, but the point is sometimes you don't have that product and you have to make changes in the factory, sometimes we couldn't even deliver what they wanted.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think we usually comment on the kickoffs usually in the first quarter call. But in general, and we tried to shift the kickoff at the last moment for - we took a different approach to kickoffs this time. We saw this problem. We try to concentrate on shorter payback items that seemed to go reasonably okay with those items. And then we established a little more program in February and March, thinking that if we kind of stretch the kickoffs into other months, then we would be able to have better adjustments to the current situation. So that's sort of what we did in the kickoff. I was at one in Las Vegas and turn yes, they usually send me the Deadwood, South North Dakota. This time, I got to go to Las Vegas. And we had the Canadian guys there. That seemed to go okay. They seem to be positive. The franchisees don't seem to be daunted by this. They just report what they see. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't know. I don't like to - I never like to talk about share. I never talked about share when our numbers were booming upwards, and I don't talk about it now. You could think that, but I don't think so. I think, look, we got - we have - I don't think - I think we're covering the universe with the 3,400-or-so franchisees that we have - so you could argue that some locations might be seeing competition where they haven't. But there are a few locations, David, that don't have any competition. So what does happen sometimes is tough, okay, somebody one or two or three. One of the other competitors will put somebody in place. But that guy, our guy in that territory has already been dealing with people and the other guy has its own competition and it might create more business. But I never hear the franchisees saying that. Why you logically might think that would be the case, and we think about it all the time, and I ask the question all the time, but they almost never say that. In fact, never.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, that's pretty held the same, pretty much the same in the quarter. So franchisees, just in the quarter, we saw more - I think we saw more longer than the Tool guys leave in the quarter, an interesting phenomenon. But that was - that's just a sort of anecdotal view of it. I don't not sure that could make some difference, but I don't think we worry about that in particular in terms of the day-to-day dynamics of the competition. 
Aldo Pagliari: So in some ways, there's another buffer stock in between the tools maintained its own levels of inventory. So you're right, simply the Tools Group had less need to buy as much in power tools and diagnostics in the quarter. It doesn't mean necessarily that that flows onto one through the demand because you have inventories in between, both inventories at demand itself and the inventories in the hands of the Tools Group. But you have lower sales from C&I and from RS&I to the Tools Group, reflects actually pretty much power tools and diagnostic related products.
Aldo Pagliari: So we had lower spending in the quarter on legal expenses in particular. We had a favorable settlement on a matter. So it was able to reduce our expenditures in the quarter. But the run rate for corporate expenses is running in a typical fashion.
Aldo Pagliari: You see the receivables, the originations were down, and that was more than offset by contract receivables. And similar to the results of the Tools Group, EC originations in the United States were down more than what we saw internationally. It was actually up in terms of EC originations. So that kind of gives you some of the blend.
Aldo Pagliari: Actually, I was pleased to say, I know you're asking, David, actually, in the quarter, there's less than what would be the typical mix of what we call transfers, RA transfers where they transfer items from the revolving accounts over to EC. There's actually less of an effect of that. But for the full year, it's very consistent with where we expect it to be. So there's been no signs of franchisees using the credit company to finance their operations by moving things from their revolving accounts across I think that's what you're after.
Aldo Pagliari: If you think about what we said, people are lacking confidence to some degree for big-ticket items. I don't think the way hold is to discount the interest rate you're going to charge those to provoke a sale. So we're not into the - discounting isn't usually our style. It doesn't mean we might not come up with creative promotions and bundling and things like that. But I don't think discounting is the way.
