Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. But what happens is, is that the base shrinks. I think I said in the fourth quarter -- we don't have the greatest visibility. We know that the military isn't the most robust of businesses. Whether we have visibility or not, it's kind of -- you read any paper or anything like that, you see both sequestration causing uncertainty around the Department of Defense, and you see the fact that troops are coming home. The difference there is, David, is that -- and I think I did say this in the fourth -- in the last conference call, the fourth quarter is our biggest quarter, the first quarter is our next highest, and then it reduces as we go to the second and third quarter. And then the second and third quarter last year, as the world progressed, we were already seeing some sort of contraction. So contractions are liable to be big. In fact, they were a little bit bigger in the first quarter than it was on a percentage basis than the fourth quarter, but the base is smaller. So we would expect the impact to somewhat reduce -- attenuate I would say.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Correct. And I've sized this for people. People have asked how big it is, and the -- well, we don't give guidance by segments. Or what we've said is, is that the -- it's part of the industrial business, the critical industries, which is roughly, give or take, $400 million, a little bit over $400 million business. And we've identified 5, 6 segments in that business, the critical segments in that business, and this is one of the bigger ones. So you can kind of chop them up into 5 or 6 pieces and say okay, this is one of the bigger ones, and calendarize it like I said, fourth biggest; first, next biggest; and then second and third. That kind of gives you some directional guidance, and that's what I see coming on. We don't have the greatest visibility. And any -- much of our business is in terms of backlog. So...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Oh, I don't know if I'm -- I don’t know if I want to necessarily speak about that on a call or in this kind of situation. I'd just offer that -- if you look at our…
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Credit [indiscernible] and you look at our operating business, we had quite a bit of powder available. So I think that's sufficient to say that. I think those questions, David, always depend on the particular opportunity that's there. It's kind of a happenstance. One of the things -- we have capability in-house who knows how to acquire, because we have people who have experience in this. We have -- I know we have a great integration team available. We are reviewing an ongoing list of possibilities, and we know we have ammo. So I think we would adjust to any kind of situation. So I wouldn't want to pen myself in, in that regard.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't want to speak like that, but I would -- it's hard for me to characterize, but let me try it this way. You and I have talked, spoken many times about this, and I think I've said on every conference call that we have had over the last -- I don't know, more than 2 years, when the Tools Group is rolling double-digits, I have cautioned everyone that I don't think that continues. I think we hold to our 4% to 6%, but then there's the question of how fast is the deceleration. Right? I think. And I think everybody recognized that it probably can't grow at double-digits forever, and so how does that transition occur? And that was the $64,000 question. And I think, given -- I would just talk -- and this is speculation and so on, but I would say if we didn't see the lingering effects of Sandy, which we know is a factor, because we know Middle Atlantic was down and there were other places in the regions that were down, but if we didn't see that and if we didn't see what I would consider -- I can't document this, but what seemed to be a pause associated with -- it might have been the payroll tax, it might have been other things around -- it was kind of like a boundary layer when we went over '12 to '13. I think, we would have seen a more cushioned deceleration, let's say. If that helps.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: More expectable, would have been more expectable. I think people had certain expectations around those things, and I think this would have been a decelerated quarter. But it would have been more cushions, less abrupt.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, the U.S. -- international was below the -- I mean, international was above the U.S., because the U.S. is where we saw the impact of Sandy and the -- but the international business was also decelerated somewhat as well. So I mean, they were -- but generally, the U.S. was down more than -- decelerated faster than international.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I don't want to say that I expected that. I mean, I don't -- I never knew how we would go into that. I'd simply say that I think we have an event. We had some boundary layer conditions at the end of last year and certainly the beginning of -- mostly the beginning of this year that tended to what I want to say steepen or heighten the deceleration. And I still think 3.7% isn’t chopped liver, I would offer. And so we are not -- if I look at the 4% to 6% myself, I would say look, we always said we'd grow at 4% to 6% over time. We said 3.7% is reasonably inside -- a standard deviation of that, so it’s the kind of variation you'd see around those numbers. So I'm not so surprised about the 3.7%. I'm simply offering that in this particular period, if we didn't have the boundary layer, we probably would have seen somewhat softened -- a softer change.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. Mitchell one -- let me just parse between these 2 things. I mean, make my comment about Mitchell 1. Mitchell 1 has been actually part of our -- been a good success story for some time, and it expanded that success in the first quarter. And that is not related to the essential diagnostics. Essential diagnostics is with OEM dealerships. This is fundamentally with independent dealerships, and they just seem to be growing their position with independent dealerships. They're getting better at what they do, and the dealerships are recognizing it and they're embracing it more. Now when you talk about the minority interest there's a special wrinkle -- that I might want Aldo to comment...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, I'd say both. I think we did change the product. I want to say 6, 7 months ago, we changed to ProDemand. We changed to ProDemand, which was an upgrade, kind of a new model, if you will, of repair information. A lot better navigation, same great database that's wider than anybody else and terrific, but also better navigation. People really have appreciated that. And so that's one. Two, is our marketing has been better. We've driven customer connection into Mitchell 1 pretty effectively. So they're out constantly. They've got a pretty robust process, looking at the field and getting feedback saying, how can we improve? So they've kind of got this ongoing improvement activity that's actually, I think, pretty good for a software business, that's overlaying on top of the sort of upgrades and the software. They're actually improving it based on what the customers are telling them, and we never had that before. So we're doing better at that. And then thirdly, we're expanding a little bit our reach into heavy duty and other places. So we've got a couple of other non-automotive segments in there. So all 3 of those things are in a cocktail, and it's been doing pretty well. And when it came together this quarter with the sort of diagnostic information products, the repair shop owners and managers that went up and we paired it with a pretty robust quarter for -- we've been kind of carrying the OEM dealerships for several quarters. You might remember, last year's numbers were like 0.5, 2.9, 2.7 in RS&I. Now we're up pretty well because we've got -- we're hitting on more like oil cylinders. We're still carrying 25% of European business with that business. And one of the things that happened was that SBS, the parts catalog business, got out from under the consolidation of the dealerships. That was an ongoing tail. We were even receiving some of the impact last year. That stopped now. So that's back to some upward movement.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, we started to see it, I think -- I wanted to see -- we started to see it sort of in the middle of the second quarter, third quarter last year, like mostly the third quarter, we started to see it roll. Third quarter was weak, but it was a smaller base. It makes -- I don't think it made scrutiny in the third quarter even though it wasn't good for us.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Third quarter, I'd say, too. I'd say. But the fourth quarter, clearly the big anniversary. So -- yes, that's right. That's right.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, it increased some, but not -- I would -- arithmetically, it's a greater increase in the second quarter as a percent of a smaller base than the fourth quarter, but I would tend to say that's within the range of government work. You know what I mean? In the range of a variation that you might see on this kind of thing. So I guess it's pretty much the same decline.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, I don't think so. I think generally, we tend to get seasonality around first -- at different quarters. We don’t have great seasonality in sales. But sometimes, you'll get OI seasonality because of -- as you open up a year, you'd be spending on kick-off type things. So you get out, you have distributors, you have people you meet, you have new programs, and you tend to roll them out at the first of the year. So often time, that's an overhang on these -- of those types of quarters. I'm not saying it happens every year, but it happened in many years at C&I, because I used to run C&I. So we think what happened in the C&I is this. You've got what? Is it 130 basis points up? And I'd say, what, 40 basis points is due to lower restructuring. And then I think you can put down the rest to RCI. And the reason there is, is because when you've got a division that's having difficulty on sales, like SNA Europe or -- you tend to be -- put your nose to the grindstone at this stuff, even though it's a way of life. Every place in the corporation, they tend to push hard. You tend to spend restructuring money, and we're seeing that come to fruition. And so we really think that the quarter we see in C&I is -- really reflects to a large degree, the improvement in productivity that we're seeing around, because there is spending associated with this ongoing, associated with the first quarter. So I don't think there was anything special last time.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I'm not sure. Let me just say -- let me just try to answer your question this way. Look, this is a relatively complex landscape as you know. As I know you know our company, and it is complex. So it's hard to say with definitive -- make a definitive statement on any particular quarter, no matter what you see. But the thing is, is that you -- we have said that if the sales were flat, just flat, we could keep raising operating margins through the effect of our Snap-on value creation. We're confident of that. And this quarter, what we saw on the 120 basis points of improvement was 10 points of restructuring, favorability; 20 points of mix, because RS&I was up and C&I was down, so there were more different profitabilities; and then the rest you can roll up to RCI, which is associated with that. So you can expect us to try to -- not in any one particular quarter, you might not be able to see it. But over time, you'll see an overlay, and you can look back and see it. You can look back and see it. So we have operating improvement every quarter. I think -- I hope that answers your question.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: [indiscernible] how much. I hate to pin myself down on operating leverage. I mean, associated with volume? Yes, I don't like to say it -- I don't like to give you any particular number about that, but you can be sure that if we get -- as we get higher volume, we do get some operating leverage.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. we have said -- I think we have said that our Financial Services is hand-in-glove with our Tools Group -- with our own operations. So we view it as limited to the strategic support of Snap-on operations. We don't view it as a sort of a credit company that provides services to other things, which aren't associated with the rest for the business. We see it as financing our customers and our products and our franchisees, that's it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I would say we have 1/3 right now. Maybe 40%, that kind of thing. Maybe 1/3. You mean in terms of our overall product line? You mean in terms of the overall Snap-on product line? Is that what...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I'd say about 1/3. We have entries in virtually every category, maybe less than 1/3. Maybe 1/4 actually. So let's say 1/4 to 1/3, we are -- but we have pretty comprehensive activity. We're putting our toe in a lot of places. But our product line is quite narrow in each -- is more narrow than we have in other places, simply because you've got to start from 0, and you're trying to build up. And so that's an important thing. And a lot of this is learning the specific characterizations -- character of the customers. Not China, but just -- as we roll out into new markets like China or aerospace, you have to learn. I was just in an aerospace facility down in Indianapolis recently, and it's interesting to walk the floor of that place, 800 technicians, and you realize how different it is than vehicle -- this was our money. It was vehicle -- different from vehicle repairs. Some of the tools are held centrally. Some of them are done -- owned by each technician. The technicians don't necessarily do the same thing, so they need a different set of tools. But one thing is in common, is that they all like Snap-on. I ran into a number of technicians that said -- we had just entered this place. We started to sell there only like 3 or 4 months ago. It's part of the reason why our aerospace is up. And they said "We're glad you're here." The same kind of thing happens in China. You're constantly understanding where the customer base is, what they want and adjusting the product line and then trying to Asian-ize the product line to this. So it's an ongoing process. And I would say, we've got about 25% now.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: A version of a lot of it. I can't say. But nothing -- unfortunately, probably nothing goes exactly. We have to make changes to almost everything, and that's what we call Asianization. That's why the product line -- I think one of the mistakes people make is they try to sell what they have. And it doesn't really work. It works at the top end. That's how you enter. We entered with the top end with the super-premium brand, we're selling to the best people, and then what happens -- when you have to deal with the other people, you actually have to make products that they might want and that they -- that fit their actual situations. For example, garages in China are lot -- a lot of the garages in China are a lot smaller. So things like your under-car equipment have to be configured for that. Now it's got the same base, the same actual function, but the physicals, the geometries of it have to change. Now that might not be a tough engineering move, but it has to happen. First, you have to realize it's needed; and secondly, then you have to execute it. So we're constantly doing that. That's why I'm so excited about the engineering center.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's a lot more work in China and India. We've got a lot more work there. I think -- we could tick off the countries, I think we have more work in Indonesia. We have more work in the Philippines. We're pretty good in Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Thailand. Those places were okay. The other places, we've got more -- a lot more work to do.
