Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I think the Tools Group is demonstrating itself. I mean, if you look at the prepandemic levels, it's been up now six straight quarters and it was up over 21% in this quarter. I think it was 21.5%. So it seems to be moving upwards. And all of our good power -- in this time of turbulence, the Tools Group is really well positioned. When I say a strategic advantage of being -- with wide product line and unique brand to control the interface with the end customer, that's exactly what the Tools Group does in spades. It's able to price. It's able to bring value, new value products that don't look like price increases because people are paying for more features. And so that's a very strong position they have. Also, they can market agilely. So if you have supply chain problems, they can pitch their promotions to move people towards what we have a lot of and have a way somewhat from things we have less of. At the same time, they're working pretty well in the factories because they're vertically integrated. So you see their kind of numbers. The 21.9%, I think we were very encouraged by when we saw it. And so you see the Tools Group doing well in sales, in terms of profitability. And if you look back to 2019, what's happened is, I think I said before, is that we have figured out over the period, we were investing in SG&A in, say, like '18 and '19 to try to figure out how to expand the Tools Group's selling capability. And it seems to have worked. Our selling capability, our franchisees has gone up each quarter over that. You can see the expansion. The second derivative looks pretty good. So you're seeing that play out. What we're doing now is we're, of course, plumbing the ceiling of that, see how far it would take us. And we're investing and looking at other possibilities to keep that string going. We think -- we don't know how far those things we understood in terms of social media, in terms of being able to train more effectively will bring us but we're pretty optimistic about it. And I thought I was pretty clear about our views about momentum going forward in this period. If you look at RS&I, RS&I start to come back -- I mean, the thing it's had some good quarters but it's had some quarters where the margins were down. But this quarter, 23.8%, down 10 basis points and that's against multiple that get -- much more, like 80 or 90 basis points of acquisition impact. And what you see in RS&I is continuing positivity around the independent repair shops, particularly diagnostics and information products and the rise of subscriptions and software keeps ticking up because we keep emphasizing that, particularly things like the innovation you heard about Mitchell in terms of navigating the wiring diagrams and the car -- it deals those kind of situations. So you see that playing out. RS&I, I think they were up 5.5% organically in the quarter and up 13% versus -- last year and up 13% versus prepandemic levels, another very positive quarter. C&I is more vulnerable to the turbulence of the date because you have a lot of mixed markets. C&I is in a lot of sectors, a lot of countries. And in that cocktail, you see some countries that are down, particularly in Europe in this quarter which was difficult for you. And then C&I in some of the businesses, I did say, the customized toolkits, well, these customized toolkits are great. Just great margins on them but you have in those kits sometimes a couple of hundred tools. And the sourcing situation of today, when you're going to deliver those all, many of them from individual sources, you can get disruptive in terms of when you're going to be able to deliver and create some problems. And then on top of it for C&I, a big piece in the critical industry is the military business is pretty weak. We always -- we expect that to come back and we expect C&I to come forward. But we see Tools Group gangbusters. We see RS&I coming back, coming back from -- they've been -- they have been weak but they're getting better. They're heating up. You can see that number. And you see C&I kind of holding its own, kind of flat sales. But we figure as we get better at managing the situation, we have a challenged-tested team that does pretty well in this C&I is going to keep coming back. So we like our momentum going forward.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, let me just say, though, I didn't say -- I said when I burrowed down on C&I, I mentioned supply chain. But our view of this is it's always something. It's always something. And if you look at our numbers, up, what, 15% -- 13% over prepandemic levels, 21% OI margin. I don't know if you look at the numbers, you can see any turbulence in those numbers. So I think we're managing through it. Yes, of course, it will get better as we go forward. I mean, it's hard for me to predict. But as you get into the moment, you get better at managing it. Right now, we're pretty good at agile marketing. We're good at managing or redesigning our products. We're good at spot buying. So we don't get it disruptive in general. We have certain modules of disruption that we'll figure out and we'll solve but you don't really get that kind of problem going forward. Now some of our businesses like, for example, you could look at tool storage. We could sell more tool storage if we could turn some more out and we're working on that. So you may see some of that going forward. But I don't accept the idea that we're being impacted by this. We're dealing with it. I think the number is saying, that was a good quarter whether we thought we had turbulence or not.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. I don't -- they're all over the map in terms of that situation and they're by segment. But look, C&I is -- I just -- our point there was C&I is a longer wave business. So you have commitments with some customers, not all customers, so you see some impact on that and you price associated with that. We're getting some pricing in C&I, some but not as much as not other things. Our big thing isn't so much about pricing. It's managing those costs. And so the idea of C&I, I think our disruption is mostly associated with what I pointed out in terms of the custom kitting situation, trying to deliver those things. That's been more probably the biggest impact on this, attenuating some of their volumes, particularly in critical industries.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I'd be kidding. Their fourth quarter was terrible, wasn't it? I thought the fourth quarter for those guys was brutal. So we didn't see much -- if we're talking about projects, we didn't see much cadence difference. I mean, actually, there's a lot of new models coming out that are going to come out new features and I don't think we saw any cadence change in the quarter. Now I'm on shaky ground a little bit about saying that there might have been some of it but I -- my macro view of it, Bret, is it was a tough quarter for the auto companies. So I think as we go forward, it's got to get better. They're going to shake loose some of those. And so we're going to get -- because we're already involved in some of those products, we're just waiting for them to come out. That's what I see. I think the -- if you look at the dealerships, if you go -- like I thought I'd try to make clear, at the dealerships level, the repair is great at that situation. So we're seeing dealerships buy equipment. And one of the upticks in we didn't -- I don't think I mentioned it here but one of the upticks in the RS&I business, it's a rise -- a nice rise in repair shop undercar equipment. Collision and the balances and changes and those kinds of things. And so that's been going up. Also, they're buying software from us. So that's pretty good in that situation. But if you're talking about the programs out of the OEM, your guess is as good as mine when that breaks loose. All we know is they've got a backlog in there that's going to be good for us when it breaks.
Nick Pinchuk: And the reason is I want to get away from talking about the numbers by product line in the Tools Group. To us, it doesn't matter. We skin the cat many ways. So the point about the Tools Group is 21.9% margin. Now hand tools were a nice piece of that. But I will tell you the big ticket items were also up in that period. Tool storage and diagnostics were up. The hand tools are sort of the flavor of the day -- these days because, of course, we're more vertically integrated. Fundamentally, when the hand tool comes in the door, all we add is steel, capital and labor, boom. So it was -- but it's been strong for a number of different periods. So, I don't really want to get down that road. Just saying hand tools was a nice product. Nice -- but as was diagnostics in the period and we had increases in tool storage as well.
Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think this, we have -- of course, we're taking a look at where -- how we source and where we need more capacity in the factories and those kinds of things. But I don't see it there -- I don't see it distorting our financials in that regard. I think a couple of things. When I said that I didn't mean that the OE was going to explode or anything like that. Fundamentally, our OE was higher before because we were spending a lot of effort and a lot of different corridors trying to figure out what would actually resonate with the Tools Group and make a difference. Our OE is in a nice place now. And of course, as you come out, you know how you say this, you're kind of loosening your belt a little bit when you've had a downtick in the COVID but I think our OE is at a nice level. It may go up a little bit but not that much. We're not going to -- but the areas where we're going to spend, I think, would be -- we're going to push more on social media because we've learned more about that. Boy, you know what, we've got a lot of data on our franchisees. We get the franchisees and our customers. We got oodles of data and we could do a better job in terms of predictive behavior on those things. So we're spending time looking at that right now. I don't have anything to report other than, boy, it's obvious to us we have Mitchell-type SureTrack data which we have about cars. We have that about our customers. And so we think we'll be able to wheel that to make the Tools Group even more effective. So our guys can make better choices when they engage customers. That's probably another area we're looking at right now.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. I mean, look, I think that's why we bought it for two reasons. One, from a financial point of view, it is a twin of Mitchell 1. And I don't know if you're familiar with Mitchell 1 but if you pay -- I know you are, we've been paying -- we've been talking about the growth of our diagnostics and software in independent repair shops almost every quarter since I've been here. They just keep going upward. Boom, boom, boom. And so Mitchell 1 knows how to handle that interface. And so we're using that knowledge that, I would say, challenged-tested understanding of the business to apply to Dealer FX and in the fullness of time, that's going to work it's magic there. We believe we'll have a kind of a twin. I'm not saying it's going to be as great as Mitchell 1, it may be but it's going to be a good business. So you're going to see it from a financial point of view but it's also important from us strategically because as you know, it has a window on what happens with these new technologies and the new technology is going to be the drivers of the future and it's going to call it -- help us call in the airstrikes for what product we develop because we're going to see it first in Dealer FX. So you're going to hear us talking about that. But these are early days. It's the first year. There's a lot of turbulence, these kinds of things. In terms of Canada, I think Justin Trudeau just got the COVID himself. So this impacts the activity in Canada. But I believe certainly Dealer FX was up in the quarter and we're making -- we're sort of making our expectations in this but you'll hear more of it as we go forward because it's going to be a big factor on us in terms of early warning. Also, financially.
Nick Pinchuk: Now to put in perspective, Liz, just I'd add on that, if you just look at our hit products, we bring couple of three dozen new products every quarter to the market. So that's a big factor for us.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I think our priorities are still in line. I think, we believe, the best return on capital for our people -- for our investors and for constituents is investing in our business. So to the extent we can invest it in business in some of these new activities or anything like that, we will. We support that. Secondly, we have a pretty full, I would say, pipeline of acquisitions that we keep looking at. And I kind of think, call me crazy but I think in the turbulence, the acquisitions may be more available in this situation. So we're kind of hoping that -- we're kind of focused on a few things that may have some ability to move. And we're not afraid to take big ones or small ones in that situation. And then we have -- our Board just reloaded our share buyback situation and I think now another $500 million. And we have our dividend which we look at and we're kind of -- I think it's been kind of a front piece for Snap-on where we have paid a dividend every quarter for -- since 1939 and we've never reduced it. So we hold it in perpetuity in terms of our policy. And we always look to see if it's appropriate to upgrade it. So those are the kinds of things we're looking at. I think every year changes and this year, it's marked by the idea there's a lot of turbulence out there, maybe there's some opportunities for us.
Nick Pinchuk: I think about the same. I think roughly the same as the Tools Group, I would say, in the same ballpark. In fact, if you look over -- David, if you look over two years' worth, there's differences from quarter-to-quarter. But if you look back over two years, they've been about the same, like we generally see and this quarter was the same kind of thing. There's a little bit of noise with the 53rd week and the franchisees probably doing a little more than they would order from us. But I think generally, it's roughly the same. They're in practically lockstep. So we see the inventory kind of on the Tools Group holding pretty flat.
Nick Pinchuk: It's like this though. I think, look, I think yes, we have pressures on a lot of different things. There's a lot of things that go in that gross margin and there are a lot of things that go in the SG&A. I think our view was on the OI margin in general, the up to 300 basis points. We -- I think I've said this on other calls long ago that we're kind of agnostic between those two numbers. We kind of focus on the OI margin, up 300 basis points, not bad. Now you could say, okay, well, the gross margin is up less than the OE. But if you look back to prepandemic levels, they're both up reasonably well. I think, 100 basis points and 200 basis points. And I don't think that's chop-liver in this environment. Yes, there are pressures associated with the supply and sourcing but we're able to manage it such that we don't give up anything.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, generally, I think if it's the latter, I think that we would rather have it with our new products and then be foolish around those. I think it isn't a ball-based. I mean, fundamentally, I just want to come back to your original question. It would be a mistake to think that the costs weren't coursing through our numbers this quarter because they are. And so we have those and we're holding our own against those with pricing and with those -- like I said, people -- I think sometimes people don't realize how many new products we bring out. If you just look at the hit products and they're the ones that are the incandescent ones, $1 million in the first year, we have two to three dozen every quarter. And so we have a lot of opportunity in both those areas. And I think that's what allows us to maintain this. And our -- this ain't our first rodeo. So we know how to manage this. I think our team -- not me. I'm just a trained dog at the top of the [indiscernible]. But the thing is the guys know how to manage this such they can bring with the combination of direct pricing plus promotions plus the new products. They can manage that interface very well. That's what I meant about the strategic position. So we're not hanging our hands at all, David.
Nick Pinchuk: I don't think -- I was just with the franchisees at the kickoff in Omaha. I got to go to Omaha. I'll go back to Orlando. You can figure that one out in January. But I was with the group. Our franchisees don't think we're losing any share to other alternative sources. They just think, look, these guys are flushed; so they're willing to pay. I mean, if you look at the numbers, the BLS data says that investment in repair, up double digits on a year-over-year basis in both nominal and real basis and the technician wages are up over 5% year-over-year. And the number of technicians out there are growing. So I think you see this kind of a growing flush group of people and they're not -- they're staying with RA. They don't want to pay the interest. We think it's great because fundamentally, the guys have debt capacity available when they need it. The other factor is, I think, in this is that I never wanted to say this. I said it wouldn't last time. But if you look at the 53rd week last year, generally, our stuff cuts off. But even if the franchisees go out for a day or two or three, they're going to generate more year-over-year originations because it happens in the field at some point. I don't know how much that accounts for but you can knock down some of that. So I don't think that's an unusual situation.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, certainly, of course, everybody is talking more about inflation than in the past and Snap-on is not immune from that. However, Liz, I think it is something we manage and strive. First, we always look for alternative ways to reduce cost, whether that be alternative sourcing, alternative componentry, rapid continuous improvement to get some productivity. And of course, if we can't cover that, then we look for pricing actions to help us out. We do believe we have pricing power personified by the Tools Group. And then as Nick already has said, we get pricing over time in the commercial industrial group and repair systems and information in light of the fact that they have longer-term customer agreements. So, we don't immediately just put pen to paper and say, oh, it's got to be this pricing. We try and strive to see what we can offset internally. At the same time, we're cognizant of the new features we always bring to market. So rather than bring a price increase to market, our preference is, can we bring a higher featured product to market and talk more about that feature, even though it might cost more to the customer. We try to create that vision as there's more productivity being brought to market. So that's kind of our broad-based approach. So yes, there's more inflation but we'll continue to try to bring more innovation and more value add for the customer.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, Aldo -- I'd say if you take into account $10 million that I mentioned that, that extra week allowed, we would have probably been up slightly, I'd say, in the U.S. environment. Down a little bit international. International is not quite as robust as the U.S. I think we mentioned that as well that we were up in the U.S. in terms of our sales versus international. And then, if you look at the -- even the contract originations, in 2020, we had more new start-ups. There's a little bit more stable environment now with the franchisees. So there was less startups in the international arena in particular. And when you start up franchise, David, many of the franchisees tend to like the lease vans and borrow from Snap-on credit; so that could affect it. So, it's really -- I don't want to dismiss it. And I always try to remind people that you're still not in a completely certain environment that we find over the time of history that people tend to buy lower price point items until certainty restores. So I don't think tool storage has been as robust as you see in the revolving credit accounts and therefore, you see more revolving action on the [indiscernible].
Aldo Pagliari: Well, we always think of things like that. But if you look at the funnel of time, it averages between 2% and 3% of the outstanding share count, more or less. And it's hard to be an expert in this market. I have no idea if the advertising revenues of Facebook will impact Snap-on the next day when I get up and things of that nature and I'm being extreme of that example. But we try to take a measured approach to it. It has it's role. It's not the only solution in terms of how to use cash.
