Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure, the turnover's at a relative low, I think. We've been tracking it back. I can't say it's at an all-time low, because we don't have the statistics at our hand, that's way back 20 or 25 years. But in recent history, it's at an all-time low, now down below I would say 10%. So we find that to be pretty good for us, and that's quite manageable. One of the problems with turnover is it could become very expensive. But at this level, we have the ability to manage it quite well. The way we see this is that we've invested all through the recession and try to help our franchisees in terms of continuous improvement, the productivity on their van, in terms of upgrading their system and in terms of giving them access to other opportunities like more efficient ways to ensure they're advanced, more efficient ways to communicate more, better ways to manage their vans from a fuel consumption point of view. And we see all that coming through in these numbers. Now in terms of the van side, I think the numbers are somewhere just south of 3,500. That's been growing gradually. I want to say on a year-over-year basis, single digits. So it's been moving upwards but not at a large pace, but it's been very stable.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Let me speak of that in a couple of ways. The first thing is, if you're thinking about the short term and you want to extrapolate off of this, I think what have to think of for Snap-on, of course, for the Tools Group and for our business, in general, is the second quarter is a good strong quarter for us. The third quarter is always uncertain. We have in the Tools Group the van drivers will take time off. They have to go on vacation sometimes. They usually go on the third quarter, and we put the Snap-on Franchisee Conference in that period. So if you're looking at the short term, I don't think you can extrapolate from second quarter onto the third quarter. You have to get that effect in the Tools Group, and you have the effect in Europe of vacations which are always, in my experience, of indeterminate length depending on the year in Europe. So you have in the short term. In the longer term, we feel very positive about our position in the Tools Group. I don't know if you can extrapolate off the 15.5%. In the past, we have said that our target for operating margins for the entire corporation is around mid-teens, and we thought the Tools Group would approach that. In this second quarter, it got above that number. It started to go into the back end, the back half of that number. I don't know what you can make out of one quarter. But having said that, we feel very good about where the Tools business is today. That's not being driven by necessarily an extraordinarily rich mix of the business. It's simply being driven by RCI, by good strong sales, by our ability to price against inflation, which we said before, and a combination of those things. And together with, I suppose, you could say robust sales of big-ticket items like diagnostics and tool storage. So I think you could look at the Tools Group second quarter and say, "Wow, that is an extraordinary quarter. They have been selling on -- they are operating on all cylinders. They probably have gained some share, if you look at their growth in this situation. They've got good growth, and they're performing well and the mix is very robust.” I don't know if you can extrapolate from that number.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. If you take away, as I said in my call, if you take away the headwinds in those concentrated areas, C&I grew just like we always believed it would, double digits. But let's talk about the headwinds. Look, Japan is going to fix itself. I was just there about 4 weeks ago myself, and it is still having trouble associated with rolling power cuts and so-and-so. But that will all work itself out, as we know the Japanese do, they're very ingenious and so on and so. We think Japan comes back from its current malaise, I don't know it will go back to prerecession levels or not, but you'll certainly see recovery. So I think that fixes itself out toward the back of the year. If you're talking about the military, I don't know where the government goes, but the comparisons get easier year-over-year. So when you're talking about a growth scenario that looks like we have managed over, at least, through this quarter, maybe another quarter, the worst of that, and we'll start building from a base. I have given up predicting Spain. Because I think, I would have said a year ago that Spain's got to get better. We believe we're not losing market share, but the Spanish market was down again, and I think what you're seeing is, if you just pick up a newspaper and read about it, you can see the roots of that across Southern Europe. And so, that's how I see C&I. Good strong double-digit growth happening just like we thought it would. Three concentrated areas of headwinds, 2 of which we think dissipate as we go through the year in the third and fourth quarter, varying time constants. And Spain, I'm not so sure. We're confident it's going to come back, but I can't predict the timing.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. We sought some of it. We tried to give some color of that in my remarks, and we're seeing that. If you could see the new products we're going to roll out at the Snap-on Franchisee Conference, I think you would be excited. I was excited when I viewed some of them, and it's across the line. We see them in industrial, aimed at critical industry, some new stuff that excites people in critical industries. We see new products in power tools and torque and tools storage and hand tools and diagnostics, and it will all be rolling out as we go through the year. So if anything, it's getting stronger. I think we feel better about that, and part of the reason why we had this good quarter, I think, is because we've been driven by a new product.
Nicholas Pinchuk: We generally don't disclose it. I can tell you it's between 5% and 10%, and it's increasing every year between last year. That's generally what we've kind of held to and I think we'll stay there, but it's growing. It's 5% and 10%, growing greater than GDP, greater than the rest of the company on a base that's smaller. But still, pretty nice growth for us when you look at it on the margin.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well the biggest piece is China, but we get -- this month, we get good growth out of it in India. And actually, this month we tried to highlight that Indonesia is becoming a bigger market for us. I think that's the underappreciated growth engine in Asia-Pacific. Having lived there for 11 years myself, I know that for a long time, Indonesia malingered in political promise but I think they solved some of it. A couple of years ago they had a currency problem, but now they seem to be hitting, as I said before on other things, hitting on all cylinders. So we're pretty positive about our position here and have a good position in Indonesia. So that was a contributor this quarter for us and we look to it to be a contributor going forward.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, it's pretty much like that. I think we're not seeing any -- the question is, are we seeing any back-offs in the industrial area or the critical industry areas? We are not seeing anything like that. I know there's a lot of discussion about industrial back-and-forth in a number of different sectors, particularly over the last few days. We like our Industrial business. And now, we have a specialized industrial business. First, we're armed with the Snap-on brand, with all these guys and all these professionals in the industry loved and revere. And secondly, we're aiming just at the critical. We're just not so easy to back off of when you need the results, because the need for repeatability and reliability is important. So I think we're in a great spot in the industrial sector.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Spain got worse. I almost want to say, "Shut my mouth." I was surprised by that because we -- that's why I've given up predicting Spain. Although we don't think -- our customers are still buying, it's just small amounts. We don't think we lost share.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I will let others opine on how Mac is being run. I have a lot of respect for the Stanley management myself, but I don't know what's actually -- we're not seeing any change at the -- where the rubber meets the road at the customer base, second quarter, versus first quarter. If anything, we thought our -- we think our competitive position is fairly robust. I would offer that, Gee, I think double-digit growth, 10% in the Tools Group, that's got to be pretty strong. I don't think we're losing out or losing position to anybody in that situation. I even think we're getting stronger. Our people feel we're getting stronger. I was with 1,200 customers at Joliet, Illinois at the, National Drag Racing Championships about 10 days ago. And when I talked to our franchisees, they were quite enthusiastic and quite full of themselves in terms of confidence. So if the numbers, if the anecdotal evidence is anything, I feel we're, if anything, stronger than ever. And if the metrics are anything, I think 10% indicates that we're growing. And by the way, the comparison wasn't that easy. If you look at the Tools Group, they were pretty strong last year in the second quarter. So at 10% growth year-over-year, it's not small. It's fairly significant. I can't explain necessarily the Stanley numbers. And again, if you have questions about your selling into the van, and I'm not exactly sure what's in those numbers.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Pretty much in lockstep with our corporate levels. If the question is are we building inventories on the vans? I don't believe so. We're not building inventories on the vans. So generally, we see this as just a reflective of the marketplace. I think what you're seeing in the van channel is, is good robust product. We have some nice, nice products out there that's engaging the customers. And I say that you can't dismiss the fact that our franchisees are, we believe, stronger than ever before. We feel better about our franchisee population than we ever have in the past. By the way, Franchise Direct kind of said something like that. We were 6 and no tool manufacturer was even close and no industrial franchiser is even close. We felt good about it.
