Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Not really. I mean, I think, look – I think, every quarter is different and there are ups and downs in every quarter in terms of the growth and in terms of the types of products that sell and so on, big ticket was very strong. I was just on a van within – just a little over a week ago and the franchisees and the garages we visited were all very, very optimistic. So I didn't get any feeling from that, from an anecdotal point of view. And then, during the quarter, I met with our – a group of our franchisees several times from the United States and Canada and so on and they seemed uniformly positive. And when I look at the numbers, I think this market looks like it has looked to us for multiple quarters now, for a long time. So empirically with the numbers and anecdotally from what I get from talking to franchisees and technicians, I think this is pretty positive.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Yeah. Well, big ticket items. What we've – diagnostic sales were strong in the quarter for the Tools Group. We – you have kind of a secular trend in the market, what I characterize in my remarks is a tailwind, the need for more diagnostics because 40% to 50% of repairs in the parts today need a diagnostic to effect it efficiently and new cars are 80%, so there is a growth toward everybody needing a diagnostic, we see that in our everyday sales and the trends in the market. But in this particular quarter, big ticket items were fairly strong, high value, some of the things I talked about high-value tools that attack precision like the Brutus 300, strong-seller. So the idea – hand tools in fact were also up very strong. So we saw I think pretty wide strength, but again in this quarter, big ticket led the way. And that's what we expect, because our marketing age around Rock N' Roll Cabs and we've just done a major refurb on the Techno-Vans have kind of support those purchases.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: For your information, for example, you can look at it this way. In the second quarter, the numbers were in sales, we had about $16 million and $0.09 of currency impact between transaction and translation. In this quarter, we had $10 million and $0.07, $10 million – just north of $10 million and currency in sales. And I think that's 1.2% or something like that and about $0.07 of currency impact on profitability, 50 basis points in the OI, impacting the OI margin. If you go forward, if everything stayed where it is, for us the pound is a big – is kind of a big deal. So I think you would say that in the third quarter, the comparisons are such that there would be a slight easing if everything stayed the way it was and then the fourth quarter would get easier I think for us, so that's the way we'd see the year going on, an easing of the pressure of currency, but I think that happens more in the fourth quarter and the third quarter, primarily because of the pound and the pound does carry uncertainty around the exchange rate today and anyway in that situation. But if it stays the way it is today, that's how it'll be.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: So we usually don't give percentages, but we have given it in those kinds of terms, mid-single digits, low-single digits, high-single digits.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: It was up more in profitability. We're pretty encouraged by that though. Like I said, it's the 13th straight quarter growth. And what's really encouraging I think is the growth in core Europe. We haven't seen growth in the core of Europe like this before uniformly. So I am a little encouraged by U.K., Germany and places like that. France, it was encouraging for SNA Europe.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I said – what I said, well, hard to predict, you know. I mean, the thing is – and you got the cocktail of what you sell and all that stuff. But if all things remain equal, what will happen is, is that currency in general will get – currency in general, the pound becomes more difficult I think as you rollout through the year, but then the other currencies abate. So if you look at the total, it gets – if everything stays the way it is, and the mix stays the way it is, you end up having a little softening in the third quarter and more softening in the fourth quarter. I think that's the way to think about it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: No. We don't comment on the forward quarter, but I don't really think so. I mean, certainly I'll say this, there was a lot of uncertainty in the – going – I was in Europe just before the Brexit vote and there was a lot of uncertainty floating around, around that and we didn't see it impact then, I don't know what will happen going forward. But again, I say, we sell items that solve critical tasks, that tends to be less effective by the economics. It can go up and down in a short period, but I think over time, it doesn't get affected. So I don't really think we expect in that situation.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: If the exchange rate changes dramatically that would have a transactional effect of course. If it affects the interest rates that would have another thing around other than – in other parts of the corporation, but I don't really – we didn't see anything so far.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: No, not so much. Not really that. I mean the thing is fundamentally, what's happening in the Tools Group, if you look at it from our perspective and we look at it, you can't look at any one quarter because there is a secondary market and there is a lot of – that's actually the franchisee sales not our sales, so it doesn't match up. There is a lot of noise from quarter-to-quarter. But if you look at overall the last year, the originations are roughly the same as the sales of the big ticket items. So it's being driven by the sale of those big ticket items. And if you've been a student of Snap-on, you know that we have been energizing big ticket sales through we think better product of course in diagnostics and tools storage, but also in terms of the marketing, in terms of the marketing, the Rock N' Roll Cabs and the Techno-Vans. So if I didn't know anything, I would say Snap-On puts Rock N' Roll Cabs and Techno-Vans in it and makes clear cold boxes, I'm going to see high originations because it's going to have a higher big ticket sale.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I think, what I said is – I'll say – I'll make two comments about that. One is, is that, all through – there has been periods when we grew it like 6% or 5%. During the string of 23 out of 24, I think a year before in 2013, I think, we grew it like – we threw a bunch of 6%s during that period. So it goes up and down. This is a risk fluctuation. I've said this, I think – look, I think the Tools Group goes in the 4% to 5% range if based on the tailwind. It's got – that's a great market, automotive repair is the market, one of the market – in our model is one of the business models that Saturn (44:59) automotive repairs, one of the great, great markets, you've got tech – you've got aging of the part and you've got changing its technology, you've got more precision and that will drive us in a 4% to 5% range and things like Rock N' Roll Cab and Techno Express in the system program drives us up into higher levels depending on how effective that unleashes these – how much more effective that makes the van business. So from time-to-time, we get above this. And I think our ability to grow above the 4% to 5% depends on our ability to keep coming up with those things. That doesn't mean we can grow at every quarter so I think that's how I view it. I think we were at a solid 4% to 5%. But I think if we can keep coming up with ways to amplify our business, the technicians are there. There's 1.3 million technicians, we're calling on 850,000 of them, so a lot of them we'd be hiring every year. So we see a great market there. The other thing I will offer about the quarter, yeah, it was 5.8% but 18.3% OI margins.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: So I guess the less than 6% sales and 7% sales didn't affect the profit – so they're still bringing the money...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Well, look, I didn't say in the quarter that was – I didn't match the double-digit growth of big ticket to the – or double digits of originations in the quarter, because you can't do that. You got to look at it over a longer period. So what I did say was the double digits in 2000 – of originations in 2015 maxed, almost pretty close to dead-on the big ticket items in 2015. In any quarter, it's hard to say that. I don't think in the quarter, the more robust businesses were around diagnostics, around hand tools. I think we had a dynamite hand tool quarter, but maybe we had a possibly less of a power tools quarter than we did in the prior quarter, that's the kind of characteristic we had. So we had some goes-ins and goes-outs, if you want to look at it by product.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: No. Yeah, yeah. But we actually did add one in the quarter. So went from 66 to 67, I mean, okay, it's not much. Look, I don't – I think it's one quarter. I'm not saying that – I'm not – we don't give any guidance, I'm just saying it's one quarter, so I think it's a little wrong to explain to view it totally as what were the mix in one quarter and, will tool storage go down, I don't think so.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: It shows up in the originations and in the Tools Group, those are the big ticket items. Those guys are wielding big ticket items. So that's part of the support system that allows us to sell those big ticket items. I mean big ticket is basically – and it has been for Tools, this has been 30 years of this or 50 years, I don't know how long, but it's been since the 1980s at least that they have been and I think longer that they've been financing big ticket items in this way. And what we did, as you said, is – what we did was just bring striking to the franchisees where we listen more to some guys and listen less to other guys depending on the record to call in the air strikes about appropriate credit. And in the quarter, that kind of – I think in the quarter, that kind of was relatively stable. But over like the last 18 months, we've had – we strike more guys that have been better at credit, and they've been able to aid the credit process more effectively.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Yeah. Let's take it this way. Yes, that's essentially what it is. But what I meant was, what I offered that comment for is, it's harder to take one quarter's numbers in origination and relate it from originations, the credit action to the actual sale, which is a movement of product from us, from Snap-on Tools to the franchisee. The product moves from Snap-on Tools to the franchisees, it might go into inventory, it might sell directly, and it might ignite say, okay, I've sold you this, Mr. Big Box, it's like 15-feet wide and I took your 7-foot box in trade and I'm selling that, both transactions would be financed. And so while the net, you get a discount from the original for the amount in trade and then that would be on. So the total amount tends to be sort of the same. The timing of those two things can be very different. So a franchisee might end up in his garage, might have three boxes, used boxes waiting there, and then one quarter might roll them all out, might find a seller for them (51:53), you see what I mean. And so...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Sure. I mean, the Tools Group is more or less like this. The OI margin is up 120 basis points and they had 80 basis points of negative currency. The principal offset is RCI.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Well, mining, I don't think so. Energy, generally, oil and gas is still lagging, but not by the mammoth proportions we saw in the in the first quarter and the fourth quarter of last year. So that came back a little bit. That got better. And for C&I in general, as we go into the third quarter and fourth quarter, we start to get into, I'll say less demand in comparisons in military and in international aviation as well. So you see that kind of effect going on. In terms of the quarter-to-quarter business, we saw – I think we saw rays of hope in places like U.S. aviation and power generation. And general industry seemed to be fairly nice in the quarter. So we're encouraged by that, but I'm not – given the fact that we're down 2% in the quarter and down more in the critical industries, I'm reluctant to predict any turnaround until I actually see it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Software margins are pretty good, but I'd say in the quarter, it was relatively stable. From time to time, we can see a bump from software based on, we'll issue 18.4 (54:38), will come out in a quarter and that will bump the software sales. But generally, I would say our software sales go up with the general push of diagnostics. Remember, we tend – when we're looking at RS&I, we're looking at the sales we show you have quite a bit of software in it in Mitchell 1. Mitchell 1 is a pure software business. Repair shop information and repair shop management, that's where that SureTrack business is. Generally though I don't think we've seen a big change in the mix yet. It might be entitled to the idea that going out future as we get more installed base, you may see some improvement in that. I tend to think as we get more installed base, we'll see both because people will buy in first. The entry-level technician will buy in at the bottom level for that ETHOS. And then when he starts to get more experience, who want to trade up and buy both software and hardware as he trades up.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Well, as I said, I think the comps get easier. Clearly, the military comp gets easier, the international aviation comp gets easier, the oil and gas comp kind of is starting to get easier now. So I think those get better. Whether I can predict the turnaround in the military business, the oil and gas business, or the Middle East loosens up, hard to say. They do loosen up and I think you see favorable comps. I mean, like I said, I am positive about our mechanism there, our proof-of-concept. We keep investing in those businesses. If you look at the C&I SG&A or OI this quarter, you see quite a bit of investment, that's because we invested in Asia, we kept investing in these markets because we believe in them. So we obviously believe a turnaround, whether that's a third quarter or not is another question, but these comparisons do get softer.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Well, as I said, I don't really want to go through all the items, but the power tools is down and so on. I don't necessarily recognize that the comparison was necessarily soft versus last year. I'm not really sure about that. But the thing is, is that, from our view, we're not seeing – all I can say is, we're not seeing anything in the market that's a difference. And so the 5.8%, yeah, it's down from the 8.1%, but we still see it as a pretty strong quarter and we don't have any other view of the future of the Tools Group or the auto repair market based on that. In terms of how the numbers, how the numbers work out, like I said, big ticket, still strong, sold better than the average, hand tools are sold better than the average. The other ones were – obviously if you talk about arithmetic, they were lower than the average.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Well, the science of Danaher are strong managers. And so Fortive is a formidable competitor with Matco and so is MAC. But I haven't heard their names mentioned on the last several – in many, many van rides now. So – and including the last one, which was just a little while ago. So we don't seem to be seeing them and pinging on them. Whatever they are doing, they are doing it invisible to most of our people. I tend to think people decide to buy Snap-on Tools as they look at others. They make that choice. It's kind of a binary decision. You buy Snap-on because that's the best. If you don't, if you don't, if you don't want that, you look at a bunch of others. Generally if you think about the numbers of people that we have in the field, the 3,487 vans and versus the – even the advanced Matco numbers, we're – our people are much more focused and spend more time with the certain amount of customers and calling those customer bases. The Matco and MAC guys chew a lot more dirt.
