Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well -- yes, sure. Look, the Rock 'N Roll vans, as you know, are sort of like a time shared event, which add retail space on a time-sharing basis. Each of the -- each technician, they go around and they visit various technicians for 2 to 3 days. We've grown them from, I think, 18 in the first quarter of 2012, up to around 59 in North America last year. They're not growing anymore. But suffice it to say, that big-ticket items, which tool storage is one of them, was up ahead, greater than the overall Tools Group of 11.8% in the quarter. So they pace the -- they were among the pacing elements -- big-ticket items were among the pacing elements for our growth in the Tools Group. And it's clear that the -- that those 59 in North America, and I think it's 64 international -- in total because we have some in the U.K. now and Australia, have helped drive the way. And of course, that's together with our TechKnow vans, which have increased the same way. The TechKnow vans are now up, I think, to 31, which it started at 14. So those are both helping grow this business. And it has moved faster than at 11.8%.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I would say we had a good year, yes. I'm pretty positive about the year. We had some really fine new products and the numbers were the like last year. Compared to just, what, 2006, they're several times, as I said many times, that number. And I would say that they are divided, kind of, not quite equally. I'd say the Tools Group gets a little more of those because we have more people really in the workplaces for the automotive repair business, and therefore, those ideas are rolling back with greater frequency. But we are getting a good representation from the industrial business, from the critical industries. And you know, I can offer to you that we've advanced our critical industries, not hit products, but we're expanding that business. For example, we added in the year, 996 new aviation products. We added over 600 oil and gas products, military products over 800, power generation. So we're adding products. They are not all the hit products. I'm not saying that, but we added new products to create excitement in that business. The hit products are those that sell over 1 million and create the excitement. We're getting those in industrial. We're still today getting more out of the vehicle repair side of the business. Still, a very good year for that, I'm very pleased. And in fact, when you look at these numbers, it's hard for you to appreciate it, but I believe very strongly that it's generated by the enthusiasm and the attention-getting that these great new products get when people in the vans or when our salesmen call on customers and say, "Wow, that's a new product. I'd like to get it," and they add other products to it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I know -- I don't know. I think -- we have been -- you and I have talked about this many times. I mean, the Tools Group numbers, like you say, 11.8%, 6.0%, 6.6%, 6.0%, 10.2%, 9.5%. In fact, the Tools Group now -- the Tools Group has now grown greater -- 5% or greater in, I think, the number 18 of the last 19 quarters. So they've shown some fairly strong performance. And all I can say about it, in general, David -- what I can say first, in general, is that what's happening here is the effect -- the continually increasing effect of understanding how to help the franchisees be more effective, which authored things like the vans, the Rock 'N Roll cab and the TechKnow van. And we're just getting better at bringing out new products and finding those sweet spots in the -- for the customer needs that excite the customers and get that stuff moving off the van. That's what's happening here. Our ability to make the franchisees more productive and effective and the experience that's building in our team to be able to wield this model, which has always been, I've said, the model that fell from Saturn, more effectively. One of the world's great models, those guys in the Tools Group are probably wielding it better than ever before. In this quarter, I think you might say, we had a particularly great customer connection and innovation season, like Liam just add, that's one. And two, we had things like power tools and some great power tool products that came up. I was in a shop the other day, and in fact, Monday -- Tuesday -- sorry, Tuesday, I was in a shop and the technician said, "Boy, I got this new CT8850, you know, my cordless impact. I used to use these pneumatics. I used to be proud of my pneumatic. Now I've turned my compressor off because this thing is so powerful, I won't let it out of my hand." So that was a terrific endorsement of that. He really had gone completely to that new product, and that has driven some of our sales. So you see that. The other thing about the fourth quarter is, we had a particularly great SFC, great SFC. And the tool -- again, this is the experience of the Tools Group guys that are very positive about this. They're very effective in doing this. This is one of the things that I feel about this business, if I can just say this. I think we are on a trend of continual operating improvement. I know there's a lot of discussion about currency. In fact, you can see the numbers there on -- you can see it in our numbers. In the fourth quarter, we got about $20 million worth of translation hit and when you see the K, you'll see a couple of million dollars of profitability hit associated with it. And you never know what the eventual numbers will be because you got a lot of variation in terms of what happens in the marketplace. But we're exposed in places like -- our big exposures are places like the euro, 9% of our sales in the euro and 8% in the pound and then another 5% in the Canada and so on. And we have some drips and drabs around Australia and Japan. But when you -- and the actual number depends on where those -- what activities are each of those markets. So translation and transaction depends on the cocktail of that. But one thing we know is that as we move forward, the rates from the end of the year are moving up more unfavorable. So we'll see headwinds from currency, but we are confident. We know that our operating position will keep improving despite the arithmetic associated with the currency. So things like the Tools Group, the extension of critical industries, 4 straight quarters of high single digits or double digits, those will continue to grow. And we'll exit, as I said in my comments, better in 2015 than when we entered.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, we have some great guys in the competition. We have some great companies, Stanley and Danaher behind Matco and so on. But at the garage level in the vans, from each of our positions, we see that our franchisees don't often mention the competitors. They reference themselves versus where we have been or where we are going. I just did a van ride, like I said, on Tuesday. And my van driver never mentioned the competitors. He only mentioned how we could get better or how satisfied he was with certain of our new products. So I see this. And I see it across our product line. Our people are confident of our hand tools. Our people are confident of our tool storage because they are beautiful pieces. Our people are confident about our diagnostics and our software because they provide a better insight to repairing the car than ever before. And you know what's happening in the marketplace now, it used to be garages wanted diagnostics. Well with the extension of all the computers on cars, every technician needs to have a diagnostics to repair these days. And so you can see this kind of confidence in our franchisees. And yes, they say, "Well, I'd rather have this or I need something else." But it's always with reference to themselves, it's not much compared to their -- it's not really compared to their competition as much. I hardly ever hear about that. That's not to say, they're not capable and capable people and aggressive people, but when I go out, I hear mostly about ourselves.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well let me say a couple of things. First, just thanks for your compliments about compound earnings growth. But actually, I don't think it's that surprising. This is a great business. It's a great business that has a lot of opportunity and runway further. So we are not so surprised by such things because it is a business that has so much untapped opportunity for both growth and improvement. Let me come back to the idea of keeping it growing. Yes, it is a challenge. But you know that we've grown -- the Tools Group has grown 11.8%, 6%, 6.6%, 6.0%, 10.2%, 9.5% in the subsequent quarters, same-store sales. And then the other thing is, we're getting better at bringing out new products. We just launched another tool storage unit at the kickoffs, David. And you know what it is? It's a tool storage. It's these tool storage, big boxes, you can envision them, and they're gleaming in different colors. They've got great features. You can plug in your power tools and all this stuff, and now we equip them with a downtown sound bar. Now I don't know if you've ever been in a garage, but a sound bar in a tool storage box sounds like a cool thing to me. Everybody who sees them and hears them is going crazy. So new product is a great -- are a great advantage, so that helps it, too. And then the other thing is, we just have to keep thinking of new ways. The Rock 'N Roll Cab was an innovation by the -- brilliant innovation by the Tools Group guys to figure out that they could help the van -- virtually expand the space of the van, which is one of the limitations. They just have to keep coming up with ideas. That doesn't mean that the Rock 'N Roll Cabs won't contribute more. I mean, they've been pretty stable for a fairly long time. I want to say that the vans have been, like, year-over-year -- if you wanted to look at last year at this time, North America had 56 vans, now we have 59. So they only moved up 3 and still it grew at 11.8% in total. And tool storage and big ticket was above that. So they figured out some way to do it without too much increase in sales. Having said that, they also -- we'll be tasking them to come up with new ideas to try to help this situation. The final point is that when you look at the originations versus the Tools Group, it's a little more complex. You have the question of originations and it does -- it is driven by big-ticket items, but it's also a little bit driven by the variation between our sales and the franchisees' sales, of course. The originations track a sale to a technician; our sales track a sale from us to the franchisee. So there's a little bit of timing difference, and it can muddy the water a little bit.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I'll tell you what, I tell you what, all of the above, I think. Remember first -- I think, first, that we start with a great product enabled by an extraordinary base of information with, I think, better insight on repair than anybody else. We have a product that will tell you, okay, if you have a make and model and powertrain of a car, and it's a certain model, what the typical repair is on that model based on big data. It's the only one available. And we have an understanding. A lot of the competition comes at the lower end with code readers and so on, a little bit less sophisticated. Technicians are looking for more levels of sophistication. They want to read what the car says. They want to be able to put the car through functional tests, through its paces. They want to be able to reprogram it. They want to be able to see what the OEM says as a standard fix. And then they want the whisper tips and the tips that come out of the big data. We have all of that. Almost no one else does. So our product keeps evolving and getting stronger in that regard. And if anything, the requirements for this gets bigger because it used to be -- the computer content on cars are getting more and more. This is one of the reasons why nobody can repair cars anymore because they're so complicated. And even in garages, you need -- what used to be a situation where you needed one big unit to handle everybody and you could pass it around, well, you can't be working on a car today, in many cases, without these things. So every technician wants one. And so you have that. And then finally, finally, we have our franchisee armed with the TechKnow vans, up close and personal with the technician to help him through the product, tell him what he needs to know, how to use it, and find out what his particular problems are. We have customer connection and customer delivery like no one else has. And so that's why we don't feel so much heat from those other guys. We think this is a robust market that's going to keep growing. We think it's only going to get more demand in this area. And we think we have significant advantages in data, in hardware and in software. And our software business -- our hardware business was strong. We just had a great launch. And our software business was up more than the hardware business in the quarter.
