Nick Pinchuk: Well, I can start out and may be Aldo can roll in. I think what we saw in the quarter year-over-year was positives with the Canadian dollar where we sell, we also buy some out of Canadian plans but we are positively exposed there and around the pound. And those two currencies tended to be quite favorable for us and that generated the positive events here. Going forward, we see the same events around Canada but the pound has started to weaken some we could see some headwind in that situation.  If you thinking about currency in terms of translation, our translation numbers in the first quarter on sales would have been about $24 million and operating expenses would be something $6 million to $7 million on a negative basis.
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t think we are seeing any restocking, stocking is through. I think people are snake bitten over the past recession. So we are not seeing any evidence in the United States where we sell through another level whether you are talking about our dealers, our franchisees or you are talking about distributors outside the United States. We are not seeing evidence of restocking. So none of that we believe is in our number. A quite a few of our businesses, for example, the industrial business is direct. So restocking would be a factor in that situation. The big question for us has always been Europe about re-stocking and de-stocking and we certainly haven’t seen any restocking in Europe. The de-stocking seems to have ended in certain parts particularly in terms of the North. The South continues to be sliding. Spain, the markets in Spain and if you look at the GDP in Spain it's still going South.  So what we see is no restocking, an ending of de-stocking in the North of Europe, some minor I guess continuing weakness in the South. We just haven’t seen the markets snapped back to the point that we expect people to restock. I’m not sure when that will happen Jim. When we talk to distributors or I talk to franchisees, they all have their, to use an American expression, their Missouri head on, they’re in show me territory. So they’re going to have to see quite a bit of time go by before they’re going to enter restocking.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Van counts are pretty stable. It’s give or take 3,460 in the United States as about where it was at the end of December. Terminations are at an all-time low but you could say we’re not capturing any. We’re not increasing on that because we’re not gaining even though the termination is at an all-time low. I would add quickly though we’re being very selective of our people at the van because we had difficult experiences when we put people in vans that might have been not appropriate or not as I guess born to do that kind of business, and so we had some difficulty when they ended up having, not being successful. So we’ve been stable there. Our plans are still to expand that business and we are still continuing to working to refine our recruiting models to make sure we can move forward and build that van count. In terms of mix, our hand tools were up slightly in the quarter. Remember that hand tools never really went down very much. It was all tool storage and big ticket items. So, the mix of tool storage and diagnostic, you can pretty much say that the increases for year-over-year are rooted in tool storage and high value diagnostic units. Power tools was down slightly but that has to do more or less with the timing of model introductions.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Well, first of all, we had record. I believe probably an all time record OI margin in the fourth quarter for the tools group so was gain busters. So we knew we had top comparisons if you are going to go sequentially. We had our volume rise up. So we got some pop out of volume and a little bit of absorption. Much of that business was as I said before big ticket items which tend to be ironically a little lower in absorptions because there are components purchased more than a hand tool. A hand tool tends to be a big labor, big machine, high fixed cost equipment.  Diagnostic tend to be component purchased and assembled. So we could get a volume push but the absorption might not be as much as you might expect if you are modeling this. We had favorable LIFO in the fourth quarter which I think we called out in our release which basically accrues to the tools group. In first quarter in a tools group, you do have a launch; we have kick off around the country. So there is a little more expense there and I think I would say that if we wanted to get jump started into the year with those big ticket items because we thought that would lead the way. So we promoted them relatively aggressively. So when you put all that together that ended up blunting some of the drop through you might expect off the volume increase.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think it's both situation. The commercial and industrial division has been throughout the years pretty much our poster child to rapid continuous improvement and we did get nice drop through on some of the volume. But you don't get that kind of popping, I think we went from 6.7% OI margin to 10.2%. I think the numbers are something like that. You don't get that just from volume. So there was good drop through because we had some nice sales and alignment and so which are high profitability product, high margin product but we also had some great RCI benefits. So I’d say both were big factors. 
Nick Pinchuk: That's a good thing but the drop there was very high. So you can make the calculation based on that.
Nick Pinchuk: We haven’t had too much. I have made this kind of a joke about it. But there are people trapped there. We had some training plan, that’s that put on hold. So that’s an issue. I don’t see us having a problem. If you look forward, we could have a problem if we ran out of things that we needed to airship. Europe would be a less of a problem then if this extended to Asia let say. To put it in perspective though we spent $90 million a year in freight, $5 million of this is air. So it’s not a huge problem for us. It could create some irritancy in certain product lines and certain places. But we don’t see it being an issue right now.
Nick Pinchuk: Couple of things, one is that we don’t see much seasonality in our business except for the third quarter. Our third quarter tends to drop pretty much because of Europe, because of our dependence on Europe and some of the markets in United States people take the van drivers to take vacations in the third quarter from time-to-time. So, we do see weak third quarter but by and large not much seasonality going from first to second. So there is not much of a tailwind in that regard.  Looking out for the future, I think I stand on what I said in my remarks. We think the markets are leaning positively but it was one quarter and in those numbers are some expansion to new adjacent segments like capturing customers in Europe for the EPC and reaching out to new OEMs and equipment sold. There is probably some market shares in our gain, in our growth number and that 4% growth number as well. So I’ve learned in the recession not to make any future calls. All I can say is the market seems to be leaning positively but I am still from Missouri that is show me. I’m looking forward for any kind of recovery. The one thing I can say is, wherever it happens we’re poised to take advantage of it.
Nick Pinchuk: I said market share. It’s always dangerous to talk about market share gains over quarter. These are simply new customers that we captured. I believe we can capture new customers though. That’s what our strategic initial is all about, that’s what penetrating the garage, a repair garage owners and managers is about. That’s what is extending the mission critical industry is about, that’s what building in emerging market is about. It is after all share gain and so we believe very strongly that we’ve taken the action in building capabilities in product lines and physical distribution to be able to take advantage in those areas which are pretty much adjacent for us as the recovery occurs.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. What I said was I am seeing increases in tool storage and high value diagnostics that more refers to the United States than Europe, equipment I meant both developed markets United States and Europe.
Nick Pinchuk: They are year-over-year and for tool storage and diagnostics they are sequential. Equipment had a gain busters quarter, in the fourth quarter so I say it’s about flat.
Nick Pinchuk: We are looking better in the North UK, Sweden; France is looking a little better for us. Spain, the reason I mentioned Spain, Gary is that SNA Europe has a significant portion of its business in Spain. It’s the leading market player in Spain and so for us Greece is kind of interesting. We sell there but it’s not such a big factor. Italy, some factor for us but Spain is a significant challenge for us and we see the Spanish market continuing downward.
Nick Pinchuk: Of the top of my head 42% outside United States, I would say is 26%, 27% in Europe. You might say Asia-Pacific 8-10%.
Nick Pinchuk: Booming. We saw great smaller base though. When I am quoting the numbers Asia-Pacific, I am talking about Japan which is a much more stable market. But when I talk about the emerging markets of Asia-Pacific, I am talking about China, India, the ASEAN, all where we’ve been building our physical presence and expanding our product lines where we add the diagnostics in China, where we provided the ASEAN (inaudible) those business in the emerging markets of Asia were up substantially well ahead of any GDP growth in those areas. So the GDP growth is pretty robust. Now again Gary it's off a smaller base but we are pretty encouraged by that.
Nick Pinchuk: That's good. Secondly, okay, the recession put everybody on stall a little bit. We’ve had chance to build our strength in places. So we kept investing. So I think we are in better shape perhaps then maybe some others are because we kept investing. We didn’t take capacity out in Europe, we kept in place. Remember, we talked about that in the prior calls. We kept, because we were confident that the markets are going to come back. So I believe and we have building in Asia-Pacific well maybe this there was a tough time for some others. So building our product line for critical industries. We kept expanding our product lines throughout the recession. So I feel pretty good about the positioning. The only difference for us I’d say is that Spain, one of our markets, one of our more major markets in Europe is unusually weak. That’s about the only difference about our business versus I guess any other kind.
