Nicholas T. Pinchuk: That's a great question. One of the great questions I think is -- one of our big product lines are hand tools, we guarantee them for life. So how is it we have a business at all? And the answer is, is what happens in the marketplace, particularly in the auto repair marketplace, there's a tremendous motion of technology that creates the requirements, things like the spring tool, like the Push-Pull Spring Tool I talked about, and a number of other products. And so when you look at this business, you see -- first and foremost, you see innovative new products rolling out, because our Snap-on Value Creation around customer connection and innovation is working better before -- better than ever before, and we're having more hit products than we've ever had, 5 or 6 times what we had just in 2006. So you see a lot of those and that creates excitement. So we're doing that better. Underlying that is the change in the vehicles, that's one. Two is, we're reaching more customers because we're enabling our van drivers to be more effective. Part of that is really innovative marketing. Things like the Rock 'N Roll Cab Express and the TechKnow Express, and other things we're doing on the van to make our drivers better. And this general productivity rolling through the van is pretty good. And then, thirdly, the credit company. Since we brought the credit company home, we've learned more things about credit than we ever thought we could, especially applied strategically in the marketplace. And all this is coming together with a team that's starting to learn this. And the Tools Group is singing. I mean, you see the sales of 6.6% this quarter, and I think that last second quarter it was 7%, and the second quarter before that it was 10%, and the second quarter before that it was 10%, and the second quarter before that it was 7.6%. Now, I'm not -- as I say, we think -- we say we're going to grow organically at 4% to 6%, and the Tools Group, by all rights, should be at the lower end of that, and that's what we keep saying. But our team in the Tools Group is doing a great job, and they are expanding their position. I'm not going to say we have a bigger market share, but I kind of like the numbers.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, I think Europe, the play is more by country, perhaps you might say that. I mean, I think no particular industry. I don't think you're seeing the construction industry come back too quickly. And we felt -- in some of that, the agricultural industries are good, big industry is good, aviation is okay. But I want to emphasize what I said in my call, we're growing mid-single digits in Europe in places like Germany and France and even Spain, the U.K., and this is defying the GDP. The GDP in Germany, for example, is forecasted in the second quarter at 1.8%, France is 0.4%, Spain is 1%, U.K. is 3.1%. So our guys are outgrowing the GDP. I just think it's the fact that we have had faith in that market. We're seeing our customers didn't go away, continuing to pound Snap-on Value Creation, making them more efficient and, in one of the more efficient places, is developing better products, more innovative products. And that's playing out now that they're seeing even a little sliver of daylight. That's what's working for us there. There's nothing particularly special, I think it's just being in a proper position when a little bit of opportunity presents itself.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, it's better than a stick in the eye to see the 6.6%, of course. And I'm still sticking to my 4% to 6%. I think we're quite pleased with what we saw in the second quarter. We always know that -- and we're seeing positive trends, what are we, like, 5% in the first quarter and so on. So we're seeing our businesses start to become more effective, and I think there are elements inside these businesses that are working that way. I think as we look forward, I think we expect this kind of trend to continue, but I think 4% to 6% is the right -- are the right numbers. But when you look at these numbers, you feel certainly more encouraged about that 4% to 6%. As I've said on every quarter 2 call I've been on -- and I'm not pre-staging anything up or down -- the third quarter is always squirrely because we've got vacations and so on, where the technicians take vacation. They go to the FSC. They park their van and Europe is off in July and August, depending on where you are. And you'll never know when the distributors are going to come back, and so it's more difficult to predict that. But if I think if you look out over the trend, the quarters, we're going to see -- and I'm not predicting anything bad or -- in that, I'm just saying, there always is more turbulence, more windage in that quarter. Over time, I think this is got to be encouraging to us.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Tools Group. And it hits us in 2 places. Those particular currencies, of course, you have translation because we have operations there, and they do okay. And so to the extent the Canadian dollar is smaller and the Australian dollar is weaker, there's an impact on translation both at the sales line and the operating income line. But the big effect was transaction, as you're referencing here, where we sell -- what we're talking about here mostly here in Canada is taking the Tools Group and selling out of the United States factories into those jurisdictions. And so what happens is, you've got a selling price that now is less in U.S. dollars, and so you try to punch it up, but it takes a while to move the selling price up to match that. And so you -- inevitably, when currencies go down, you have transaction effects, and that's what's happening there. The currencies -- where the currencies are now -- there's variations as we go through the year. But where the currencies are now, they -- I think they're about where they were at the end of last year, I think roughly, if you look at all the currencies together. So I don't see any trends for the end of the year, I don't see any changes in that currency position.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, maybe. I think, look, I think the advantage -- you might be entitled to the following. The -- when you look at the currencies and you start playing out month by month, there's a lot of variations. All I'm saying is when you get to the end of the year, there's a lot less variations from where we are now. So there's -- it goes in and goes out as you go through the year. But from an operating guy point of view, you might be entitled to the idea that if the currency drops, like in Australia and Canada, we'd be trying to push up the pricing to recapture some of that. That's where I -- yes, you would be.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't know. It's a long -- I can't give you any number. It's like -- you know how this works. Okay, you try to move the pricing up and maybe it doesn't hold so well and so on. So it's not an exact science. You just charge your operating guys with saying, "Look, let's try to get some of this back." It doesn't always work. Sometimes it does work. For example, this time last year, we had a big ding in India, for example, and it took us a long time to get us back up and we're still not back up, but we got some of it back.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I can only tell you what I hear from the people on the ground. And so I was just out at Joliet, where the drag race, we had the Nationals. The NHRA drag race out there, the Nationals, and we hosted 1,200 customers. I talked to a number of them, almost all of them probably. And they didn't mention the competition whatsoever. So I didn't hear anybody say -- hey, I'm not saying people aren't doing stuff. I'm not saying they aren't smart people. I'm not saying they're not aggressive in trying to do things. But what I'm getting feedback from in the operations and at the grassroots are mostly focused on how we can get better, how we can strengthen our position with the customer. It's all about our relationship with the customer. It's almost never "Oh, I got this competition that's going to bother me." It's almost all focused on our relationship. And I think this is the kind of feedback you get from a market leader, of which we are clearly the leader in almost all these segments.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't know. Look, I think what gates it is our own capability. At some level, we're not smart enough to do any more. And so part of it though is, I think -- that's one, and what I mean by that is this: our drive for innovation has to do with our observations in the field. It's not gated by the innovation back here. So in terms of that -- what I mean back here, I mean, at the center, the R&D labs and so on. So what I mean by that is we're gated by how many people for how many hours we have in the workplace. Our R&D spending is up, and it'll fluctuate from time to time, and we spend more in different places. And I guess you would say that over time, we're growing our capability, hiring more engineers. But in my view, the big pacing item is around the unique strategic value that Snap-on has. That is the understanding of the marketplace and the feedback of that understanding into the innovation system that creates these new products. As I talked about today, that tool for the transmission door -- for the power generation door, the transformer door -- that came out of observing how people service transformers. Somebody was there watching and said, "Boy, we can save a lot of time." Or the thing with the springs. Somebody's in the garage watching the springs being unloaded or taken out of the vehicle and watching them fly all over the place, and watching mechanics chase them around. That fed back into, "Boy, we can make this more productive." That's the key, and that's what feeds us. But it’s a unique value and strategic advantage we have, and that's what we're wielding to greater effect now.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Geez, I don't know. I think we're priced pretty high now. I mean, we think we're up there in terms of pricing. I don't think anybody's ever asked us, "Are you too shy in your pricing?" I don't think anybody's thought that. Now you could ask, "Okay, where do you price it?" And I think we get that from the field. We have our franchisees, our franchise performance teams that are out there and right -- if you want to take the Tools Group. And with technicians who are out there all the time in the marketplace, and they have a feel for what a tool will sell for. And I think then we kind of price off our own -- our former tool and say, "How much innovation is this? How much would it be worth for the customer? How flashy will this be?" And we make a judgment. It's probably not as analytic as you would hope in some orbs, but our position in the marketplace is more an art informed by tremendous understanding of the customer.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, the sockets and the wrenches are up somewhat higher than the average this quarter. So that's going okay. I think -- yes, the sockets might be up higher, so that's -- so we don't see any diminutization of that, I don't think. I think -- look, I think you could argue that to the extent that we have more innovation and we punch into new areas and come up with more ideas that aren't exactly wrenches and sockets, they become a smaller percentage, of course, but they're no less important. In fact, I was on a van in Encino, California last week. One of our van drivers, Matt Scott, he took me around to a Mercedes dealer and a Tesla dealer where I saw a huge number of Snap-on tools and Snap-on boxes. And a couple of young technicians got on the van. Mark Scott [ph], he had been technician for like 5 years, and Juan Gutierrez [ph] gets on, and he's only 3 years. And they all have like -- they'll say, "I have 5 or 6 ratchets already, but I need this special low-profile ratchet to get inside this particular product." So I think there is no shortage of need for innovative new hand tools, ratchets and sockets and wrenches, even with young technicians, even today, even at a place like Tesla.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, we've got about 5 outside the U.S. I don't know -- sometimes when people say "outside the U.S.," we're talking -- I think for purposes of the way you asked the question, yes, 53 of the 58 Rock 'N Roll cabs are inside the United States. We don't have one in Hawaii, I guess. We've got one in Puerto Rico. And we've got 4 or 5 in Canada, we've got 4 in Canada. So, yes, but there haven't been as pushed as far outside the U.S. Canada is -- the routes are broader, so there's a different approach there, I think. You could argue, "Should they be in the U.K. and Australia?" And we're looking at that now. Well, maybe there's an opportunity there, I'm not -- we're not sure yet.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. Look, I don't think so. I think just -- I think we said we were at $70 million to $80 million last quarter, now we said $75 million to $80 million. But this is just -- a few more projects came up that we thought we could invest in. They were talking about the tools factories in the United States, there's some investment in Asia, doing some in Europe and some in R&D or in our places here. I think you're seeing kind of noise in the quarter, and with a maybe slight bias for upward movement. But if I was -- shall I say, if I was a cash flow modeler, for example, I wouldn't be thinking that CapEx is going to explode or get much higher. It'll move up over time, but I'm not thinking we're going to double it or go up by 50% next year, or anything like that. Of course, I'd probably have a big project next quarter that I'll announce, but I don't think so.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Hey, look. Here's what I think I would say on that, and I think we've said this effect in other orbs. I think we're looking at the mid-teens in the rearview mirror, what we thought was the mid-teens, and so we're by that now. And that doesn't mean we won't have a quarter that's below that, don't -- that doesn't -- I don't mean that every quarter, or anything like that, but I'm talking about the trend. I think we've passed our goal that we set back in, what, 2005 or something like that, when we were back at 6.5% OI margin. We said mid-teens. But what we're saying -- I think we're viewing it going forward, it's not necessarily a target, but I'm telling you that absent macroeconomic turbulence of significance, we see -- we don't see ourselves being interrupted in terms of our growth. We do think that if we never got another dollar of incremental sales, we would be able to increase the margins because of Snap-on Value Creation and its effect on the operations, and there's so much more to improve. And secondly, we do believe though that we're not going to be flat. We think we have ample runways for growth in the van channel with the repair shop owners and managers, with the extending critical industries in emerging markets, and that's going to add leverage to that. So we see our margins continuing to go up at some pace, and we don't necessarily see a near-term ceiling to that. That doesn't mean there isn't a ceiling some place. But we're sitting here [indiscernible], we see that. So I'm not saying we're at a ceiling or anything like that.
