Nick Pinchuk: Well, we never really characterized the calendarization of our sales, but those who listen to us like you do, those who listen or watch us would know this and that July and August are vacation seasons in the Europe and the United States. For Europe and Northern Europe its July and then August in Southern Europe, so July and August are afflicted by vacations and the same pretty much applies to the van business in the United States, where we have the SSC in August for a reason, because that’s when the guys who are driving the vans want to take a little vacation.  So you might be entitled to the fact that those months might be a little bit more tepid or certainly more variable and then you might be entitled to the fact that in a relatively strong quarter, that quarter would have to be delivered at the end. I think this is kind of logical sense. So without commenting on the week-by-week or day-by-day, I think you can infer that we had a fairly strong end, given that our quarter is so large.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I don’t see anything that interrupts that strength, I’d say that. We never comment on the forward looking months, but I think when I look at our positions along our run rates for growth and the power of our improvement, we see it carrying over the positions with the franchisees. They are more confident than ever before, I said it just a few minutes ago.  You can see the critical industries. The critical industries seem to be humming. Military is coming back, although I did say that can be uncertain, but boy, increases are better than a poke in the eye and its been increasing fairly well, so you see that. RS&I just cranks along and anything in the auto repair business I think is fairly strong at this point.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, a couple of things. First of all, certainly we see turbulence in the east like we said for several quarters. We were up again, the fourth straight quarter of growth in Europe and again, they were on vacation in July and August, so this is a fairly – from that perspective, it was a fairly positive quarter in terms of trajectory, sort of like trajectory. And I will say, our European business is coming off the mat. We are still down 20% to 25%, so we’ve got a long way to get back to where we were in 2008. So I feel okay about Europe at this point.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, the sales, if you are talking about SNA Europe, it was up – I would say you could characterize it as low single digits. Kind of the same as it was at the last quarter. Although last quarter we would have characterized it as mid single digits, so I mean it was a little bit lower.  But I think when I look at the total that goes in and goes out, we saw some really strong growth in places like Spain and Italy and Denmark and Finland and some weakness in some other places. Europe as always varying from quarter-to-quarter, we think we kind of had the same quarter with volume growth again and leverage on the bottom line that outpaced the growth.
Nick Pinchuk: I think that’s it. I mean I think its – I spend a lot of time of this call trying to emphasize the power of customer connection and innovation by another way, the mechanism by which we generate new products and so in Europe you have new products.  For example, in Europe we have something called the Bahco ERGO Tool Management System. A system, which we put in critical applications. The box, which takes care of tool control, is customized to the customer and we put Bahco tools inside. It’s a version of what we do in the United States with the Snap-On brand, only its Bacho and its fitted to each individual customer; that’s driving some of our sales, so individual product improvement is helping.  Secondly, we are just getting better at selling than we were before, because of RCI and our efficiencies and thirdly, I think to be frank here, you know as I said, I think I’ve said on many of these calls, we are coming off a pretty deep dip. We are down 20% to 25%, so you know the world doesn’t have to be that rosy for us to grow.  And so I think you put those three things together and you would say, look we’ve been growing in Europe for several quarters. Four straight quarters now and people have been mourning for a while and we’ve just been growing through those headwinds. 
Nick Pinchuk: Not exclusively, but mostly. To give you an idea for example, this quarter – I think in the end of the quarter we had like 59 Rock N Roll cabs. I think about five were in the international outside of North America, so there was a few and they grew a couple. One in the United States, one in North America and two in Europe and we have 25 TechKnow Express vans and they are just in the U.S.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, there’s certainly a plan to – the Rock N Roll cab, we’ve got quite a few. I would think international we’d be adding a few more perhaps; we’ll be looking at that. U.S. we’ve got kind of pretty much the nation covered. You might add one or two as you go forward. The TechKnow Express, there are plans to add more as we go forward.
Nick Pinchuk: Gee, its hard for me to say Gary, because they don’t actually sell, they just promote the product. And so they go out there and are like a rolling showroom and the guy gets on. As you know, he gets on the van. He sees all these tool storage boxes or these diagnostic units and he ends up ordering from the franchisee who is in that territory. So it’s a tough guess to say well, would it have sold anyway?  Certainly what’s happened is, since we’ve had the Rock N Roll cabs for like a couple of years now, tool storage has outpaced the tools group for sometime and our big ticket items again, which is a favorable sign actually, big ticket items outpaced the Tools Group sales in general, and that of course has been driven by this, but I don’t think we have a number. We just know they are helping us.  We believe they are paying back. We can afford them because of the 6% growth, the 6% growth this time, the 6.6% last time, the 6.6% the time before that and the drop to 130 basis points improvement. We believe it’s in the mix, but we haven’t worried about payback in general or how much it’s boosting. Sorry, I can’t help you too much.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. I mean I can talk about this a little bit. The thing is there’s a number of things. I think first is just general productivity. We’ve got the Rock N Roll van, the TechKnow Express and what they are doing is they are amplifying the power of the space, that’s the van. The van after all is rolling retail space and TechKnow Express and the Rock N Roll cabs are amplifying that on a time-shared basis from route to route and that’s clearly allowed us to reach out for more technicians.  You know as I said, we don’t call on all the technicians. We don’t have all the technicians on our sales book at one time in the United States. So we have opportunity to add more, just from those at existing basis, that’s helping. Secondly, it’s a productivity issue, because our guys are real busy and so the idea doing something like RCI, just like a factory. Looking at the van like a factory, figuring how to make work easier for them, ratchet repair for example. Making the ratchet repair more easier is one thing we can do, things like that, how to bounce inventory.  We’ve just rolled out; we’re rolling out and its kind of completing the roll out of a brand new point of sale computer system. We call it chrome. It’s going to help the van drivers’ productivity immensely and then when it comes to finance, finance is just a matter of since its now in the house, the finance programs are tailoring. The credit companies are tailoring their programs just to what the franchisee needs and therefore making it easier for him; one, from an actual point of view and an execution point of view and two, not in substantial, making it easier to understand.  We’ve done a lot of work in making these programs easier to understand. I would say four years ago you kind of needed a semi PA. You needed to be an analyst at one of the Wall Street firms or one of the investment firms to be able to understand some of these credit programs, but now it’s a lot easier and so those are the kinds of things we’re doing.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, easier to understand, one; and two, making credit more available and this way we did a couple of things. One is, we refined our model so that we can think about the actual credit, the actual applicant and better decide whether it’s a good risk or not a risk and want to take the credit.  And then look at the franchisee and consider more effectively the franchisees record in choosing and recommending and collecting when making a choice around that, and putting that together in the credit profile and allowing more people to get credit, because the combination of the franchisees endorsement and the credit rating of the individual borrower, the customer made it for a more target rich environment for us, a more informative environment and therefore we were able to do a little bit more activity.
Nick Pinchuk: We’ve got a long pipeline of possibilities and every quarter we’re acting on, we’re reviewing acquisitions and considering possibilities. Some of them are small, some of them are pretty large I think, but they are all what I would call coherent.  That is, they lie on one of those four runways for growth in terms of enhancing the van channels and expanding repair shop owners and managers, understanding critical industries and other things and so we’ve looked at some really big ones that would ease up a huge portion of our fire power and decided well, maybe that isn’t for us or it isn’t quite – its only got a very – not enough of the business fits us and we’ve looked at some smaller ones like Pro-Cut and so on and we pulled the trigger, but we’re looking at them actively all the time. The pipeline, the prospects are fairly large though and it continues to refresh.
Nick Pinchuk: No, the priorities are any of those runways for growth, but as a practical matter, as a practical matter, expanding repair shop owners and managers, giving us something more to sell like Pro-Cut brake lathes or a Challenger Lifts is something that is high priority. Giving us something that would give us more to sell or give us more presence with critical industries is another area that we’d be looking at. Now we would consider emerging markets with the vans, but I think the acquisition targets are less. There’s less available in those areas that fit so coherently in those places.
Nick Pinchuk: I’d say C&I, but C&I had an encouraging quarter, 13.7% OI margin. That is the highest OI margin ever by C&I and the last – we only hit when its high, the highest OI margin and we hit it in the second quarter of 2008. It was on considerably more sales. I think $20 million or $30 million more sales.  So in fact C&I has made a lot of progress and we see more opportunity going for it, but I hate to say that, because to tell you the truth, I think there is ample opportunity in all our businesses. Like I said many times, if we never got another dollar of incremental sales, we would drive the profitability upwards.
Nick Pinchuk: Well yes, sure. I hate to, I don’t like to pin myself down, but we are ahead of last year. Last year was a record. I hesitate to say a record, because it was as high as is more than we’ve seen since we’ve been measuring our hit parade products, which by definition, our definition is a product which sells $1 million in the first year after launch. And you might remember that I said last year we hit a level that was lets say between four and five times what we had just in 2006 and we are ahead of last years pace as of now.  Now, of course you got to launch it, its got to sell a $1 million, so who knows. I think there’s some great products in the pipeline, but whether the customers are going to like it or not, I’m not sure. Sometimes I’m not simpatico with the customers, but fortunately the guys who launched the product and design are, so I have confidence that we are ahead. 
Nick Pinchuk: They’ve been strong. We’ve had a good strong year in diagnostics. We just launched a new product, which is rolling out on our service line. It’s got some great new features, faster and having perform more capabilities, bigger screen. It’s incredibly profitability and its incredibly popular, sorry, incredibly popular, and so I am positive about that.  Diagnostics is the movement of – people can relate to the RS&I business because you see the information. You can see the technology and the products. But one thing I want to offer is, when you are talking about critical industries, you are talking about some – in the C&I side you are talking about some fairly sophisticated items.  I was just down at an aerospace facility, at an aircraft manufacturing and repair facility and I was talking to customers, speaking to customers, because that’s where it’s expanding. I talked to one young technician there, who started to take about low frequency ebbing current; an assessment of structural damage or structural weakness in airplane fuselage.  He is one of our customers using our tools and he is talking with great authority about this kind of technology or another different guys talking about magnetic residence to determine weaknesses in the fuselage. So even on an RS&I side, I mean even on the C&I side, in critical industries, you are seeing a tremendous deployment of technology in criticality that gives us opportunity to innovate around that. 
Nick Pinchuk: I kind of resist doing that. If you look at our numbers over time, I kind of view it like this. I kind of view volume leverage and productivity at flat volume as horns on the same goat. You basically get higher sales and you do it with the same people who are slightly less, and it drops through with a great rate, that’s RCI, because you fundamentally enable your people to do more with the same.  Then now other people might call that leverage, but we can consider that RCI if we see reasonable drop through. And the same kind of thing, its sort of the same version, if the sales are flat and we are able to reduce cost, like spend less or maybe use less, do the same kind of support to the tools group, but do it with less cost, let fright for example, less fright cost or less material cost or less design cost, those kinds of things are a positive at flat sales.  :
Nick Pinchuk: You know I again resist it. I don’t think of it in those terms. I really don’t think of it in those terms. I think of it in the terms that I just – I and the Snap-on team think of it in these terms. We don’t necessarily look back so much.  We look forward and say – and not that we don’t know where we’ve come, but we say to ourselves, look, our task. We sit her now. Our task is to improve next year, improve going forward, and we find components of that and we have programs which will generate savings associated with things like design, cost reduction for products, less material. Maybe a little bit less expensive way to do the same thing with somewhat more quality, we’ll do that or we’ll find ways to enable people on the line to be able to do more.  For example, we will – I’ve done this myself. We work in a factory and bring down setup times and that will allow more throughput to the factory and more changeovers in the factors, so therefore more throughput and I can do more volume with the same people.  And so we don’t – and we have a myriad of projects in both those areas, some of them work really well, some of them don’t, but I don’t think we worry ourselves so much about which ones contributed to us. More or less we think about what’s the total result at the end. That’s what’s worked for us for 900 basis points. 
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Hey, Aldo I kind of missed your narrative in terms of the sales increases in the RS&I segment, I think – what did you say, it was high single digit sales to OEM dealerships and low single digit sales to independent repair shops. 
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Thanks. All right, hey Nick, I want to just talk obviously Europe and David mentioned this with his questions, but could you tell us exactly how much the sales in Europe were up in the quarter if at all.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Okay. And just in terms of your best guesses, that on basis points of sales, I mean what would be the incremental contribution from having these vans out there to the Tools Group sales.
