Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: And originations in 11.2%. But last quarter, they were reverse, it was 14.2% versus 12.9%. And the quarter before that it was – in other words, 14.2% was the originations and 12.9% was the Tools Group, and 7.5% (36:16) was the originations in the fourth quarter and 11.8% was the Tools Group. So they don't match up perfectly. We are unconcerned – we're not concerned about anything like that. And we don't see anything like buildup of inventory in the vans at all. This is just a matter of timing and the differences I pointed out.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Yeah, yeah. No, if you're talking about revenue growth. Generally, big ticket prices are – when we're talking about – when I talk about big ticket growth, I'm talking about what the big ticket items were a year ago, and they've grown actually at double-digits, a little faster than the Tools Group. And, in fact, that's, I would say, apples-to-apples in terms of pricing. So it's pretty much volume growth in that situation.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I don't think so. I mean, first of all, it's one quarter; that's one thing. And that can be moved up and down. But the diagnostics and information business – the sale of diagnostics and our information products into independent repair shops, which is the space we're talking about, was up fairly strongly in the quarter. I think we said high single digits. So – mid-single digits. So that was a little bit better than RS&I. And then second thing is, I would offer that – I was just on these Rock N' Roll – I was on one of these techno vans recently. And the van driver told me, he said, we're not associated – we're not worried about competition, our biggest competition is the difficulty in getting to a technician and explaining to him the product, getting him to appreciate the value of our business. He didn't cite any competitors at all. In fact, I never see – I was just with 1,200 customers over the weekend and that – 10 days ago, and they were talking about this product and basically they talked about the idea that it was better than anything else we had – better than anything else we had brought out. Secondly – I mean, thirdly, I would suppose that when you – when we survey independent technicians, when we ask them what's your preferred form of diagnostic, it's still overwhelmingly Snap-on. I think the numbers, the latest numbers we have are 60 for Snap-on, 11 for number two. So you see all those. Now, if you come back to RS&I, I suppose your question was RS&I; I personally think, we were encouraged by the RS&I growth because of the equipment business, which tends to get dinged because of Eastern Europe. So ironically, equipment business was – grew, I think Aldo said, low single-digits. So it's somewhat of a drag from a volume point of view, but from a margin point of view, because in my remarks, I talked about that new aligner, the V2400, hey, that's a great product and it's selling very well and it's a great margin generator for us. So what you saw from an equipment business actually was a little bit of drag on RS&I revenues, but a boost on RS&I margins, because of the aligner business, because it helps you understand RS&I a little bit more. But we don't see, actually we don't see, at least in my interactions from the market. So logically or at least in talking to market we don't see much pressure and then empirically, we don't see it in our numbers as pressure either.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: ...but I can just say that that business is bigger for equipment -bigger than for equipment than anybody else, because – and it becomes a historical thing. We made better inroads in Eastern Europe and the Middle East than almost any of our other businesses. And so it has been particularly impacted by this particular downturn and in this particular set of economic dynamics. Now, we have other – we're not mourning or wringing our hands over that, but when you start slicing the corporation down into pieces, that you start to see it a little bit more like it comes out in RS&I.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Well, first of all, I'm not abandoning the idea we're selling for the shops. I think we still have a lot of runway in terms of, what I would call, the downtown diagnostics, the things that will stand up and tell your fortune, the higher level ones that a shop would buy and might have one or two of them in the shop. We still have a lot of runway in that area, so – and it's a very important product line for us. And, in fact, we feel pretty positive about the possibilities and the opportunity for that opportunity, but I think what you say is very true. We now know that more and more of the repair activities in a shop are going to require diagnostics. I think I said possibly on the last call that roughly 40% of repairs require diagnostics today, and the new cars 80% of the repair. So you can see how that's going to go as new cars roll into the marketplace. And so maintenance techs as opposed to the repair techs, guys who do oil changes and battery changes, and just tune up the cars are going to have to use diagnostics to do these kinds of things to reset some of the parameters that they start with, that they change when they make these changes. And so we'll be looking to sell diagnostics, those things. That's the purpose of the ETHOS Tech. So you would expect that that would add a boost to that. But I would still say, I would still say – let's not talk of 4% to 6%, I would still say that if you look at the long-term sort of over the horizon opportunities for our businesses, I would rank C&I with the critical industries and the emerging markets as the highest growth opportunity. It's got unbounded opportunity. If you look at – I would say, this particular one sits in the middle. And then the Tools Group, we've been able to wield that model better and better reach more technicians, but at the end of the day, it is bounded. So I'd put them in those pieces. Now maybe you might (43:58) between the 4% to 6% number, but I – for our overall business, but I still see RS&I in that middle, in middle.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Really, what I'm saying – let me just try to clarify. When I said 4% to 6%, I meant generally we can grow at that level. If you want to look at the Tools Group, we said it'd be at the bottom. We can grow at that level, roughly double GDP, without necessarily coming up with things that would make our models more powerful. We could capture more customers, we could add more – no accelerators. Now, you see what happened in the Tools Group, we got accelerators on top of that breaking through the barriers of space and time. I was just on a techno – I just said I was on a techno van, we talked about that. We always – we always thought about that, well, it saves time. And what it does is both the Rock N' Roll cab and the techno van save time for the franchisees, because when the franchisee rides in parallel with these vans a couple times a year, it's like a training seminar. Because the guy who's running the van is an incredible salesman, and it saves our franchisee from going to a training center – seminar to learn how to sell tool storage or to learn how to sell diagnostics. And that's one of the reasons why the sales are up, we not only added to the retail space, but we also boosted the capabilities of our franchisees. That's why same-store sales have been up greater than 6% 20 of the last 21 quarters, that's the kind of effect. So I think if we keep discovering ways to do that, we'll beat that 4% to 6%.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Look, China is – I would see China through Tiananmen. you got to remember. So I was there when – I remember going to the hotel, The Shanghai Hilton and I stayed there three days, I never saw another guest. And three months before that, it was like going to the gold rush. So you see a lot of variations in China, I think this is quite normal. You're seeing some variation, but nothing that would affect my view of the long-term trajectory. I see opportunities for us. The repair ways will rise, we will take advantage of it. The shape of that advantage, we have to figure out going forward; that's really our situation. Of course, Asia is now – I think it's correct and popular to say that Asia is varying and it is. You see variations in India, Modi isn't catching on quite a bit. You see Indonesia coming back actually. Japan is actually getting a little better. We had a pretty good – we had a reasonable quarter in Japan. Korea came back, even though MERS has given us some problem, we had a good quarter in Korea. So you have variations, but nothing that interdicts the long-term view. And I spend six weeks a year there.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Sure. Actually, we have no worry about, I think, the margins in that regard. I mean, it's the geography, it's the P&L geography. I think, you saw in Aldo's discussion again on C&I how – I think, gross margins were down 70 basis points and we made it up on SG&A, well it was SG&A up 170 basis points. And what's – the principle component of that was the geography of certain big players, and Asia-Pacific is one of them, lower gross margin, lower SG&A, but OI margin kind of on track for what we like to do, if you adjust for that forward investment. So we feel okay about that. I think we continue to be confident in that regard.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I don't think it's anything in the market, I think it's – look – I think – actually, I think we hit a bonanza this quarter and you know what we did? We actually took power tools and garbed them in the 95th anniversary colors. And remember me talking about the box, how people like, signed up for this $10,000 box to put, in effect, a shrine to our corporation in the workplace. Well, if you offer it to them at a couple hundred dollars, they're even more enthusiastic. So part of what we're seeing there is this kind of push. We put the – our half inch pneumatic impact, which is a popular product, but we garbed it in the 95th anniversary or the cordless ratchet or our air hammers, things like that, or our cordless impact, and those have become popular. I don't think it's a special demand thing. I think power tools are kind of people – they wear out, people buy them periodically and it's like a new car, you show up with a new color and especially 95th anniversary colors for Snap-on is a collector item and it's a particularly compelling color. And so they like that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Sure. We had a good quarter – this happens every quarter. We have variations because we have six or seven critical industries in that area. This quarter, we happen to have a good – we had good progress in aviation, heavy duty – the heavy duty sector was strong for us, railroads were strong, oil and gas was weak. I think – but actually, I'm not so sure, last time it was up against the wind. And I think, for us, we're just starting to penetrate these areas. So they're not so driven by the economics as they are, when you're just starting to penetrate, you can get quite a variation from quarter to quarter, that's the kind of thing we saw. We saw some flatness in things like mining, stuff like that. But, generally, that's the – military was up double-digits. We kind of expect C&I to keep – the idea of extending to critical industries to keep going, to keep moving. Now, I don't say it happens every quarter. I mean, this is a great example. I mean, I say every second quarter that we feel very good from a C&I – we feel very good right now about our Commercial & Industrial trajectory, we feel very good about our Tools trajectory, we feel very good about our software and diagnostics trajectory. But that's the trajectory – and without giving – I'm not warning anything or saying anything about – third quarter's always squirrely. I mean we have vacations in the third quarter and so on. So you can't tell what sectors will be going in and out, because we have our franchisees going on vacations sometimes usually in the third quarter, Europe is on vacation. So it's hard for me to predict it for every quarter. But I can tell you, we feel very encouraged by the trajectory. And I'm not in any way trying to say that we're going to have a tepid third quarter or anything like that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Yeah, it's all of those. Look, I think what's happened in the Tools Group is in the quarter – as you know, we focus on quarters, but the limited information – the limited indication of what's going on in the Tools Group though has been doing this for some time now. Like I said, the numbers are something like this, what, 11.2% this quarter organically, 12.9% the quarter before that, 11.8% the quarter before that, 6.2% the quarter before that, 6.6% the quarter before. So they're kind of – they've been growing at 6% plus for, as I said, 20 of the last 22 quarters in effect almost defying GDP gravity. And so they're learning, they've learned. This management team has been in a while. They're learning how to wield this capable, tremendous model even better, things like the Rock N' Roll cab, the TechKnow Express, learning what products, learning the power of garbing the power tools into the 95th anniversary, figuring out how to do that, figuring out how to do – that's the things that are occurring. And that when you marry it up with RCI, that allows you to do these things more effectively, allows you to drive profitability upwards as well as volume. One other thing is that – I think I've said this is that – one of the things that works for us, kind of a tailwind in a way is that we're a company that has complex product offerings, 65,000 SKUs and we keep turning out more, because we try to solve everybody's – we try to solve a wide array of problems well the idea of modern technology, 3D printing, finite element analysis, X-ray diffractometers that allows you to look more accurately at the metallurgy, the kinds of things we get out of – more accurately getting the information out of customer connection into the mark – into our innovation process; those kind of things accrue with amplified advantage to somebody who has a complex product line, you're seeing some of that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: It's 10%. And the growth was – well, it depends if you talk about Eastern Europe as emerging markets, right. Eastern Europe.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Right. Okay, so I mean. Yeah, okay, if you want to roll that in, it ain't so good but the thing is Asia-Pacific grew double-digits. So you can look at it that way. I think – we actually have some businesses that weren't so bad in Eastern Europe, but, generally, it was an element of pain this period. And I – so I think you could call that an offset. Asia, okay. Asia, okay. Middle East, if you want to call that emerging market, that was kind of weak. South America was okay, Chile was up, Argentina was up. So you kind of got a balance there, a cocktail of things. So let me just summarize. Asia-Pacific double-digits. I think South America, the South – the Latin American countries, the bigger ones for us were up more – kind of double-digity type stuff. Eastern Europe tough, down. And Middle East, down. So that's where we are. And you roll it all up, when you classify something reasonably, a rational man would classify as emerging markets 10% of our business.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I agree. You're right. Actually, I agree. I think we have great opportunities. And the thing I've said is, the way we measure the effectiveness of our innovation process, one of the measures is the number of hit products, $1 million sellers in the first year of after first year of being on the market. And I think you and I have been in this conservation that we were four, five – in the last couple of years, we were four times, five times what we were just in 2006 and we keep pushing that envelop. It's not so much – I think we're getting better at doing that. It's not so much a number counting game it's getting better and they're having more impact and they're driving more sales and they're doing better things. Like – just like, I'll tell you what, it sounds like not so important. But the idea of the combo ratcheting wrench that will have a low profile, 25% more – 25% more strength, 95% more life, will get in smaller spaces, that one is going to be a great product for us, and people are so excited about it. People are saying that's the kind of thing we're – so I think we're not only bringing out a lot of them, bringing out better ones, because the whole product development process, we're more effective at it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Sure. Because we love this thing. I mean, if you think about it, okay, autonomous driving. The thing is that – if they go to autonomous driving, there used to be an incredibly – before autonomous driving, there would be an incredibly complex computer system for any imprecisions on the car, that was called the human brain. Think about alignment for example, if the car was a little bit out of alignment, you could adjust the wheel a little bit. Now, if you have autonomous driving, let's say automatic parking, you better not be out of alignment, you're going to hit the parking meter. And so that's going to require many more procedures and more precise procedures and we're the company to give it to you. So we love those kinds of actions. And so we're thinking about it, particularly around anything around calibration very much helps you. And that's sort of the equipment business – that's why we're so excited about the new V2400 aligner, because it's kind of a downtown aligner which creates more accuracy and therefore fits right into this.
