Aldo J. Pagliari: C&I number x Europe, I don't know if we've given that in the past. I think we gave it Southern Europe in the past, I'm not sure we have that or interested in giving that or will give that at this time. If you want to call back later maybe we...
Aldo J. Pagliari: Mike, this is Aldo. It really reflects a higher pace of growth in the Snap-on Tools Group. We do like to work closely with the Tools Group, it's one of the advantages of having a captive finance company. So the Snap-on Credit Corporation works intimately with them to design programs that encourage greater levels of participation. So what I think you see is that we've had a more rapid of ramp-up of originations in the Snap-on Credit Company, reflecting really increased financial health and commercial health of the franchisee network, and that spills over into their customer base. And I think that's why you see some increased performance in the Tools Group itself, and Snap-on Credit also participates in like fashion.
Aldo J. Pagliari: Again, Richard, Aldo. I'll answer that as best I can. I think the growth in the portfolio, as envisioned, is mostly on the extended credit portfolio side, which is the bread and butter of what we do. It makes up 81% of what we do today. And I think the lion share of the growth beyond where we're at right now, the additional $125 million, I think we see on the slide that $95 million or so come -- or 77% of those, still come from extended credit. So again, that's catering to the mechanic as an end customer via the franchise network. What you hinted at, there will be some of it that's called -- what we call the leasing, when shop owners -- it's a small piece of what we do, it makes them about 4% to 5% of the Snap-on Credit portfolio today as leasing activity. When the shop owners sometimes needs financing, they will sometimes consider Snap-on credit as a source. But that's a little bit of a different credit profile, different bit of a mix and therefore, they have other alternatives available for them, they have -- can have local banks that might be available for them as a source of funds, as well as Snap-on Credit as well as other leasing companies. So to answer your question if shops expand, that does create an opportunity for Snap-on credit to grow, but the lion share of the growth that we're talking about is just the increased participation of our activity with mechanics as end customers.
Aldo J. Pagliari: I think as a ratio, Gary, the best I can determine, let's say you're in the 6% range, if you look at what percent of revenues that they tend to generate, you'll see good drop through. The biggest expense that flexes as you grow the portfolio is really the provision for bad debt. As you grow the portfolio, you have to have -- anticipate bad debt expense that goes along with that. To me that's the biggest variable expense. Of course, there's underlying structural additions you look at. And we always look ahead to will it be increased costs of compliance. So there's some variables out there on the horizon, and we don't really give guidance around it. But it's a pretty scalable organization, but you don't have to have lots of incremental [ph] costs to grow.
Aldo J. Pagliari: I'm looking at 6%, if you look at the top line more or less, if you look at where you're at. The financial expenses run in the order of about $50 million, $51 million, I believe, they were on a full year basis this year. So that's about -- that'll grow a little bit going forward. The biggest variable expense is really a provision for bad debt expense.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: The thing to do, if you -- what I will tell you is this, Europe breaks down pretty much like this. If you look at our businesses in Europe, we have Southern Europe and Southern Europe is down further than it has been in the past, 15% to 20% now. And so that is particularly right down the center of C&I. This time, we have an impact on the Equipment -- we have the Equipment business, which is down in Europe Now I'm not sure if that's economy related or just 1/4 motion, because the Equipment business can be a little lumpy. And last year, there was a couple of shows in Europe that made it difficult, and that made the comparisons difficult. But the rest of Europe for us is up 2% to 3%. Now that's softened from where we were. If you pull out -- I suspect if you pull out everything out of all the European businesses out of C&I, you're talking about a 5% to 6% to 7% growth in C&I, so you're still seeing a pretty robust business if you take Europe out of it. Now I will call your attention to, if you weren't on the call, the big pieces that's very strong in C&I is the Industrial business, and we've been mentioning that our runway for growth and in critical industries has been open for us. And in the past quarters, it's been masked by the military activity going down. But this quarter, with the military activity comparisons being a little softer on a year-over-year basis, that business grew by double digits. So in balance, you have C&I down, you have C&I impacted by Europe but still growing in our 4% to 6% range, so let's say at around this 5% to 6% range without Europe.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Would you think less of me if I admitted to not knowing the Thailand number at this time. But if you want to call in, we may have it. I think our business is reasonable in Thailand but a kind of secondary market. The big markets in Asia are India, China, Japan, Indonesia, Philippines. Thailand would be in the second level around Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand. I think you're right. I think there is opportunity for it to grow there. We have a good share. We have a reasonable position, at least in the, I guess, top end of the market.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think one quarter does not a whole trend make. So I wouldn't get -- I don't think we get excited about any of our businesses, particularly about one quarter or another. I think you can't draw any conclusions, big conclusions from one quarter. But I'll say this, the Tools Group, we have said for a long time that they have to deal with a certain fixed space, the technicians in the United States. But then we have also said very quickly that our vans call on only a subset -- fully enabled, our vans only call on a subset of that space because they've just -- it's a productivity issue. They only have so many hours in the week, because they have to call on these people every week. And if we can enable them with RCI, then volume will accrue. And that's what's been happening. You're seeing RCI flow through the vans. Now is it going to happen at 9% every quarter? I don't know. I can't comment on that. But I think what you're seeing in the robust quarter is a combination of things, but one of the major factors is the effect of that van network being more robust, being more productive and therefore, capturing more sales of those technicians and calling on more of them.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: We believe the markets are coming back. What you see in the restructuring is simply the effect of RCI rolling through that business so we can do our target with less.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, we might. Jim, we might have closed -- we didn't close any big operations or anything like that or rationalize the distribution. We're just -- I think this is what I would call aggressively RCI-ing the business.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Both, Jim. I think that if you're looking at the 10%, that's the easier comps. When you go back and you look at the trend of RS&I, I mean the growths were 11%, 7%, 9%, 6%, 4%, 8%. so you saw it coming off the easier comps. And in fact, some of those businesses were slower to come back than others. So you saw that rolling through the business. Rolling through that sector. What you saw in the fourth quarter was fundamentally the equipment business being a little bit off the boil. And I don't -- and a lot of it's in Europe and we're not sure how to interpret that. I'm not willing to say it's economic-related, I just think we do see from time to time lumpiness in the Equipment business. So the 2.4% in organic and RS&I in the quarter, yes, it's below what we would normally expect, but not I would call what I'd say concerning to us or alarming.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: So let me clarify that for a minute, if I could. The one thing, the one clarification that as I said, I think, in the last point is that Europe Equipment business had in itself a noneconomic tougher comp because it has every other year's show cycles and so therefore, there's some of that flowing through this business. So all things being equal, we would have not expected as robust the fourth quarter out of RS&I because of this. Now I'm not saying that accounts for all of this, but that's a factor.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, let me just speak to that a moment. First, I think it's just -- I think the most -- I guess, the most informative way to look at C&I is not necessarily gross margin, because what you have flowing through that is you have business mix, for example, as some of that. I'm not saying it's the whole effect but I'm saying some of it, it gets distorted by the fact that when Asia-Pacific grows, Asia-Pacific is, by definition, a low gross margin business and a low OE business, still as profitable from an OI business. So that tends to reek a little bit of distortion, Richard, on that gross margin line. So if you roll over to OI which is still down, 140 basis points or something and you say, "Okay, 90 basis points of that is restructuring," you're still down 50 basis points -- what's wrong, what's the problem. And the problem is Europe, you put your finger on it. And in Europe, there are 3 things going on. One is Southern Europe is down again and you may not have heard this, but I've said this on the calls before, for us, Southern Europe was our highest profitability and margin business. So there is a mix question as Southern Europe shrinks further for us on a year-over-year comparison basis. That creates some impact. Then there is the question of -- they have a cocktail of currencies, they source from a number different places on renminbi and the Argentine peso and a number of different places. And those things turn somewhat favorably, so that's some impact. And then, which I think is the more interesting view is, we have in Europe what we're calling a stimulus program where we focus on places where we think we could gain with customers by having programs that attached a little bit more effort, a little bit more support, a little bit more price support. And those kinds of things impact as well. It worked for us in the recession in the United States. We had a stimulus program that targeted places where we thought we could advance our position, and that's what we're playing out in Europe. So those are the 3 factors that have tended to pretty much move that OI margin down. Now are we going to get back? I think that's the intent over time, but I'm not saying that -- I don't think you can say, "Look, we made these restructuring actions in Europe, and that's going to fix the problem," because the problem in Southern Europe is frankly too deep to be fixed by RCI actions. Our whole structure in Europe is -- our whole view, approach to Europe is saying, "Look, we're watching our customers, we're watching our distribution, we're seeing our share and we believe this market's coming back. We think we'll be stronger than before and therefore, we're just preparing for that day because we think we can capitalize on that."
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I think that might be true. I think you'll be entitled to that assumption. It certainly happened in the United States as people -- as new car volumes go down. People hold on their cars longer and that drives more repair, so that would be one tailwind we would see. Now remember when we're talking about Europe, we're less auto-centric than we are in the United States, but that's what still give us a boost, because we have our automotive business in Europe. And the way we structured that wouldn't all come out of C&I. We've seen some of it in Tools, we've seen some of -- that phenomena you're talking about, we've seen some of it in Tools, we've seen some of it in RS&I and so on, but it would be a clear tailwind for us.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: But I think you're -- I just want to add to that. I think you're right about an underlying sort of macro in there. And that generally, in markets we have seen, one of the great things about being in critical industries in automotive repair is critical tasks. And automotive repair is one of those, is they tend to move upwards as the world facilitized. For example, you mentioned new cars and so on, but new cars, the new car market in the United States, has been up or down. It's $9 million, $10 million, I think $17 million. And despite that, cars have gotten older every year since 1980. So the idea of the repair and demand keeps going upward, and I think that is just an underlying trend that says, "Okay, there are going to be more shops." There's going to be more demand for repair, and in fact, when you look at the statistics about the average household spend on automotive repair, it's going up. It went up again last quarter and it's been going up pretty much regularly every quarter for a long time. So you're correct at putting your finger on one of the great driving points behind these macro driving points behind this businesses.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think -- I don't think we're going to see it move up that much. We have 3,400 -- depends on the geography in the United States, we have 3,467 now that moved a couple in the past few years. You might see some increase, but our play -- I think the play about numbers of franchisees is not there. What will happen, we believe, is efficiency. One, franchisees, the individuals will reach more customers, they call on 800,000 now, there are 1.3 million in the United States. They can call on more. It's a productivity issue. It's what I said before. Two, we have turnover, and it's an all-time low, but it's still about 8% a year. So you do the math and you figure out how many turnover, a couple -- 300 a year. And our ability to fill them quickly has to do with our ability to serve the market. So we get better every quarter at filling those things, and that adds capacity, even within the same number of shares. So the effect for the Tools Group is more around productivity for the vans themselves, that's the growth place. And our productivity internally, where we could be more efficient and popping somebody in when they're ready to retire.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I hate to comment on the South of Europe because I seem to be -- I remember I was on one of these calls one time and I think I said I thought it bottomed out, and that turned out to be misinformed. So that was a long time ago. But we're not -- we don't give guidance, but I can say I don't think we're seeing any sea change, what -- we're seeing kind of the same stuff that we saw. And the interesting thing about Europe is if you look at it, it's kind of the same characteristics that we saw before, it's just that it generally weakened. The South is worse and then for us, the North was better and the Middle was kind of middling and that kind of thing, but we're not seeing any, I would say, any implosion or something like that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: We haven't mentioned it. We haven't mentioned it. It becomes so specific as, I think, being difficult. You kind of have to look at a particular shop and a particular product. I mean, some of them are things like let's take in an aligner, for example. It's hard to measure the idea that -- what the productivity return will be if I can have the aligner run by anybody in the shop as opposed to a specific aligner tech. And that's the kind of thing that happens. And also though, it happens faster and so on. So we have a number of those things, but they're very specific to the shop condition because as an example I just pointed out, if you have an aligner tech, a specific aligner tech and some shop have had them and you bring in the aligner, was one of our new aligners and anybody can do it while you can in fact, redeploy that aligner tech and you get great productivity. But if you're a shop that didn't use aligner techs and kind of muddle along without them, then it isn't quite as much a productivity improvement or as dramatic a productivity improvement. So it really depends on the particular situation. Now if you wanted to go to a garage and look at them, we could probably take you through the elements of that in the specific situation. I think that would be more effective.
