Nick Pinchuk: I think the story of the Tools Group is they took the COVID. And if you look at the endpoints, they're unaffected, what I mean, if you look at the endpoints are pretty good. And I think part of it is, sure they got shocked, and they had to accommodate, but they came back. And that's really the story of the corporation. But if you want to talk about recovery, I think, certainly in the third quarter, we had some recovery, we're coming out of those deep days of the virus in the end of the first quarter and second quarter. Fourth quarter, it's harder to judge that. We think the expanding capacity and the impact of the new products coming out of the SFC drove things. Now, you can step back and look at one other thing is that, if you attempted to think about that, realize that sales of the VAN kind of matched of, and sales of the van were up, significantly more than the sales to the VAN in the year. So I would say things are kind of chugging along, we can talk about what's up and down and so on. We think the Tools Group is in good shape. We think its product is where it is. And that's why I spent time on the discussion talking about expanding the capabilities of our franchisees because we said that there are two boundaries to the Tools Group, it's time and space. And we think we broke them through some of the time.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, significant more than Tools Group. If you look at the full year, of the VAN was more than to the VAN, and in the better, it changes from month-to-month, but generally kept pace even in the best course, best periods.
Nick Pinchuk: That haven't changed, I think we get, let's take one step at a time and get back to where we want to be. We said we're 46% growth and will grow as a corporation, the Tools Group at the bottom of that. It’s a great profitable business. We think it's positioned for growth. We'll just take that one quarter at a time, but we're feeling good.
Nick Pinchuk: Hand tools was stronger, which is one of the great things we're innovating in hand tools. This is an interesting that in a complex environment like this hand tools and we've seen it forever hand tools are a great business. But the big ticket items continue to go it's particularly diagnostics, this particular quarter were nice and strong. But it's also a tool -- and Tools Group is up. But in any kind of environment coming out of the difficulty, like we saw in the financial recession, people take a little time to fully get into psychological recovery, and they're willing to pay for, or invest in longer payback is. So you're seeing that coming along.
Nick Pinchuk: No. So, I don't want to get into that. I don't want to start another reporting number for myself. But the sales of the van were up strong double-digits.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, okay. And that that followed month-by-month. So we're not seeing any sale off necessarily. We like the momentum.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay I will you that, I tell you. One of the things, I talked about the sales of that information and diagnostic store repair shop owners or managers and independent shops, and one of the cornerstones of that lately is in Mitchell 1 is the ADAS software, which allows people to deal with difficulties of programming and understanding what's wrong with when you have a bridge in the advanced driver systems and as cars go to more autonomous this is even going to bigger. And so that Mitchell 1 has been one of the solid ones. If you go back and look at it, that segment has that portion has been pretty solid throughout the COVID. And that's one of the things driving it is the demand for these products. If automakers were going to go to highly automated cars, I kiss them tomorrow, because our business gets even better because precision is needed. And that's evidence of it.
Nick Pinchuk: I didn't actually say double-digit just to be clear. I don't think we could read. Sometimes I say things I don't remember. But certainly I don't think I said at that time. Look what here is the thing, you like to ask that question. Of course, that originations are divorced in time from what we sell to the VANS. And so what we're talking about is selling to the VANS. And so you have that divorce. But like I said, our hand tools are stronger in this quarter than others because people haven't been investing in big ticket items as much. But the big ticket items are still up diagnostics was strong. And diagnostic is kind of a mix, it doesn't all go to EC, they increasingly because as the franchisees get more well heeled, they often use them on revolving accounts, sort of put them on their 15 week deal or they may stretch it a little bit. They don't go to EC. So we get a mix of those things. So if you're trying to figure out where origination is going to go, you have time displacement. And you have the split of EC between RA I mean, but diagnostics between RA and EC, and then you have tool storage on top of that. So it would be fair to say though, that, as I said before the overall big ticket items wasn't as robust as the overall tool sales.
Nick Pinchuk: No, I don't think so. We don't think that look, here's the thing. I think I'm saying this, I think if it lines up perfectly, the sales off the truck and to the truck kind of line up, all right. In fact, maybe for the full year, the sales off the truck are higher. So there's an inventory shrink, I guess, in macro. And secondly, what I'm saying is sales to the truck are more weighted to smaller ticket items, because people invest in the shorter paybacks in these times. But that doesn't mean that the big ticket Mullingar diagnostics was strong. We like diagnostics, but I'm not giving a total number.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, it's kind of immaterial, really, because, the extra week is between New Year's and Christmas. And you got holidays and you got people relaxing and those periods so it doesn't really make much difference. It might be I think, actually, we in OpCo anyway, we lose money in that week. So at the expenses, and we don't have much sales.
Nick Pinchuk: This happens, whatever, this happens every year the same way. We don't have that week, but that week is the same every year.
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know. Look, I think one of the reasons is, of course, the Tools Group is much more heavily direct. And so because we're selling direct through our franchise, we're selling with our franchisees, we're out there travel and services, I mean, the normal years, and so we're out, we're kind of forward placed in tools more than others, so we like to be in the other places. So you would expect that to be a more target rich situation, especially in a situation with travels restricted in. And as far as going backward, I don't know, I think if your any operating business, you're feathered back these operations, you want to go out reach people when the sky is clear. Your guess is as good as mine. When the sky is clear, and you're going to work, they're going to be feathered in. I don't know if it will I doubt if it will all come back. But some of it will come back. I can't give you any guidance on it, though, really? Because we -- we're going to play it period-by-period.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, look miles driven. Everybody makes a big deal about miles driven. But we never see motion, miles driven short-term. I don't think it plays out what we've learned is, since we've had over the last few years put a bigger in collision, it plays out in the collision business. So you're very right. I mean, collision is down significantly as an industry year-over-year. And we see that and you're seeing it that in our equipment, numbers that isn't in the Tools Group numbers so much. You might see some garages, the odd, the garages we visit, but isn't a big factor in that situation. Miles driven, I think it's not so much the short-term, but we think longer term, it's going to start going up and that going to be more cars, because people are going to go to individual vehicles, who wants to get on a subway, how many people want to live in a 47 -- work in a 40 storey building in the future? Maybe you guys I don't know. But I think there's going to be a motion a reversal of that we saw that in China. So we see car ownership and miles driven in a long way of getting better. And that drives our business what that means for us in 2021, unclear, but we think its opportunity. Now we think it's opportunity in the longer term, we're going to play out quarter-by-quarter, what I will tell you is we feel good about the momentum we've had going through the year, closing out the year. We feel good about that. We feel good about how our products are being received. We feel good about the efficacy of our software in the complex business. We feel good about the idea that our VAN drivers have more time so that's what I would say.
Nick Pinchuk: Actually income is up. But wages, I'll say that, I'll say the wages are up trailing 12 months and year-over-year in November, we will be less logistic. So, you view that from which you will but it’s up a couple 3%. So the wages are up nicely, so the technicians aren't suffering and they think, I've talked to several franchisees yesterday, and they all think positive about their customer base. So that's pretty good. And we had our kickoffs and I zoomed in to the watch parties in Pennsylvania, in Florida and Iowa and in New York, and they were all positive about their customers. So I think the technicians are being affected. In fact, maybe they're doing better.
Nick Pinchuk: Here is what I'll tell you, is that we're involved in that. We think that's an opportunity for us. And of course, we're working on that and for in listing people in career and technical education. And what we do is we establish Snap-On education sector is down, but we think it's been a boon for us, because we've been investing in education, and our number of certified centers, the education centers that offer Snap-On certification programs increased 33% in 2020 from 133 to 177. So we think we're in good shape in that situation. So I think technicians are going to come I think people are working on it. I'm particularly kind of optimistic about the President because his wife, Dr. Joe Biden is in technical education. So I think it'll get a good focus.
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know, maybe you'll never know, I don't think we're seeing that. I haven't heard that anyway. 
Nick Pinchuk: What does happen though, is as our franchisees get more flush they tend to reach up. Franchisees are healthier. And they tend to reach up into the lower end of the what we would call bigger ticket items, particularly in a diagnostic segment. So the big hitter, one of our baby boomers is the Apollo D9 and it's kind of for the everyman technician in the middle of the range. And that's the thing that really did well in the quarter. And that one can be financed by a technician, by a franchisee. So maybe we're seeing some of that, and that one we introduced, I think at the SFC, it gets rolling out we gave demonstration units. It's outselling its predecessor by about 25% in terms of activations and so it's looking pretty good. So maybe that heading this, but I just want to caution that it's hard to reconcile in the end period, originations with what sales we have to the van that's another factor. There are a bunch of factors that are dislocating in that way. Over time, it should be directionally.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think, look, I think vehicle I think our markets are overall strong, they're critical repair in particular being they're critical. They're critical. And they're essential and particular vehicle repair that underpins our critical mobility in the nation. But, and I don't really like to talk about market share, but what I'll tell you is, my franchisees are telling us that I said in my speech, that we are benefiting from being there through thick and thin. We were there every day in almost every day in the pandemic, anytime anybody would meet us, our guys were out there safely. And that has accrued to us. So for that turns into market share, I guess you can interpret it how you will.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look our international business is not fully equal to the U.S. business in aviation critical industries, but it's a reasonable comparison. This isn't like $300,000 and we doubled it to 600. That's not it. So generally that business I think, broad aviation is enough to bring aviation in total sort of up. So I mean, it's a good business. All I can say is go figure. Where we're getting. I guess it's a credit to the quality of our tools, the importance. Now remember, one of the things we've done in industrial that has got us, I think, got great popularity is we're leaning more and more on this customized kits. I talked about it, that’s in Europe, and we were banging those customers. It was gangbusters on a customized kits for the last several quarters and we are expanding capacity in that. In fact, that's one of the investments next year we're looking at to expand our capacity and customize kits and international aviation is part of it.
David MacGregor: Help me understand, why the spread between tools segment organic growth and the origination numbers is again this quarter in the mid-teens. And you called that diagnostics, being strong, I think you may have even said double-digits. So I'm really struggling to understand that, but…
David MacGregor: Sure. I mean, you call that sell through off the truck in the fourth quarter up double, I think there you did say up double-digits, and it was a strong and…
David MacGregor: And the strong cadence through the quarter. I mean, on the surface, when you see that greater disparity between organic growth and tools in the originations number, it would look like there was an inventory build on the trucks.
