Nick Pinchuk: Well, we don’t like to give away the secrets that we’re going to rollout say at the SFC or so because we like to electrify the people who go there. I just talked to our franchisee in California who said, he likes to get the fever when he goes on the floor. So we want to have that, but look, our thermal imagers are still selling well. That still got legs, that’s the new category that’s going well. Overall in the Tools Group, the diagnostics category was up, I think mid single digits in the U.S. The U.S. numbers, have those. So if that was in part of that statement raise, and even in that we saw a destocking so it would have been up bigger without what we perceived to be destock, so you have that and then you have the ETHOS, which is the next level. We keep refreshing the platform. Remember, there are four levels of platform. ETHOS, for the entry-level tech; SOLIS for the guy who kind of worked on breaks, and there’s a whole bunch of the other little bit, more sophisticated jobs; MODIS for the guy who really works on the more complicated jobs and VERUS for the guy who works on those things that only happen on money. So we rolled out the ETHOS and we’re doing out some new wrinkles in the SFC, but the ETHOS has just come out, very early days. We have it in the script here, but that’s only been selling for a little while, but the first numbers are pretty good. It was up nicely in the second quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. One of the things that when we saw these results, I decided to talk to a bunch of franchisees. So in the last couple of weeks, I don’t know when we got the results, but I’d say a couple of weeks ago. Right away I met with guys from Illinois, Wisconsin, Indiana, rode some vans in Arkansas and Texas told the guys in New Hampshire, Florida and California and almost everybody said that the Rock ‘N Roll Cab had lost some of its excitement. So it’s a matter of – it’s not really the function, Liam, it’s having people get on the van and saying, oh this is something different, an experience. I want to get on the van and experience because that’s what they did before. So we’ll do stuffs like rapid differently with some of our new facilities. We’ll reorganize the tool boxes. We’ll try to put some more spiffier and stuff on in terms of the box as on the van. So I’d like to say, it’s a matter of this, when the technicians were getting on, they – they get feedback on them and they, think I saw this. Now some of the guys have bought because they look at the boxes, but other guys were kind of saying, I done that, so we’re going to try to make it a different experience, move around some of the floor plan, maybe kind of put on some a little better computer aid, things like that. So I think it’s really to change the – I want to say the cosmetics of it more than anything else, so people feel as though they’re getting a different experience.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look. I don’t think we want to get pinning down that variable, but what I’ll tell you is sort of like this. You think about it this way. Tool storage was down fairly significantly even off the trucks, but less so than we had, okay. So that’s why we say tool storage, the product line. We believe it needs to refresh. We need the marketing, the Rock ‘N Roll vans need something that helps and so we’re working on that. If you look at everything else, if you take everything else, like this, two type you are very familiar with this, it’s easy that the finance stuff and the RA stuff, the stuff that what we know is the stuff that the franchisee sells on his own credit like hand tools and power tools and shop and pack, and in some portions of diagnostics. That was up fairly significantly, towards the top of the ranges that we expect to see from the Tools Group. So we would have classified that it as a fairly robust quarter, looking at the sales off the van, that didn’t translate into our sales though. Our sales were quite mixed in those categories and a quite tepid. So what we – and you talk to the franchisees and what they said was it makes sense is that always July is the lowest quarter because people are getting ready. But what happened over the years is more and more the ordering is taking place in these burst. That doesn’t mean the second quarter becomes incandescent, but they’re taking place at these bursts and so I think they’ll be more aware of the need to kind of get ready for these orders. Last year, the orders in the SFC were up quite strongly in the before as well. So what’s happening is, is that they’re bleeding out – out of July into June, that’s what happened. We saw a significantly weaker tail end of June than we have seen in the past.
Nick Pinchuk: We make them pretty much every year, some kind of changes and I think since 2009 or 2010 we’ve made significant changes in most of the years, in a lot of years so that happens. What you do is you look at how people are performing. You say how is the business? How are the franchisees? Who are big active parts? You try to restructure the program so it guides them to get the best out of their opportunity, and that’s what we did. And so that had some initial impact because we identified some customers who are weaker and we said some of the franchisees are having some of the greatest results, and that’s where we strip them. So those franchisees would be focused on those guys and really couldn’t deal with them as much. Whereas other guys, we have lots of faith and we let them deal with that same category, that’s the restriking pretty much.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Look, I don’t know. Look, I don’t think we ever think we have easy comparisons. I think we kind of look – I mean, okay. The comparisons are easier, but they’re up 0.5%. This is the best second quarter ever in terms of sales. I mean, the increase wasn’t the best, and the profitability is the best ever. So I don’t think we think in those terms. I think the question is how you are going to restart, it’s clear to us that the primary factor in the sale slim situation in tools was tool storage. So first is product. Tool storage is among the most discretionary things. You’ve got excite people they got to want it, they got to aspire to have it. We’re working the SFC will come up in early August will be launching a whole bunch of new product that the SFC to try to roll people and excite them. We tried some of that in the second quarter, some of it worked and it wasn’t enough and then the tool storage and the van, the Rock ‘N Roll Cab, there are I think 67 of them. So what we will do over the next, say, quarter, we’ll be developing – in this quarter, let’s say, we’ll be developing possibilities for the new van. We’ll probably test some of them and then we’ll roll them out whatever works best. So it will be a test period, development period, a test period and then a rollout period. And you tend to roll them out, so you should start seeing some of that as, well, I don’t know, toward the later end of the year, things like that. But first is product. The first factor is product. First factor is product.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. I’d say that Snap-on should grow at 4% to 6%. I’ve said this for a dog’s age. That’s my range. So I’m talking to the end of that range. That’s the kind of thing we talk about, right? Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: Look, natural resources was up. Natural resources, in general, that sort of natural resource segment was up. International aerospace, which had been a laggard, was up. We’re very pleased to see that. Military, actually, was flat. I kind of viewed that – kind of flat, it was up a little bit. I kind of view that as a positive, Gary, because the thing is military, as you know, it’s kind of lumpy and it had been dominating our quarters. So actually, last quarter was sort of the same kind of thing, we had broad growth. This time with military, not as much a factor in the growth situation. And this time, the same thing was the case. So this was a very healthy quarter and you’re seeing acceleration in industrial. C&I’s numbers, if you go back and look at them, you’ll see that we threw, four quarters ago, 1.5%, 2.4%, 3% and 4.7%. So people, if you look at this, other people have looked at the segment and say, well, there’s some deceleration. Well, this is acceleration. And so that’s pretty positive, and the nature of that’s been pretty good. And industrial has been up higher than that.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. There’s a – I don’t want to short change some other factors in there. But if you look at the diagnostics, it’s a great tailwind. The increasing need for diagnostics to create repair, you know it as well as I do, is that 40%, 50% of repairs on cars today require diagnostic. But new cars, that’s all the cars 11.5-year-old average car fleet, but if you look at new cars it’s 80% of the repairs. So there’s an increasing demand. You hear it in the shops when you go around. We have the best goal alternatives. So you see our new products rolling out, exciting customers, solving their problems against the backdrop of their needs, that’s partially what you’re seeing, and diagnostics was up nicely in that quarter. But I wouldn’t want to short change Mitchell, which is a purely short, purely software business, which provides repair shop management and provide repair shop – repair information, our Sure Track database with the 1 billion record that only we have of repair, shortcutting repairs. That was up big in the – nicely in the quarter. So you take those two things, I think diagnostics is in – I mean, RS&I, in general, is in a situation where the tailwinds are only intensifying and where the best game in town.
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know. We didn’t refresh. We launched the tool storage vans and this is – you got the first – when you launch, you probably – I think it’s fair to say we had some periods where we’re adjusting. But really, they’ve been pretty much the same since we launched like five years ago.
Nick Pinchuk: So we haven’t had that information in this kind of fleet. We haven’t had this kind of fleet. This was a brand new idea. You remember I said it’s the kind of idea that came to the Tools Group guys. We thought it was brilliant. It accelerated tool storage sales. But now, it’s kind run out of mojo. Now we’re still generating some sales, but franchisees are telling me that what they used to generate is now half of what they generated when they get these guys in a route, so we need to pump them up. But this is why we have managers to figure this out, that’s what we do.
Nick Pinchuk: No. No, I think we try to – what happens is, Gary, we try to roll out new product at the SFC or the kickoffs every year. This year, we’re particularly energized to do it. So you can see sales, you can see ordering pretty quickly from the franchisees. I didn’t get a feeling for that pretty quickly at how good that worked. The question is, is it going to play out into the marketplace? So there are two levels, getting the franchisees interested and then having the technicians look at it and say, "Hey, I got to have that box. I already got a box, but I got to replace mine."
Nick Pinchuk: We’re doing more and we’re certainly going to do more in tool storage at the SFC this year than we have been in the past. So think about the SFC though, no matter how much the SFC orders are, remember, they’re ordering for like six months, so it doesn’t happen immediately, right? Okay. But we’re doing more. Sure, this is the whole thing. We think the product line is weak. If it’s not doing, we got to pump it up.
Nick Pinchuk: We don’t think it’s that. We think the credit is – while the destocking is something completely different. The destocking is, we think – I think I try to – this is my view, David, is that, look, and I think it’s our view here. There are two factors we’re talking about on the Tools Group, destocking and the weakness in tool storage. Destocking is a completely different thing. The destocking is there driven by the size of the orders that are occurring in the SFC and the feeling that our people want to clear the decks. This is happening in every product line, not just tool storage. So from our perspective, that’s not really a factor there. If you come back to the tool storage sales, you could argue – and I think I did say that it’s a tertiary effect, so we don’t believe it’s the primary driver. But re-striping had some initial effect on this, for sure, but we don’t think it’s the primary driver when we look at the numbers.
Nick Pinchuk: I think a couple of things are in there. The first is that if you go back and you look at our numbers, it’s not – if you look at our numbers by division, it’s not unusual to see that kind of growth. It isn’t necessarily directly proportional to the volume. I mean, we have RCI products and new products that rollout that are a lot more, a lot more capable and a lot more value, and therefore, higher margins as they rollout to the industry. So it really plays out how long those new products and how many new ones we rollout, and how effective they are. And then in this particular – so in this quarter, in that area, we have things like the PT850. I think I talked about it last time, our new half inch impact wrench, very, very popular product. In the atmosphere of tepid sales, that one sold very well, nice margins. I talked about the long handle ratchet’s that have the flex heads and were – gave great leverage and also gave great access, that sold better than – great margins. And these margins transformed our categories in terms of margins. What happened in the destocking in a lot of situation is some of the more standard and core product didn’t sell as much because they were products that we’re already on the van. And so that was, perhaps, lower margin so it’s skews the thing towards there. And then we had good leverage in the way our businesses were stronger internationally than they were in the U.S. and the compensation in the international is a little bit different. So we tend to get a little bit more leverage and drop through volume leverage out of the volume, so that’s what made for that. I think it’s hard to say what the sustainability is of this, but we believe, I’ve said this over and over and over and over again, that we believe we can drive margins up, absent volume increases. And if you look at our numbers, 19.9% ain’t chopped liver. It’s our highest ever. And so you go back and you look at this quarter, for example, this quarter is very similar to last 20 quarters, 9 quarters were similar to this and we grew 100 basis points or more. So I really believe maybe the 19.5% isn’t sustainable every quarter, but it’s an indication we can reach that level and we keep going off those levels, that’s our history.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, storage is down double digits. I don’t want to get confused here because I spoke probably for the first time on this call about sales off the van. Don’t get confused about sales off – I’m talking about our sales. Storage was down double digits. And so that played out into a different lower originations. But remember, in originations, originations are the franchisee sales. Their storage was down but not as much. And then you also have in that, you have other products like diagnostic units and other things like that so it’s hard to make that characterization. But I just thought tool storage was painful.
Nick Pinchuk: No. I think we’re always discussing the use of cash and we’ve always said, I think, that you have investment in your business and you have acquisitions and you have dividend, and of course share repurchase is part of that. So we always consider that in the context of the cash availability, the authorizations we have from the board and the attractiveness of the pricing.
Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think this, I think we’re going to see destocking through July then they’re going to come up to the SFC. This destocking, I don’t think – it wasn’t – I don’t think it was driven so much by people saying, I got too much inventory. It was driven more by the idea, that the ordering patterns are migrating toward big orders – more toward big orders at the buy, twice a year events. And they order these things because they, like I said, the franchisers get on the floor and they get the fever and are able to – for the first time, touch the product and they order the packages, they see the new product and they tend to order more and these things get delivered for like six, eight months after that. So the lower they are – the better – the more stabilized they are going into that, they’re starting to realize, the better off they’re to manage that six, eight month delivery pattern that they’ve signed up for when they go into these places. That’s was happening so there’s a little bit more ordering happening at the big events and less maybe on whatever the monthly events are. We have monthly events and so, I think, that’s what you’re saying. And because the SFC has been sold, I think that’s what I’m hearing because the SFC has been sold successful, people are bringing it down. I don’t think they’re thinking that, oh, I’m joking on inventory.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. The answer is for both of those. Look, I think we saw it some destock, but we’re kind of confident that – as the SFC rolls out, that inventory is going to be quite useful that’s we’re building toward. The RS&I business, hey, it’s smoking. It went well. I mean, the thing is in RS&I, in some cases, we can sell – we want to have inventory because we have quite good demand and even in the Tools Group, really. I mean, we sold – I believe, we sold every PT850 we could build this quarter. So I mean, the thing is you do have this kind of things, so we’re happy to have some inventory going to the SFC for that kind of thing.
Nick Pinchuk: No, no. We’ve rolled it out and it worked, but didn’t have enough effect. We rolled out a special call and we had a couple of split with top boxes, with the couple of minor changes. We did it as quick as we could because we – second quarter, we weren’t quite ready for it. So we rolled that out and it worked pretty well. It was a purple box. Now, we have a number of different things like different mechanisms for the box, different power configurations for different product lines, different in array of more colors that come out in like an SFC. So it’s a much more comprehensive thing.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, you’ll have – I think we have two months worth in this quarter. You’ll have three months then. On the other hand, you’re offsetting that. Anytime you make a change in credit, people tend to be take a little time to try to understand the new rules more with more clarity. This is just a fact. So I don’t know. You could because you got one more month. On the other hand, you’ll have people operating with more clarity. So I’m not so sure. In any case, we don’t expect the huge impact.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I can never comment. I hate to do that because many times, I’ve been humiliated by saying I thought that things were over, but look, we’re not – this is a very slim quarter for the Tools Group, but I know they’re going to work pretty hard to try to energize this tool storage business and we think the market is strong. So we’ll see how that plays out. I guess, I can’t make any predictions, but I think this is what we do. We revitalize products. We change marketing. This is the kind of thing that Tools Group does and over the years, we’ve been pretty good at it. So I’m confident in them. But I can’t make any predictions on a quarter-to-quarter basis. That’s difficult to say. I’m pretty confident. So that the Tools Group is over time is at – in that range of 4% to 6%, I’m very confident of that.
Aldo Pagliari: David it’s Aldo. I think you’re seeing that now when you look at the year-over-year differences in the rate of provision and the rate of charge-offs. And I don’t think that you’re going to see a decline in those rates, so to speak, but I don’t think you’ll see an acceleration either. And I think if you look since the started of the year, there’s been rather good amount of stability, so it’s rather cut them out. So the portfolio constituents are more or less where they’re at right now, I don’t see that changing very much. I think the franchisees are always adjusting as Nick suggested to the fact and circumstances that they face on the Street each and every day, but the portfolio losses right now are more or less stable throughout the year, at least year-to-date.
Aldo Pagliari: It’s a hard question to answer because you have a – you have the portfolio whose customer FICO scores are improving and the other half of the portfolio that actually might be a little bit less than improving. So if you look at the mix overall, the average FICO score of the portfolio has been rather consistent, but anything goes out, it changes overtime but not dramatically.
Aldo Pagliari: I think the guide holds, Bret, for this year we’re trending towards the low end of that range, so 90 is about a good target. The reason we have made a little bit the progress this quarter is every second quarter, we true up our pension calculations working with our actuaries. We got a little bit of good news and it’s accounts for most of the year-over-year improvement this quarter, when it comes to that. And then as you go forward, you don’t have the quite benefit of that one-time adjustment. So anyway, corporate expenses trend and may be more towards 90-ish.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes. I think the kind of level of charge-offs and provisioning we’re seeing right now will be reflective of what we’ll likely see in the second half. You never know what certainty, of course, but like I said, the movement among the credit companies portfolios have been rather stable at this point in time. So we will go back through the level of provisions and what we had a year or so ago, probably not. At the same time, I don’t see it accelerating.
