Nicholas T. Pinchuk: We think it is. Well, I don't know. Double digits I -- even though we've had a run of double-digits, David, I think I've been pretty consistent on these calls to say I'm not sure that kind of -- I would say, stratospheric -- growth can continue, but I think the strength in those places are pretty solid. The U.K. has improved substantially in the last, I would say, over the last couple of quarters and that is driving this. We've made great strides forward in terms of improving our product line and our relationship -- productivity with our franchisees there. Australia has been contributing quite well. And Canada has been very strong. We've actually spent a lot of time and a lot of focus, maybe off-camera a little bit, focusing on those areas and what you're seeing is the result of that focus, doing the same kinds of things adjusted for the -- that we did in the United States -- adjusted for the local market. So it’s a sum of Canada, U.K. and Australia all doing better.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. I don't think I can actually. But there clearly are 2 elements of it. One is we are, because of our new ways of marketing, able to sell more to the same customers. I think the idea of the traveling -- the idea of the Rock 'n Roll Cab Express, and I think we're at the end of the quarter, we're at 28, we're going to go upwards almost -- we're going to expand that quite a bit going forward and -- because they've been so successful. So that's clearly a kind of wrinkle on the Van business in allowing us to sell more to pretty much our existing customers. Then on top of that, as I've said often, we are calling on more customers because our vans are becoming more productive and our product line is becoming wider and appealing to them. I can't put those into buckets. And I hate to talk market share because it's a very imprecise exercise when you're talking about tools and you start to have such a wide universe of possible products, it's very difficult to describe. I do think though, we're making great gains in the Tools group now. It's clear, after 9 quarters of double-digits, the Tools Group team has got this businesses, which is one of the world's great businesses, I think. That team has got this business resonating.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think there's both of those things. I think we think they're buying it from us as opposed to possibly, other places. But there's both of those things. I mean, David, as you know, it's like a new car purchase. All of a sudden, we now have showrooms in the field as opposed to catalogs. And so that's generally it. You were buying the thing, they were buying the thing from more or less from a catalog and now, they have showrooms. And you can think about how that excites people and it wins customers and it also accelerates the buy from some people. I mean, I think that some people probably are buying toolboxes, already have Snap-on toolboxes, they see a new one, they say boy, I can't live without that one, I'm going to have it. And then the other people were competitors and they see what the quality offerings we have. And we believe we have some really great offerings that are superior to the competitors based on innovation and they're coming over to our side. But I can't tell you how much -- which is which.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't know. I mean, that will be too precise for -- I'm not smart enough to say that, I think. I think it's like this, I believe that every one we add gets more sales. At least as far as we can see now, that's why we're doing this, that's why we're doing it. But, but, but we'll keep doing it until we see diminishing returns, I believe. So far, we haven't seen anything in the way of diminishing returns.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sales were up. Sales were up mid single-digits. That's a component of our emerging market growth. Emerging markets are now about 10% of our business and critical industries are a significant piece of that. I'd say that -- let me see if I can help in this way. The C&I Group grew at about 4%, the emerging markets, which is about 10% of our total business, which is mostly in C&I grew close to double digits.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually let's -- for government work, the RS&I business looks sort of the same as last quarter in mix. Mitchell 1, the Repair Systems & Information business was up sort of right close to double digits. In fact, I think it was just over the double-digit boundary and that's the Repair Information business driven by what I call ProDemand repair information software. It's a new offering which has more information and the navigation is much simpler than anybody else's anymore. So it's a very attractive offering, combining state-of-the-art navigation with the best database available and people are lining up to subscribe to that. So that business has been growing pretty well and the diagnostic business -- and that happened last quarter, too, happened last quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Accelerate, I don't know. But I think we feel encouraged by our prospects there. I think we feel positive about our position looking at independent garages. The diagnostics business, I was going to say that's the handheld, the software, the hardware and software business, the laptops for cars grew at mid or high single digits. And those have been the same for a couple of quarters, give or take, a few basis points. So I don't know, I mean, we don't really give guidance but we feel good about our position.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Looks okay. I think it looks okay. I mean, that's one of the things we always watch. So I suppose the operative question is this, is that, are you seeing downturn in big-ticket which would precursor maybe a cooling off of everything? And I don't think we do. Now you might say well, do you have visibility because you've got this new marketing program and are you able to pierce the veil of the marketing program to see what's actually happening in what I call just a pre-demand type activity in the marketplace? And I think we can and I don't think we see a downturn.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, look, I think we've said in many forums that we expect to grow as a corporation, 4% to 6% organically. I didn't mean by that, that we would do it every quarter, although we have been able to do it most quarters. I think probably, almost all quarters -- but we feel confident of our ability to keep growing at that rate. I'm not saying we'll do it every quarter, I mean, that's not what I mean. But I mean, if you're talking about the trend, we feel okay about that. Yes, the comps get tougher, but they got tougher last year and the year before that and the year before that. So I don't think we're so worried about that. Now it's a challenge, but we're not wringing our hands over it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I mean, well, I don't think it leads to a smaller wallet but it might lead to people who have used up their capacity to, you might say, it's led to their people -- people to use up their capacity to buy. I don't think we've seen the bottom of that yet. I don't think we believe we've seen the bottom of that yet. But it's a reasonable point, as you lay out over distance, but what you have there is a couple of things. First is, is underlining this business, repair is a good solid business. Every quarter for a number of quarters, the household spending on automotive repair has been up. So the underlying demand is good. By the way, that's in independent shops and so our core customer is growing and getting more business, that's number 1. Number 2 is we keep -- the cars keep changing, we keep changing the products, they can see ways -- I was just out on a van on Monday, I was out on a van on Monday and you can see these guys talk to you. They say, gee could you get me -- it's like customer connection. You go there and they say, I need a special tool to help me pull this engine so I can do some work on it because this particular vehicle has some particular geometry, and if I do that, I can make more money. So part of the key here is every time they pay, every time they give us money, they make more money. So the more they spend with us, the better they -- the more money they make. So there's a kind of offset to the idea of the wallet reaches an end, that's 1. And not just from attenuation [ph] but 2, we have said that there are customers out there that we don't call on. Maybe they were Matco customers for a time, maybe they were Mac customers, maybe they were geographically undesirable, maybe they were in places that weren't target-rich and because we have more productivity and a wider product line, we are going to them and that's going on here too. So I'm optimistic about the Tools Group possibilities. Now, I'm not here to sign up for continuous double-digit growth though, in the Tools Group. I think I said, I'm signing up for 4% to 6% for the total corporation over time. We feel confident about this.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: They're starting to make me look dumb, aren't they? But I still say I like our other businesses. I like the opportunities of C&I to grow at the high end of that. I like RS&I, we're seeing a particular time when they are muted by Europe, 33% of C&I is in Europe, 17% of it is in Southern Europe. All right? And it's still growing at 4%. 25% of RS&I is in Europe and we got the OEMs kind of nervous and so we got this lumpy business. So I see the opportunities of those businesses to grow.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's tough. But I'll say this. For my money, for my money, there's no correlation between new car sales and our business. We don't see that, really. I think, to the extent that new car -- I suppose you could say that to the extent new car sales go down, we may see a slight burst. But generally, the thing is, in the U.K., as in the United States, what are new cars sales in the United States? This year they're forecasted at 15.2 million or something like that, well there's -- North America, rather. There are 300 million vehicles on the road. So new car sales are kind of like a blip in the after -- I think driving our aftermarket business anyway. So we don't really see it that way. It is true though, you are right though, that the U.K. is a stronger market. We found it to be uniformly for all our businesses and this is businesses both in automotive repair and critical industries, to be a better market for us than the rest of the -- than the continent, for sure. And so, we were kind of cautiously positive about that view. And I don't know if that continues or not, I think part of it is that people in the U.K. -- I think people don't necessarily postpone repair, I think they postpone new purchases. So I don't really see a downturn in repair there so much. Now remember, in Europe, our businesses are broader-based than in the United States so we have less of the business in automotive repair and more in the industrial and other places like agriculture. So we're more broadly based in terms of vertical industries in Europe. So you got to take that into account. Now, if you say the rest of Europe and when is it going to recover and when are people going to start spending again? I'd give you two thoughts, I think the South -- in fact, I'll just say traditional Europe, Western Europe, I'm not making any predictions. On one of these calls, I said once that Spain, I thought, had hit the bottom. Well, that was wrong and that was like 2 years ago. So I don't think anybody can actually predict this. All we can say for sure is our base customer base. Our base customer base seems to be intact so we believe it comes back. Now if you talk about the periphery of Europe, if you talk about Eastern Europe, you talk about Turkey, you talk about Maghreb countries, those businesses by and large, they have their ups and downs in every quarter, by and large, they've been pretty good for us. I don't know if that helps you any but I get -- in summary, I think the U.K. is okay and reasonable. I think nobody knows what's going to happen in Continental Europe, and I think the periphery is pretty good.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, we do it in Europe and in places but the landscape in Europe, for example, our share of automotive repair is much larger in the U.K. than it is say, Germany or say, Sweden. So we do it. If you're talking about the garage and our observation in the garage, U.K., that model is pretty good, but we don't have a center like we do here. But let me offer this, is that the big customer connection flow, the information flow is not really in Innovation Works. Innovation Works is where we brought observations together with product design closer than ever before. But the by and large -- the blocking and tackling of innovation and customer connection, is every day when the franchisees and our salesmen go into garages and factories and repair facilities and see how things are working, that's how it happens, more than just having it here. And we have that in U.K. Now, what you said about innovation and change, this is our bread and butter because if you think about it, just think about hand tools, we guarantee hand tools for life. So if we didn't have -- if there weren't requirements, different requirements, we wouldn't have a business. So for 9 decades, we've been staying -- we've been having a business based on just the very kind of innovation you described. Nissan changes their cars, we got the best tools.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, that's not -- I don't think that really is how it happens. One of the things, we did have more promotions in the quarter in the Tools group, but one of the things that -- one base knowledge that's useful, I think, in this is every month, every week, in fact, we have promotions throughout the Tools group. It's part and parcel with the activity there. It's kind of an excitement builder that rolls through. And so fundamentally, what happened in the Tools group is basically, we're more active in promotions in the quarter. Some of that had to do with the SFC, the Franchisee Conference, where it's kind of the most exciting promotions are sometimes there. We had more people at the Franchisee Conference than ever before, the take-up rate was high and the promotions we offered there, and so that tended to drive some of that increase. That's really it. Those weren't aimed at reaching out to other new technicians or anything like that. The reaching out is more a productivity issue, actually.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think we are but we're being very selective. We're not looking to increase the franchise. I mean, you will see the odd franchise, I think we probably went up 1 or 2 vans this quarter and so that happens. We're being very selective and we're happy with the people we're getting. What we're trying to do is make sure -- try to make sure we can anticipate who wants to retire and match up a person in that jurisdiction at that time. That's really the trick now, is to reduce the time to open. We eventually get a guy, but we want to reduce the time. And so, you can appreciate if somebody wants to -- if the franchisee in Tuscaloosa, Alabama wants to retire, you got to have a guy in Tuscaloosa. A guy in Des Moines doesn't help you and so we're working on that now.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: What I meant by that, if I said OEM dealers, I didn't mean that. I meant OEM manufacturers. What happens is, is that in that particular business, the OEM manufacturers decide to commission an essential tool, often like a special diagnostic unit, a laptop for cars, say Toyota might do it or Honda, or somebody like that, that might say make this diagnostic unit for just my vehicle and distribute it through my dealerships. And they'll have programs that they author and the program might last 8 months, 9 months, a year or something like that where they say they are going to roll these out. And then once it's rolled out, it's over. And then you wait -- you have to get another program to continue the business and we have a series of programs. All we were saying was, is that the programs in Europe are running out and the European OEMs, we believe, are a little bit keeping their powder dry, looking at the economics. Even though new car sales are not so down in Europe, I think they're down about 8% -- but still, I think they're being very careful. And so that's what we're seeing in Europe. In the United States, we're seeing less of that, but it's down slightly, down slightly. And I think that's partially because new car sales aren't bad, but the sort of economic uncertainty, the fiscal uncertainty is dominating whether you want to invest in a long-term program like that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, it can from time-to-time. I mean, we sell into factories, factories are closing down and we sell some into factories. It can from time to time, but we have some offsets to that -- we sell into Repair and the Repair business moves up. So I think our direct linkage to that is unclear and kind of nebulous. GDP was down, I think it was 7.8% but if you looked at power consumption in China, the Industrial business, the industrial consumption of power was down but the consumer consumption was up. So that kind of says that well, the industrial sector is weakening, but the consumers are rolling up and in that balance, I'm not sure how that would affect us really. The big thing is China is a great opportunity for us and we keep building physicals there.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I would characterize it like this. Of course, the South, Spain and Portugal and those places and Italy and so on, know they are in bigger trouble -- and Greece. They know they've got problems. So when you talk to people, whether your customers -- and our customers are businessmen in most -- by and large, either small or large. And our people, they're very, very, I would say, muted. But they have confidence that they're going to muddle through, they're going to get through this. If you talk to people in what I'll call the other areas of Europe like the U.K. or Scandinavia or France or Germany, they're more positive. They just view this as hey, this is a bump in the road, we're going to batten down the hatches and we're going to go forward. I think our view of -- I think if you read the U.S. papers and you look at Europe, you get more alarmed about the long-term than the impression you get when you walk the grassroots path in Europe. Now I'm not sure who's right, to tell you the truth but you don't get -- I would say, you don't get, I would say, fatalism in Europe. Our people, our customers believe the world's coming back and we believe they're coming back with us.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't know. But by and large, the OEM facing business, the pure OEM facing business is about 1/3 of the business. There are types of the segment -- sorry, the segment, yes. Sorry I misspoke. It's roughly like this, David, the OEM facing business is 1/3, the independent facing business is 1/3, and equipment, which plays in both territories is another 1/3.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, the business can be lucrative for us when it's rolling. It is lumpy, but it's not unprofitable now for us. It's just less profitable than the other ones. And one thing that comes through, we like being at least, some of our business, close to the OEMs because we believe it informs us about what's going on for forward thinking around innovation and what's coming in the OEM's product lines. We believe that [indiscernible] something to us.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't have hard numbers for you but I believe now, a huge share of the tools, the power tools we sell off the truck are Snap-on. I believe, a huge share.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It wasn't a factor in this quarter. But over time, I can't tell, but not that significantly. When I'm talking about over time, I'm talking about back when I was in C&I, we used to talk about bringing it home, and that now, we're talking what? 2003, 2002, 2004, we used to be -- I ran the business that had power tools in it. We used to talk about gee, we need to get our franchisees confident in our tools so they won't sell other people's, and we did. And that happened gradually over that time.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Priorities are first, organic growth and we had some pretty good organic growth in some places, dividends and acquisitions and offsetting dilution. Those are the 4 priorities.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, we're starting to, for sure, yes. I mean, I think you'd be fair to say that we'd start to build up some cash sort of next year, towards the end of next year sometime. And we can put that cash to work.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, but that was because our earnings were lower. I think the denominator was changed. I think, look, we don't have a set number as a percentage. Our unifying principle around dividends is that we have paid the dividend every year, every quarter since 1939 and we have never reduced it, and that's it. And so every quarter, we assess whether we want to bring our dividend upwards and that's basically what we do.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Okay, first, may I simply say though, before I say that is that I kind of view the credit company as a pretty big acquisition. If we had goofed it up, people would've been talking about integration and things like that. So I think it was a kind of acquisition in a way. But look, here's our priorities: we would do -- we will acquire anything along the 4 decisive strategic runways for growth, enhance the network if we acquire anything in that way. Now it's not so clear there would be things there but we would do. And then emerging markets, positions in emerging markets, more strength in the repair shop owners and managers and that customer base or more gravitas in critical industries. Those would be our priorities. And I don't mean in any particular order there. I just think those are -- we'd be looking at all of those areas.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think we believe there's opportunities. We believe we're coming out from under the credit company, we believe we turn the cash on other things. I mean, I think it's timed by the credit company coming out of getting fulfilled. And so that's when we start looking at that. I think I've been saying this to other people for a while. But I think as I said, sort of next year, we're starting to get in that situation where we're looking very aggressively at these kinds of things. And we -- most us have quite a bit of experience integrating and acquiring companies. So I don't think we have any trepidation about doing any of this stuff.
Alek B. Gasiel: Just a couple of things. Gary -- I'm sitting in for Gary, but kind of getting back to the whole promotional thing in the Tool group, are you able to actually substitute that for the under -- for areas that the van are under-penetrated in? Or is that...
Alek B. Gasiel: Okay. And you commented about the muted OEM dealers particularly in Europe. I wonder if you could provide any color on North America. What are you seeing...
Alek B. Gasiel: One last question. And I know you provided already some color on this. Just on Europe, what is their -- what are you hearing in some of the attitudes from the people you talk to there? And, I mean, just kind of looking at certain pockets of areas, I mean, are Scandinavian countries still holding up or I know...
David Leiker: Just a couple of quick follow-ups here. I hope [indiscernible] On RS&I, Nick, on this OEM dealer business, what's the scale of that these days? How important...
David Leiker: And in the organic growth, I mean, the business is essentially self-funding I mean, you throw off more money than you generate there...
David Leiker: And then on the dividend, you're paying about 25% of your earnings. Are you implying that, that number can go -- I mean once upon a time, you're paying out almost half of your earnings.
