Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Look, I’ll close by saying again that our performance in the quarter was quite encouraged. We believe that represent strong confirmation that Snap-on is a company with unique strengths, ongoing opportunities for improvement and extended runways for growth.  Going into the downturn, we assess the macroeconomic difficulty saying that big ticket long payback items were important. They would help to ease our recovery and they have. We said that we would invest in strategic areas that would be decisive growing forward and those efforts appear to be working well. We’ve maintained our van network; it’s more enthusiastic and more stable than when we entered the difficulties. We said that critical industries would be quarter [ph] growth. We are growing strongly in that arena. The industrial division was up 34% in the quarter. We were convinced that our technology and reputation would enable expansion with repair shop owners. Equipment in RS&I are confirming that belief. Equipment shook off the natural third quarter headwinds and grew strongly in both the US and Europe, and we said emerging markets, presented with the unique opportunity of physically provisioned, would help us grow and we are growing and gaining in those areas. Those regions are growing at deep double-digits, well ahead of even the robust GDPs. No one can predict how the environment will unfold. The economies of the world are still fragile, having said that, however. We now have three quarters of positive Snap-on momentum. The situation seems to be playing out as we expected and our strategic programs are successful. Because of all that, we are more confident than ever before that Snap-on is well positioned to take strong advantage of the future, strong advantage of the future in whatever shape it unfolds. Before taking questions, I want to end by thanking the people responsible for these encouraging results, our associates and franchisees. I know as usual, many of you are listening. These results would not have been possible without your capability and your dedication. I thank you for your support and I congratulate you on your success. Operator, now we’ll take questions.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think, in terms of our van business, we offered the price – in United States in the traditional tool business that you’ve for Snap-on, I don’t think you’re going to see much revenue in that business because our customers in that van business is about 35% of it, see real added from the up closing and personal delivery of the product.  So, I don’t see that happening there, now I want you to remember that we are about making work easier for professionals in critical tasks. So the online piece of our business, the online delivery does not provide as much opportunity for us, really, you may see some online delivery with some of our distributor activities and that’s more B-to-B in that situation, but that’s really where we, I’d say we limited to.  Our sticks if you will, our value is that, we sell to customers and we convince them, we sell the customers whoa are performing critical path and we convince them that they are going to see real productivity in using our solutions and our product. And that usually requires face-to-face.  Now, after you convince them you can see some kind of structural ordering, but it’s not a big factor in our business.
Nick Pinchuk: It can, but the thing is that we remember when you are talking about a guy, a van driver, he wants to get it right now, he goes out there and his big value is that when he’s talking to the technician and technician say I need it now and we’ve got it right there boom, its off the truck and he has it now. He doesn’t have to wait for delivery.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, our websites are targeting people who want the order that way, but it’s most around trying to create brand awareness.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think we have said in the call, and I said many times, we see substantial runways for growth, particularly around critical industries, around repair shop owners and managers, and in emerging markets.  We also see opportunities to grow our van business, but those are two, three places. Critical industries, repair shop owners and emerging market, and I see those businesses being a bigger part of our company. We are going to continue to pursue roll down those runways, because in the third quarter, I think is abundant evidence that those runaways are clearing for us.  Now we have said, I think that moving forward, after the recession recovers, after we recover the recession, after recession recovery goes away, we believe we can register between 4% and 6% organic growth consistently and we believe we can drive towards strong mid-teen OI margins.  And we believe that we will get that through organic growth and then also in those critical runaways we can find both on acquisition, so I see as pursuing that moving forward.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think there’s a number of people, I mean, there’s a number of people. Certainly we have our big competitors like Armstrong and Proto in the United States. In Europe, you have Gador, you have Sanville you have Usag and those are the broad tool manufactures and then you have some specific people that do like pliers and other things, of smaller products like Nepex in Europe. So I’d say we’re gaining from a collective group. We can’t offer a wider range of products than anybody else David. So, when we sell a kit to an aerospace company or we sell a kit to the military, we’re usually displacing a number of different competitors.  When we sell to Shanghai Airlines, we maybe replacing a German competitor or Japanese competitor and a Chinese competitor at the same time. So it’s a mix.David Leiker – Robert W Baird: Okay. Thank you very much, and have a great quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: I think more closely Gary to about $750 million or so. Historically if you look at the combined portfolio they exceed over $800 million in the half or sometime. As I’ve said before in our investor meeting, is that we probably do a little bit less van leasing going forward, there are other sources of funding for our credit strategies on that dimension on a very competitive, we have no problem with them using those. But we look at our extended credit portfolio and our leasing of equipment portfolio with that in there, I think we see of about 750ish and again internationally, again we expect at least $130 million and we look to the future to see if this opportunity to grow that, but I’d like to at a combined portfolio of about $900 million, $880, $900 million right now in the terms of a future state.
Nick Pinchuk: Well. Sure, I think I’ve said, it’s very difficult to size the market state for critical industries because it’s so vertical and there are so many different aspects of it and what products do you include in it. But I would say for example that, we’ve said that, that business has the clear potential to be as big as our tools group, that business alone and today that business is somewhere between lets say $350 million to $400 million. But, we think that’s relative to where we are now that’s quite unbounded. And emerging markets its anybody guess, but Gary they are going to sell more cars in China this year than United States and I think that place out in terms of airframe and then full other things in power plants and so on.  And so when you see our opportunities there and realizing that the repair market hasn’t started yet, because there is 300 million vehicles on the road and there are 45% over 10 years old now and in China even though they’re pound in a lot of vehicles into the park right now. There is still only 15 million on the road and they are all new, you can see the China market alone being as big as in the US market and therefore being kind of the size of the van business again. Again there are various difficult - -
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know that number, but it’s been growing dramatically, on a small base. So I really don’t have that, it was quite a bit small, I have just said that, I think you and I have spoken about this is that, if you go back to 2004 let’s say are those kind of years we hardly sold anything in Asia, we got ten people in two offices, so it’s really - -
Nick Pinchuk: It depends on the industry if you tend to, it depends on the particular product in the industry, but let’s say for example, it can be some times there can be imported product for or some times for lets say Shanghai Airlines, your competition will be imported, but for let say the Volkswagen OVM dealership, it will be primarily local.  And it’s a galaxy of competitors, the thing about China and India and all emerging markets, they’re generally fragmented, that’s why we like the opportunity actually.
Aldo Pagliari: Most of its direct. I mean, 70 being direct. So, that’s one of the reasons of course, why you don’t have a lot of people in between you and the end customer, that’s why we don’t see the restocking as much.Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Great, well, congrats on a very good third quarter.
Aldo Pagliari: We do use some of those features, but they are oriented towards our franchisees. Our effort is to increase the productivity of the franchisees and not so much for the end user technicians.  So, all those you were describing are an excellent tool from an RCI perspective. We also used the web for supplier based activity, but when it comes to end user purchases it’s not the preferred means is to how they conduct the trade.
Aldo Pagliari: I did actually. I mean, we said, consistently we expected from the beginning of this year to add about $300 million for the overall portfolio. So, if you do the mathematics, we should end up at about $565 million to $570 million by year end is our projection for the Snap-on Credit portfolio.
