Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I think structurally – not something happened and I don't think this particular quarter. But I think structurally the whole automotive repair business is – got a nice tailwind in terms of changes in vehicles. And in fact as you have more vehicles that want to do more things automatically, self-driving and so on. The precision of calibration becomes more and more important and therefore the more accuracy and speed – more accuracy – things like alignment become more important and therefore the speed of that alignment becomes important, therefore the need for new products. And so, I think it's nice times for automotive repair in general and in particular for undercar equipment. And I think...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I think it's expanding. I think we're finding – I don't know, if we're introducing any faster necessarily upgrades, but I think the upgrades are more attractive. You hear me talk about SureTrack and if I had a little more time to talk about VERUS Edge, I would talk about the fact that it has technical service bulletins involved. And so, those products are more attractive and they're more liberating and they're more productivity advancing to customers and so that's driving part of that. You can see it. You can see – and I'm sure, you've looked at the trends, and you can see that, I think the numbers are something like somewhere under 50% of cars – we today require in all garages require diagnostics repairs and all garages require diagnostics units, but something like 7 of 10 repairs in new cars require diagnostics units. So you see a demand for that. And our software is the best available. One of the things you see in our – one of the things we're really excited about in our business when we did independent surveys of technician preferences, 63% said they preferred Snap-on diagnostics. Number two was 7%.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: No. No. I don't think they are buying that stuff. I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure that they are not buying the stuff, because you know when the .50 caliber bullets are flying over head I think this is the ultimate critical application and I don't think anybody wants anybody being disadvantaged under those circumstances. So what really has happened by and large is the fact that there's uncertainty in where to deploy budget around. We've seen it before. Actually C&I, if you go back and look at the late – in late 2013, the critical industries, the critical industries again was bedeviled by a reduction associated with the military and that was directly associated with the word as sequestration. And so, you're starting to see those kinds of things now. In Washington people are talking about government shutdowns and so on and it's making the military nervous and they are spending less. We feel we're pretty well positioned though to take full advantage when they are ready to spend.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Yeah. Look, we were – amazingly, we're up pretty well in mining. Like I said, we're still starting to penetrate these things. So you can't – we're finding that we're effective sometimes by – somewhat by the environment, but not – we can overcome it at times and mining was one of those. Heavy truck was up fairly well in the quarter. So that was a good entry. General, if you just look at general production, the kinds of stuff, the things that are associated with grinders and so on, we had that kind of thing. So I mean we had some fairly reasonable positive points, the U.S. aviation, the aviation in U.S. was okay, that kind of thing.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: So we had some positives. And we had oil and gas, international aviation and the military which were negative.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: No. Big ticket was still reasonably strong, but I think we're not seeing any particular, if the question is associated with the rise in the size of the – let's say the purchases, the size of the purchases, I would say no in the quarter necessarily, not anything particularly big in the quarter. Nothing that would change the trend. We're still seeing a robust demand though for things like tool storage and of course our diagnostic units and other things that we would roll into big ticket.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Yeah, there's a healthy – I think there's a healthy attitude, generally it directly reflects the motion of the Tools Group. In general, if you look back at originations and look at Tools Group growth over the last three quarters, they're sort of the same, so that's pretty much what's driving it. I think it's not just tool boxes though, you get – you will get things like – you get things like big diagnostics like the VERUS Edge. I mean, the new VERUS Edge is a product that will run in several thousands of dollars and that can be financed on that kind of things. So, you will see a number of things like that. So, it's not just tool boxes, but it is – the big ticket items were, I think this quarter just slightly below, somewhat below the Tools Group in general, but over three quarters, four quarters has been better than the Tools Group.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I don't know. I think Rock N' Roll cab, I think we added like maybe like five in the last quarter in the techno vans and we didn't add any Rock N' Roll cabs. Rock N' Roll cabs have been solid for some time. Having said – been the same number for some time, but, you know, I wouldn't necessarily sign up to the idea that I wouldn't add more going forward. Rock N' Roll cabs were introduced somewhere in 2011. And I have to tell you, Gary, we've been learning about how to use them better and how effective they are and where they're most effective and how to do that each quarter. But for now, they're pretty much where they're going to be. The techno is something else. So we've added quite a few. I think actually year-over-year for techno, we've added 21 techno vans, and I think we'll be probably trying to see how that 21 plays out for a little while, and then we'll make a decision whether we need more or not going forward. But it's a mistake to think that tool storage sales is directly proportional to the number of Rock N' Roll cabs, that's not true. What we found is they've gotten more and more and more productive, more and more liberating every time, every quarter, and same thing for techno vans.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Correct, it does. But then we find out how to – then actually what we find out is how to amplify the Rock N' Roll space. I mean, it's kind of a multilayered thing. It does help that though. I mean in one sense it expands on a time-sharing basis the space, but the effect of that space, I would say over the four years we've had it, the ones that we installed first are helping a lot more than they did when they first occurred.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: It's in other countries. I mean I think, I guess we have seven international Rock N' Roll cabs, and so we've used them in different places, things like the UK, in Canada, and some in Australia. And we've just started to do that for the techno vans. So it's a phenomenon that can work in other places.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I don't really have – the thing is that – the truth is, sure. What we know is the industry problems, the economic environments create an overhang. And then in places like, for us and you see it in oil and gas this time, you can see it in mining, although mining was a contributory for us. So it's very difficult to look at any macro and say it's going to affect us. All you can say is look, the general macro is going to create an overhang. How well we do in offsetting it is another question, but we do have the ability to offset it from time to time. Like in this quarter, we felt, we feel when we look at Industrial, when we look at critical industries, we feel we can see the trajectory of upward trends even though it was a tepid quarter, it was a drag on us this time, because we can see the gains in railroad, in places like mining and heavy duty. So we can see the proof-of-concept working through. It's hard for us to give you any guidance on that. In Asia Pacific, for example, the turbulence around Asia Pacific did really create an overhang for us, but we succeeded in some markets and had some difficulty in others. Our operations and our sales in both those markets ended up being a growth situation. In Europe, it seems like, and I think what's worked for us in Europe is we came from such a low position. We kept investing. We create new product that we're growing even as the market is tepid. So it's kind of a cocktail of things that I can't quite give you any particular macro on which to trend.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I don't really have the percentages for you. I will say that you're right in saying that equipment is probably the biggest piece of that, and then you've got cutting tools, which are another piece of it, which are primarily Industrial based. Industrial based tools are another piece, and then what's after that, it would be, I'd say, the critical – we call them – in that world (00:46:10) we call them premium tools, like the Snap-on tools sold into the super-premium applications like Thai Airways and things like that. We actually had a pretty good quarter with those in places like Singapore and Hong Kong. And the equipment actually was one of the things that drove us into Vietnam. We're actually pretty pleased about Vietnam. I've been waiting for Vietnam to give us some daylight for some time, and this is the quarter which it kind of worked. So it was an encouraging event.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: No. We're not doing anything like that. I mean I suppose it's kind of dumb thing for a guy like me to say that, but the fact our – we – okay, people here are shaking their heads, yes, that is dumb. But, okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: It's true, we believe in our runways for growth, and we continue to invest in them. The profit improvements you are seeing, the 130 basis points, have nothing to do with restriction, nothing.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Because we don't see it that way. Of course, there are headwinds and they might impact us, and I never said we would keep going, marching upward every quarter. It's almost impossible for anybody to do that, although we have. And so we just believe in the future of extending the critical industries, enhancing the van channel, expanding with repair shop owners, and in emerging markets, so we keep investing in it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Sure. First of all, first of all, we view -- you may not like this either -- but we view as-reported sales as arithmetic. Organic sales are up for us, so the bits and the bytes and the metal and the mechanisms, we sell more of that we're happy. We're encouraged by that. So even in C&I, which was down, that 3.4% organic is what we follow because that looks to us to be customer gain. That's one. Two is, is that what you see in this situation is when I'm talking about RCI, I'm talking about things like being able to make the product less expensively. We reduce the set-up times in the factory, which is a big deal for us. We find ways through customer connection and our innovation process to wield new technologies that allow us to develop new product cheaper. Remember, in C&I, for example, last year in aviation, we brought – last year, in oil and gas, I think we – for heavy truck, let's say, we brought out 859 new products, and aviation was 996. And one of the things that allows us to make to do that better is new technology like 3D printing and finite element analysis and so on. And that cuts cost in the design cycle and allows us to bring out those new products with lower cost than before. Those are the kinds of things we do.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: And even if we have – so, even if we have lower as reported revenues, our cost gets driven down because of some of that. And it doesn't happen every quarter, if it happens – if I reduce the cost of one particular product, well, maybe that product sells well this quarter and I get some good benefit out of it. That may not sell so well next quarter and I don't quite get the quote at the same benefit.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Yeah, it's pretty much. Yeah, there's a lot of timing flowing through. Remember that originations have to do with the franchisees selling the products.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Right. And you also got an SFC that flows through this. So, in originations are things like loans that go through for the franchisees themselves, like van loans and things like that that occur. And so there's that noise in van originations in the month. So when we have a particularly great SFC, that can distort that as well. But when you step back and you look at the trend of everything, it really is – there is a lot of noise from quarter-to-quarter. You've kind of got to look back. And if you look at three quarters, you'll see it's pretty close to the same, between Tools Group growth and originations, pretty close to the same and if you say that Tools Group will pick a group faster, it makes sense.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Okay. (00:51:55). I'll try this – how about this one. We mentioned like five segments, six segments in critical industries, and the military is a big one, it's the biggest because we entered there first, because it made sense. Just as I said before, when the bullets are flying overhead -- I can assure you this from personal experience, when the bullets are flying overhead, people kind of want to make sure things work. And so we figured it was the most critical of industries. We invested in it and it (00:52:16) warrants bigger. So if you take our revenues which is somewhere north of $450 million or something like that let's say, and you divide them by six and you take one of the bigger ones, that would be the military. And oil and gas would be more in the middle some place. So that helps. I think that should give you some ballpark view of this. You got one big guy who is down strong double digits, can put a little over hang on you.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Last time around we started at 12% and went to 10%. The 12.3%, if I remember 2008, the OI percentage was like 12.3% and it went to 9.9%.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: And that was – the 9.9% was, I would say, artificially depressed by the fact that we had the credit company in transition, somewhat, not huge, but that's a factor there a little bit. And so, you can say, all right, it impacted some, but maybe not much, but okay, we had that transition going on in Tools Group and so on, maybe arithmetically it didn't affect. But down there, we had some turbulence. And so then the big difference there now is we're starting at 17.5%, all right. So I mean, I wouldn't expect it to be worse than that duration. The other factor I'd offer is this, is I believe – two factors. One is, I believe we are stronger in our market positions, therefore even more resistant, number one. Number two – number three, and this is harder to predict. Last time, our customer base, which was principally the – 70% of the customer base, the automotive repair technician, I spent a lot of time talking about the fact that they were cash rich and confidence poor, they were getting up every day and reading bad news for breakfast. It was the worst recession of our lifetime. People were talking about putting dollars in mattresses. Well, I'm not sure – and so therefore they didn't buy big ticket items even though they had a lot of cash. That would happen again, but I'm not sure it'd be the same extent. I don't know. That's a judgment call of course. And one more experience at RCI than we were. And the other thing is, we're just better at RCI, and so we probably step that up. If you can't, you only have 24 hours in a day, so if you can't – if you think the prospects for growth are less, you turn more toward improvement.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: The international franchise business is about, is also up double-digits. The U.S. is up strong double-digits, the U.S. is up, the international is up just about the same. I would say that in order the strength, Australia and UK were actually up more than the U.S., Canada was up somewhat less, so you put those together in a cocktail and I think it all came to about the same as the U.S.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Well, let's look at it this way. I think I would say that we are less than half of where we are in terms of our position with tools. And so, if you think of it that way, yes, people respect our brand, shop owners respect our brand as much as technicians. So I would view that as kind of an – view of the opportunity. We think we have runway in the tools itself for the technicians and we're well behind that in terms of shop penetration. So, I think we've got quite a bit of runway there. I would say if you want to use baseball terms, we're in the third or fourth inning.
