Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think the thing is I think we said when we went into the first quarter. In the first quarter, we said we got hammered in March, but things were looking pretty good before that. so I think we had made investments in products and processes that were helping us mind the franchisees capability more effectively, and we started to see that toward the end of the fourth quarter last year and the first quarter. And then, KT Bar [ph], the doer on the virus and so things go down. But we started to see people recover, that's why we say shock accommodation. They started to accommodate, and we said, June was coming back tracing an upward trend. So when you look at the third quarter, I think you think of it in, okay, there is some makeup I assume when things are going down so badly, particularly in April. There's some catch up there, but here's the thing that makes sense to us when you look at the sales off the van, the sales off the van have been strong for a long time. They were better in the second quarter than our sales. And in the third quarter, they were every bit as strong deep into -- clear weak, well into double digits every month. And then when you look back at it after the third quarter. The sales off the van are up year-over-year by a clear amount. And so they're play it by clear amount, so I think that's the data point. It seems to me we're going back to like that upward trend now what happens going forward, hard to say. I guess that's the $64,000 question. What I like what I see on this kind of situation, Tool Group seems to be hitting on all cylinders, wildcard could be Europe, and in the quarter one of the cool things about the quarter was the UK, it turned around quite well. I don't know if you caught the international operations up double digits, and that hadn't been a situation. And so there's a lot of ups and downs there and that could be an uncertainty going forward over those geographies and so on, but I'll tell you what, there's a lot of momentum and a lot of good reason – we see a lot of good reasons for this and the franchisees becoming more effective in the way we knew how to get over this because of the, you know, this wasn't our first rodeo associated with the downward trend. And we knew how to get our franchisees through it, and we got them through it and it paid off. So I think, I think you kind of look at it, okay, you know, 16.2% organically, it's a big number, but we really mined the profits. And -- and I think if you think about off the van, it shows that there's an appetite out there and vehicle repair is back. It's approaching, it's approaching psychologic, what we call in our context and our construct, psychological recovery and the vans are taking advantage of it.  What we like about this is, we've gone to something arithmetic. It shows the resiliency of vehicle repair in turbulence and the positivity and the strength of the face to face bad model. When we enable it with these technologies, we've been helping them.
Nick Pinchuk: The other think I think you would – one other things I think you would conclude out of this, I think is that when you see originations in effect, what do they got 0.3% or something like that, or you know, something maybe a little bit bigger in the U.S., and you see me say that tool storage is up to the franchisees and the big ticket is up for franchisees, you would say that, it's not the model of the product, it’s that the fact that being flat, even flat we're up a little bit year-over-year means that they're going to psychological recovery. In other words, the garages and the franchise, then the technicians and the franchisees themselves are starting to believe in the future and have confidence to invest in longer payback items. This is kind of a watershed of van's in terms of the state of mind throughout the industry. One of the one of the setbacks and if you think about it, boy, you just step back and you look at the news about the auto industry in general, but also you kind of look around, you know, vehicle repair is pretty robust, actually in wages were up for technicians in August, according to – the rollings roll up and so I think that's a positive. And when I go out, when I went to the factory in Alabama, you know, in Elkmont, Alabama, I also went to franchisees, I just talked to several franchises across the country and they're all talking about robust garages. When I went to a garage recently out around here, you couldn't get in the parking lot, there were too many cars. So I think this is going pretty well.
Nick Pinchuk: In Q3, there was no sales part of its derived from the deferred programs because there were no deferred programs. No, I say that our Elite franchisees, people that we strike in the Platinum program called Elite, always have the privilege of being able to offer a 60 day deferred programs as a normal course of business. So I won’t call that just normal activity. So there is nothing unique in Q2, in Q3 that benefited the sales line. When it comes to impact on delinquency rates and collections and charge-offs, we factor all of that in based on our history which is considerable, because again, while we don't have in depth COVID-19 experience as is our first experience at that, we do have a lot of experience with catastrophic events which are usually more local. And we do provide in our provisioning for what would be the anticipated losses when you have people that take advantage of deferred programs versus non-deferred programs. So having said all that, I guess, I don't want to use the word ‘it washes out’ but it's already kind of reflected in our results. And going forward, whether we offer more differed programs will remains to be seen. We look at the opportunities and if they're created. We'll think about it, see if it creates a reason to buy now.
Nick Pinchuk: What's interesting from our perspective is, if it weren’t for the COVID, everybody wouldn't be on the edge of their seat with this. I recognize that everybody wants to see if there's going to be problems with the credit company and collections and delinquencies and so on, because of the COVID. But in reality, the deferral is just an everyday thing for us. We do it from time to time. It happens on a regular -- not regular, not periodic basis, but it happens quite often. We just mix it up so we give, say, our customers a reason to buy now, and a franchisee a reason to change up a sales pitch to have something to talk about to these customers.
Nick Pinchuk: I think, I don't know. Look, I think, my gift is, first of all, our guys are employed mostly. You can look at the thing, things dipped. I think the number of hours went down 5% or something like that in April. And then it's snapped right back and generally what we see, what I'm hearing from my franchisees and I've talked to a lot of them, the garages are pretty much employed. So I don't think unemployment is a big deal. I mean, the unemployment deal or the PPI. You could have argued that that whatever people got in the beginning like $1,200 or something, that might have helped. I'm reading that people put that in a bank, I don't know. But I think it would have been over in the second quarter. We kind of thought that might have helped us in the second quarter. That was one of the questions for us, when we saw the tools group go up and hit the 3%, or I guess it was 2.4% in United States and that kind of thing. We thought maybe that might have been helping us. But I -- my sense of it is, it was probably either banked or spent before it. I don't think it was driving the third quarter. I don't think. And I don't think those – I don’t think our guys are sitting on the edge of the seat, waiting for Congress to approve another one. Now if they do…
Nick Pinchuk: Well, there was a shift towards -- there was a shift toward the smaller -- not shift, but in the quarter we had nice hand tools and they tend to be RA, not long term credit. Remember, when you say credit, when you're talking about credit, everything sold off to buyers on credit.
Nick Pinchuk: Everything. Right? And so, okay, you're only talking about whether it's 12 to 15 week credit or -- three year or four year credit, really, so everything’s sold on credit. So I don't think, if you say -- if you put that in a pot and say everything was sold, so I don't see people paying cash so much. I haven't heard people pay in cash. And our RA book is up some, because hand tools were strong. Anytime hand tools are strong, you see that happen, and the longer term credit tends to be a little bit less. But actually we thought longer term credit, given the environment was pretty robust in the quarter. Now, as I said, I think it's a sign of things getting better in the in the general view of the repair shop. Now, if somehow a miracle happens and the people in Washington get together and they decide to send everybody $1,200, I think that would be might be cherry on the top, I don't know. I don't think we got much in the third quarter though. I really don't.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, all right. I mean the cadence in the -- Bret, the cadence in the third quarter isn't as clear as the second quarter because we're coming off some -- April is god awful. So, I mean the thing is you're coming off of that and you kind of roll up but generally, if you look at -- I mean if you want to talk to Tools Group, if you look at the sales off the van which is not really subject to much SFC impact. It was -- each month was into the double-digit range clearly. So, I think the cadence was pretty solid off the van. You get up and down depending on where the SFC is, I think here. Sometimes like for example, when you have a live SFC, people tend to keep their powder dry because they want to get there and spend they it's almost like a Disney World. We were -- it's almost like a fun experience when they get there, and they run around and they buy all this stuff. And so this was a little more measured because it was added this and so not quite as exciting and so they spent a little earlier than they would have and I think up. So, that's a fair view. But if you look at the stuff off the van, it seems to be solid.
Nick Pinchuk: I think we didn't see much of a downtick in the Tools Group inventory, but that you have to look at it through the lens of seasonality. Tools Group inventory always rises in the third quarter in anticipation of the sales and in anticipation of having to make good the order burst that comes out of an SFC. So, fundamentally inventory flat in the quarter meant that the Tools Groups seasonally look pretty good really compared to what we -- what you might expect if that had been a normal year. The other groups I think came down. I think our overall inventory was down a reasonable amount, so that's -- I think it was -- as you might expect in this kind of era.
Nick Pinchuk: But I wanted -- what I wanted to emphasize in a call though. Hey, one of the things that -- I tell you what both were sequentially improved. I mean C&I was down what 25%, 19.7% I think. It's about 20% in the quarter -- second quarter is 8.6%. That's a nice improvement and then the one that really came from behind was RS&I, we thought, I think -- I'll share with you, we thought RS&I, the garages themselves based on the atmosphere in the OEM would have been harder to come back, would take a longer to come back. But they moved from -- they were down like, I said in my script, 29.8% last quarter and they knock I think 2.2% organically and one down, 1.6% as reported, so pretty big move. So I think what you're seeing in those businesses, even though they aren't -- they don't have the starry numbers as the Tools Group has, because their industries are still going through accommodation and aren't even approaching psychological recovery, they’re showing some pretty good movement.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, it improved. Sure it improved, it improved. But it was -- I would say this, it was -- in Q2, it was running ahead on the sales to demand I think. Sales that was kind of -- if you want to think of it this way Curtis, you can think of it this way and I would think that Q2 inventory was being pushed out a little bit. The inventories were going down because the sales off the van were a little bit more robust, not great. But they were more robust than -- and they started to spike up in June, which is why we started to talk about the Tools Group in June, we could see that, in fact, we said that on a call I think. And then in the third quarter, more or less equal, the van, the sales off van were about equal to the, you know, for government work were about equal to the sales off the van. That's how it happens. So I think just the sales to the van kind of caught up. Doesn't look like they're building inventory though in the third quarter, it just looks like they kind of stay stable.
Nick Pinchuk: What happens Gary is that the transaction where it's translations tend to be current, transactions tends to look back because you set the cost of product when it gets shipped and it doesn't get sold sometimes later, and that's what drives that difference, so in effect transaction kind of trails to situation.
Nick Pinchuk: We don't really give guidance. But look, I can tell you my broad view is that boy, you know, if you look at the United States, I don't know. I think vehicle repair particularly won't get shocked again. You know, they're not -- in fact everywhere won't get shocked again. Whatever happens, I think our people will accommodate better than they did in the April and March area. So I think that's kind of a broader view. I think, look, I think the United States kind of continues to March, you know, nobody knows what's going to happen exactly. But I think our -- the accommodation continues in the United States in all our areas. Europe's got twin problems with economics and so on. So it's hard to see across all those geographies, what's going to happen there. Again though, I don't think they get shocked again.  So I think, you know, they manage it, but it could be slowed down or it could be accelerated. Asia Pacific, I think China of course is okay. Japan should be okay. I think, I don't know what the heck's happening in India and Southeast Asia, but they seem to be completely flat on their back in terms of their ability to deal with this situation. So, so we'll see how those -- that's how I see it playing out. And I think, you know, we see upward trend, like we said, last time. I think, I believe in the shock accommodation, psychological model, but the value of that slope upward will change depending on how conditions occur. I do think they'll report a fight against the really bad news and that's really, I'm not telling you anything we could have just as good a quarter or a better quarter next time. 
Nick Pinchuk: There's a couple of things. I look, I think we believe U.K. came a long way and in fact their acceleration upward had already begun in June. It just, it just wasn't the level of us, but you could, if you go back, they were deeper in April and if you looked at the slope of the curve upwards in June, you said wait, something's going on there. And I think part of it was, is that okay, you have people suffering through the shock and they were really shocked. And you had the economics on top of it. In my own personal opinion were three things. One is they started to accommodate. Two; the virus kind of got people's minds off of Brexit, they didn't pay attention, you know, so much. So it wasn't weighing on people in terms of economics or coming out of the -- at least getting a little better than the virus they started to figure out. And three, we made changes to our network to try to make it, try to get training the new product there is every bit as robust as here. It just follows a little bit later. So we're introducing some of the diagnostics that had already been introduced here and wasn't there and other new products. So there is consistency in the new product. It wasn't different than the U.S. but I mean, we kept pounding the new product in there. I think, I think those are the three factors. Now it was up, as you say was up quite nicely. We'll see how it plays out. I don't think it will get shocked again though. 
Nick Pinchuk: I think this. I think we have the potential to catch up. I think – I'll tell you what, I think you can write this on a black letter law on your shorts about this. In general, in general what we see is when you have anything like this in terms of a macro, what we see is the smaller businesses, if they have – if they continue in the business, which vehicle repair has been continuing in the business, they don't think so – they're like making money, they're spending the kind of rolling. I do think the bigger the business, the more it tends to look at what's going to happen in the future? I'm not sure. They get a little bit more reticent there. They have a little bit more, I guess, forward outlook that troubles them in the day that weighs on their decision-making a day. I think this has happened through my entire time here, we've seen this as macroeconomic expectations go up and down. So, if you look at C&I, you see certain other segments particularly troubled, particularly troubled. Other segments like military and the international aviation up and you see a little bit of heavy truck a little bit better. And so you can see that. But eventually, we see them recovering. That's the difference. It's actually the industry, the environment and also the fact that the garages are smaller and therefore, closer to that cash action and the actual action, and therefore, more confident as they see it continuing. I think this is just psychological. And then if you go to RS&I, I think you're looking at a two-pronged effort. You have the independence, which tend to get a little better, but you also have the dealers who were pretty shook up at the beginning. They were rolling -- they were coming in to the virus as you probably know. With probably a negative view, hey, the SAAR is going to be down for next year, is it look good. Maybe we're going to -- so the thing is they sort of entered this with kind of a downward look, maybe even extra inventory. So, then they got through, then they start to come up. But I think those guys get a little bit more reticent and going forward in terms of investing. Remember, our C&I and RS&I tend to be more capital-based type actions, right? They're good business, but they're more capital, and you would see them being more, I guess, washes. I think they come out of it, though. I think we're loving the RS&I look this quarter, really.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. They were -- look, software is about a third of RS&I, the Mitchell 1 Software business, which is repair shop information and running the repair shops in both cars and trucks...
Nick Pinchuk: Sorry, sorry. And the Tools Group, the software business was pretty good. But I wouldn't say I wouldn't it was an extraordinary contributor, an outsized contributor. It didn't stand out really in any way to us so much in this quarter. It was okay, but not -- you wouldn't have called it a variance driver.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. David, the franchisees have an internal calculus that says, I want to have a certain amount of short-term RA and a certain amount of longer term stuff. They try to maintain it in that way, so to the extent they have a, what I would call a border line event in a sale, that might push them one way or another. I believe that to be pretty true. And so the thing is, yes, it's 100%, but it's shorter term. They think the guy can pay it, they like it, they'll get it, they’ll get him liquidated and onto something else.
Nick Pinchuk: As I mentioned, the franchise even seem flush. I mean they're kind of pretty low in terms of on hold. So I think as a network, I think the franchisees are probably in a better place than they've been in a long time.
Aldo Pagliari: Yeah. I mean, our governing policy and dividends is perpetuity. We think it's a cornerstone and in a hallmark of the resilience and power of our model. So we believe in that strongly.
Aldo Pagliari: Yeah. The inventory in constant dollars, Curt, was down about $28 million, $29 million. As Nick mentioned, Tools Group relatively flat in terms of their inventory move and the other -- were shared kind of equally between the commercial and industry groups and I both had contributions to lower inventory which is expected because their sales were not as robust as last year.
Aldo Pagliari: We actually had negative $0.06 of EPS driven by currency because while the sales line benefited, there was currency transaction losses, principally driven by sales of U.S. manufactured product in Canada and the United Kingdom, but also the commercial industrial group. It has to do with flows between euro based customers versus Swedish based sources of supply. That's what drove the transaction.
Aldo Pagliari: David I think people keep spending. We don't isolate on whether you have just an easy loan. Remember they have two-thirds of business activity are with the franchisee on a revolving account type basis. And they remain generally active. I'm sure you get all kinds of examples. Some people might not buy for a while, although people keep buying each and every week. You get all kinds of patterns, but the fact is there was a deferred program and I'll take really radically changes the flow of activity, because again, we've had programs like this more regarding Q2, certainly given the unusual nature of it, but a pretty consistent. The thing you have to always remember, people ask Nick earlier on the call about stimulus. Remember everybody who has a job and I think we said, most of our customer base still hasn’t come has more discretionary money in their pocket simply because a lot of other venues to spend your money are not available whether it would be going to dinner, the movies or a sports game, so that people have more money beyond just stimulus checks coming into mail and technicians like the right tools that he's been demonstrated over the tunnel of time.
Aldo Pagliari: They're not – they're not strapped for credit. Look here's the thing. We didn't – we didn't just give 90 day credit to the people who were strapped for credit. We offered 90 day credit as a reason to buy now. It's like a car loan. So the point is, I think the point is, is those people know who you are? You're going to buy a still tight, David? Okay, I can get a 90 day deferral or not? I might take it, right. You might take it. Its all the money that you have. You might take it.
Aldo Pagliari: Again David, they always have a choice to make it. If you remember that Snap-On does benefit by having what I would say is the industry's leading residual values. So, when they take trade-ins, particularly in diagnostics becomes a factor, that's where the penetration rate on diagnostics for one reason is lower. There's a good chance that the finance can be handled through the RA account. If you take in, as an example, of $2,000 trading unit on a $3,000 item, you don't have to necessarily finance those. So, that's why you get a little bit of a different blend. And I think in this low interest rate environment, some franchisees feel they have the wherewithal to stretch a bit or borrow locally if they don't borrow from Snap-On Credit. And I think they have some versatility given the low interest rate environment. So that's why you don't necessarily have the same predictability as to what falls on to the easy program. Again, remember, the franchisee decides that. Snap-On doesn't decide that.
Aldo Pagliari: Yeah. But David, but take a step back, you can look over the long tunnel of time, our default rates and the franchisees see this. Remember, our franchisees are pretty long in there too. They have, on average, 14 years of experience. They see that the defaults while never guaranteed are pretty predictable to some extent, and through good and bad times kind of steady. So they don't rush to outboard at least, again, always on the fringes you get a little bit of everything. But they don't rush the panic and say, well, let's give us the Snap-On credit because they only have 25% exposure versus 100%. Of course, there's some that might consider that. But the great population does not.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, that people use a metric, David, RA flips, which we don't look at it that way, but some people say, oh, RA flips if they're up, that must be bad things are coming, RA flips are actually down from the storage levels. No, again, we don't meet a lot into that, but okay. It doesn't seem like the franchisees are trying to offload credit readiness in any dramatic.
Bret Jordan: Good. Hey, when you think about the impact of, I guess -- the mix, it sounded like the hand tools were very strong. Do you think stimulus played a role? I mean, obviously, the garages are seeing business as people are putting their personal cars back on the road, have you used...
Bret Jordan: So the mix of cash versus credit buyer, I mean, it sort of seems like you had a very strong tools number but not as much growth on the credit books. So was there a real shift here to cash purchase in the third quarter.
Bret Jordan: Did you talk about the cadence of the third quarter? I mean, obviously the timing, you didn't have the franchise event, so maybe people were spending more money early or--
David MacGregor: One would think, though, that if somebody's coming off a 90 day furlough because they were strapped for credit that they might not be very aggressive buyers.
David MacGregor: All right. Thank you for that clarification. I appreciate that. I wanted to just explore as well the divergence between kind of the growth that you've achieved in C&I and RS&I versus what you're seeing in the Tools Group. And I appreciate directionally both C&I and RS&I are moving positively versus what you printed in the second quarter. But still high single-digit declines in C&I, high single-digit declines in OEM dealership business and RS&I. It seems a little in contrast to up mid-teens in the Tools Group. And so I guess, your thoughts on that divergence? And then secondly, do we see those other businesses catch up here in the fourth quarter? Should you have that much…
David MacGregor: So, let me just ask you as well because we're top of the hour here and we'd like to wrap this up, I'm sure. But it seems like software sales may have been a stronger contributor this quarter as well. You talked about the Apollo D9, but there were some other introductions as well.
David MacGregor: No, no. But I would think at this point, franchisee would consider I got 100% risk on the RA versus 25% risk on EC and I probably better put
