Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, I think a couple of things. I think a couple of new products rolled out, our ratcheting wrench line expanded, there was a couple that I mentioned and some of the packaging that we had off -- the kick-off started to make sense to people and so you started -- people getting attracted to adding to their positions on hand tools. I think that's it. Generally, the compelling nature of the new hand tools was I think what drove this.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. I think that's true. I think, look -- I think what we saw is that big ticket items read -- principally, the big ticket items are tool storage didn't sell as well. We still have some work to do in that regard. You faired that out, you see it in the originations, but there's sort of like smaller ticket items sold pretty well off the van and so that seems a reasonable trend in the current situation. What we have to do is solve the tool storage problematic and I think that has to do with data compelling nature of the product. I talked about the icon; we think that's one step towards that. The idea of the rock 'n' roll camp is another step in that regard. Tools Group just keeps trying to look at the situation and the solution is, as I said, programs and products. You've got the icon, you've got the new ratchets, you have the new ZEUS out there with moving and positioning as more towards software, which seems to work reasonably well. And we've got other new products being introduced as we speak right now.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, a couple of things. First of all, it's not exclusively the reason. We had some -- so if you looked that we have some a little bit more tepid sales of undercar equipment and that had something to do with the sell-through in the Tools Group. Some of that -- some of the lower end stuff sell-through in the Tools Group, you have some of that. But principally, I think that big driver was in that OEM business. Now, when we look forward, we have no reason to believe that the projects are tailing off. It's a matter of the calendarization of them and when they go in and out and which ones we capture. So, you kind of have a complex cocktail. I, on the other hand, hold to my longtime view of the world that we say we grow to 4% to 6% organically and RS&I is in the middle of that. And if you remember, for I think it's 2015 and 2016, RS&I grew at 4.6% and 4.7% each year. Last year, they happen to grow at 7.4%, but we kept saying, it's in the middle of that 4% to 6% range over the long-term. We still feel that way.
Nicholas Pinchuk: If you're talking about me bracketing or dimensioning the software growth, I talked about -- I think saying it's up significantly is reasonable. I don't want to get reporting on another segment myself, but I think that's very positive. I think, look -- I think -- I can tell you this; ZEUS sold better than its predecessor significantly. So, I think we're very positive about that and one of the things right now we're introducing what we call the Apollo, which adds smart data to smart scans, smart data to the midrange line. So, that's rolling out as we speak. See the Tools Group is not taking this -- looking at this situation very without urgency and focus. So, one of the things that we're doing is we're doubling down on that idea and rolling out in the mid-tier. I feel pretty positive about this. And early return say it's going to be a strong product.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I didn’t say that. No, I don't mean. Look, we're doing a lot of other things. Rock 'n' roll camp, a new catalog, a number of different programs, better training for our franchisees. So, we're doing other things.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think that's hard to the measure because it's complex cocktail of things. You've got the rollout of the 20-foot vans and then there's a kind of I think burn-in what we're finding about these vans, they come out, they get to 20-foot vans, it gives them more inventory. But the guys figure out -- in other words, more retail space. But the guys had to figure out how to wield it in their particular route. So, it takes a little while for that to become pretty effective. So, when you overlay that, it's hard to really quantify that. But we feel, we feel -- I think I've said this many times on these calls that our performance is proportional to -- in some ways, proportional to the freeing more time of the franchisee and to -- which is some of the programs were doing, and adding more retail space. So, that's one of the things for the long-term. It's one of things where we feel okay and confident about the position that we're in.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It was double-digits, upper double-digits. So, it wasn't -- it was a quarter, which is sort of like what we've seen, down. So, we haven't solved the tool storage problem. Now, these things -- when you start to look -- David, when you start to look quarter-to-quarter, you look at every quarter and you start to look at the numbers, you can get balled up in these things. Some of it types of focus. You launch ZEUS, people focus on that. They may not sell other things, but it's clear that tool storage is not where we would like it and it wasn't where we would like it this quarter again.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's still too early to tell. It's been rolled out in the fourth quarter and we still -- we're still working on the configurator, which was a big part of the refurbishment, the 3D configurator with a little bit more activity. So, it's hard to say that right now, but we believe, based on the receptions I heard, I talked to more than a dozen franchisees, they're pretty positive about it. So, we'll see. These are one of these things -- it's kind of an art. We think we've got to the right mix, but we'll see.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, the Tools Group, the Tools Group, ZEUS was strong in terms of sales. But overall, the diagnostics business was down because of focus on the Tools Group. So, the other products, the mid-tier and the sort of like MODIS, which is between mid-tier and high tier were down and so that offset had a kind of downward push on the diagnostics number. If you look at it off the van, they were kind of off the van, the diagnostics sales were sort of flattish year-over-year and that is against the thermal imager of last year. So, I think the franchisees are looking at it as pretty good sales. Now, of course, the ZEUS is focused on a certain population, the Senior, Senior Tech and the shop owner. So, it's a select group of people you're selling too.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't have time concept on that. All I can tell you is, boy, I'm impressed with the product we're rolling out. You would be too if you set where I am. that's all I can say.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, I think it's -- I sort of think it's like this. Asia-Pacific -- Southeast Asia is kind of weak, but we're -- we were encouraged, so we had some down drafts in places like Indonesia and Thailand, which created some offset. But India, Japan, China, up nicely. So, Asia-Pacific I think, if you look at the total, you're kind of encouraged by that. If you look at critical industries and you look at the down -- aviation was off, but we view it as period-to-period. If you step back and you look -- and you look at the six months associated with our critical industries across all the segments, you're approaching double-digits. So, it's a matter of variation when the projects fall from quarter-to-quarter in various segments. So, that business is a little bit lumpy. Remember that C&I grew -- what are the growth? 10.1% organically in the quarter last quarter. So, we see a little bit of lumpiness flowing through there. We don't see anything -- I don't read anything into the little bit lower growth in the C&I this quarter.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No. Look I think there's always competitive factors in power tools. It's a very competitive sector. I think simply, that is -- Tools Group, they launched a couple of great products last year. Tools Group stacked up with those products. There's a little bit less -- the demand was kind of -- they're adjusting for the demand. So, basically, they didn't have new product this quarter. Therefore, they ordered less out of the tools -- out of the C&I group. It wasn't really indicative or directly associated with the sales of them to the van or the van to the end-user. So, basically, it was adjustment of new products. As they roll out new products, that's going to change.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't think there's any -- I don't think with regard to the market, there's a singularity. There is a nice tailwind, as I said many times, having technicians -- more and more technicians to require more and more diagnostics to be able to do repair effectively. You've heard me say 40% of them have diagnostics now. They're moving where they're all going to need them. And the cars are getting even more complicated so that those diagnostics have to be even more sophisticated. And I guess if there's anything -- any change here, it's the fact that we discovered the power of big data and we are deploying it. So, we've had SureTrack, the idea of the $1 billion records of real repair fixes and now we have the $100 billion snapshots of associated with the smart data. And so those things in the ZEUS, first in the ZEUS and now and what we're rolling out today, the Apollo, really worked pretty well, I think, and have made our diagnostics even more ascendant, and that's worked pretty well. And the other thing is as you look at our focus on the three-year data pack associated with ZEUS, that's an intent to try to have our franchisees spend more time selling software. That's what they're doing.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, it's recorded in tools, but remember that the three-year package is sold by the franchisees and then we record it on an amortized basis over the 36 months. So, we don't get it as an immediate pop. It's kind of different for us. So, we [Indiscernible] the revenue back. Right.
Nicholas Pinchuk: You can think of it this way. Software sales are about one-third of the RS&I business. I think that's a good dimension for it. And most of the software flows through RS&I and some of it to other divisions, other segments.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I never like to talk about comparisons. I always like to look at the quarter itself, that's more or less -- we look at the absolute value and profitability created by the thing, not necessarily compared on a year-over-year basis, that's more for this kind of -- we certainly like to improve. We hold ourselves to a standard to improve, but really, we focus on the creating of value, more value each time. I don't know, look, obviously, arithmetically, weaker comparisons make it likely that you're going to see growth. I mean that's certainly true. I feel confident that the Tools Group, like I said, has the products and the team and the market to go forward. I don't know about the time constant. That's all. There are a lot of variables in this kind of thing. And so I think, as myself, I think I feel increasingly better about the situation, but I don't know when all these advancements are going to take -- get traction.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, you can kind of see that in the intercompany sales I think in C&I. But look, I think I don't want to get down into that kind of detail out in this call. Look, all I can say is the reduction of sales to power tools group had an impact on the overall C&I Group that might've been a couple of basis points or something like that, a couple of hundred basis points, right? Sorry.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, look I think we source our steel from the U.S. We don't -- we source maybe what, $80 million worth of steel, it's mostly from the U.S. It's all from the U.S. Generally, U.S. prices have risen in the last, what, couple of years, 30% I think end-to-end in anticipation of some kind of action around this. So, I don't know what the tariffs will have -- what effect that tariffs will have in the long-term, may be no effect on U.S. steel, may be some slight effect. But we generally think we can price for visible inflation and I think we've demonstrated that over time. The other facts of any kind of over tariffs and so on, generally, we're making the markets, in which we sell in terms of finished goods, sometimes we're importing components, but if those components get tariffs on them, we'll just source someplace else.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I have pondered this question for some time. We grew substantially, I guess, 2010 to 2011, same-store sales. The market itself grew pretty well. So, we don't necessarily focus on in market share or anything like that. And -- but recently, you look at some of the other people announcing good results, well, we have had not where we would like. But when I asked the franchisees, Bret, they say I'm not feeling pressure. So, what's ever happening in our space is not being induced by other people. Their view is, if I'm not selling, it's not because I'm being aced out by somebody else's product. Now, I suppose there's exceptions to that, of course. Somebody could have a better power tool or a better compressor or something like that or for a particular application, maybe. But in general, we don't hear that and I just talked to -- like I said, within the last week, I've talked to more than a dozen guys and I ask them that question and they all said things like that. Now, the competition are smart guys and I'm sure they are prospering, but our franchisees are not talking about or asking about it.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, I tell you what, I really meant it when I said we're rolling it out as we speak. So, I don't necessarily -- I'm afraid of giving stealing the thunder of my guys, but I will tell you this is its predecessor was list priced about $4,500. Of course, the street price has some lower number from that and this will be a premium over that.
Scott Stember: Got it. But from a longer term picture, just to reemphasize that you still believe that this is a 4% to 6% grower this segment over the long haul.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then just turning back over to the intercompany impact from tools on C&I. Can you maybe frame out how much that took out of the C&I's growth, organic growth maybe just try to give us the true organic number is for the -- just for the true C&I end markets.
Scott Stember: Got it. And just last question on tariffs, obviously, you guys used a lot of steel in the like maybe just talk about where your steel comes from and maybe...
