Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think, look, I think they are certainly on an upward trajectory. So that would include better sequential performance. I think that’s quite true. We’re pretty – as I’ve used many times in my comments, we were encouraged by this performance and they seem to be rising. If you look at pre-pandemic levels, which is the appropriate comparison up big and their operating margins are strong. And this is a turbulent time, and they are managing over it. And doing well.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Nothing I can put my finger on. Look, I mean, I think it’s the place you would expect to see that might be in the critical industries where we have a huge range of products, we put together these big kits and you have to ship them complete. So you might have a kit with 1,000 items in it and you have to ship it complete, yet that business was up pretty well in the quarter. C&I was up nicely in the quarter, and that led critical industries led the way. So I don’t think I can put my finger on any of that. Of course, we had some of that. But we overcame it. Part of it is, like I said, agile marketing, allowing yourself, okay, I got something else to sell. So I think generally, it’s not like we weren’t without impact, but we kind of overcame it. It’s sort of like – you remember – you probably don’t remember this Saturday Night Live, Roseanne Roseannadanna, it’s always something. And this is just something of the day and it’s our job as managers to get through it.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I don’t know the electrodes that are implanted in my body giving me the stock price at every moment. I haven’t looked at yet. No, actually, we didn’t see that it was down necessarily. But look, I don’t know, we take advantage of situations. So I don’t know. We say that we’re trying to be agile in terms of share buyback. So I’ll just leave it at that.
Nick Pinchuk: I’m trying to get off the quarter-by-quarter train of looking at product lines because I don’t know whether they mean that much, but I will tell you that hand tools were down this quarter actually versus what we’re, I would say, in condescent levels of Q3. And the bigger ticket items were up in aggregate double digits. So I think that kind of sets kind sort of a reversal of what’s going to happen in lately. And that – I think that gray actually even though the margin was 28.8% – 20.8%, that’s kind of a drag on margins because the highest margin business is hand tools for us in the Tools Group. So that’s kind of an interesting observation, I think, in that regard. But it seems like, at least for our franchisees that tool storage and diagnostics were getting a little more prominent at this time. Of course, euro versus the pre-pandemic levels, they were all up nicely. It has to be to contribute to the 20.6%.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Handles tools were down. But – okay, it’s like I said, it’s always something. They go up and down like that. You can’t read too much into a quarter, but that’s what happened. But we kind of think that boy, it was encouraging to us to see tool stores come back double digits and diagnostics to be nice as well.
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know. No, I wouldn’t say – I don’t think so. It seemed to all be good. I couldn’t parse between. Of course, there are variances in that. I think tool storage very popular at the SFC actually. But I want to point out, Scott, these are all – there are orders. And so you never know. SFC – a great SFC doesn’t guarantee a great finish to the year or first quarter next year. A bad SFC doesn’t doom you to a bad one because you have a lot of other things that goes on between August and the end of the year in terms of selling and ordering and so on. But it’s better than a poke than I would a sharp stick in everything, everything is up double digits. And if you were there, you would have been impressed. I mean the franchisees are pumped. I really mean it. They were – I’ve never seen a more enthusiastic. That’s why we get the idea of exhilaration. I think, we’re going beyond resilience when you’re looking at the auto repair market in this situation.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. It’s – it’s actually – yes, we have a couple of projects in this quarter. I think they are extending – we have one project that’s extended for a couple of quarters, but it’s added a couple – I think another vehicle this quarter where we have from one big manufacturer, we don’t like to name them, but they have four or five EV models that are coming out, and we’re providing a package to dealerships and metered out portion across the country. So there is some of that there. And then, of course, you’ve got dealer FX that is still coming to fruition, but was up nicely quarter-over-quarter, still a little bit of a drag in terms of margins And it’s something year-over-year. So that was pretty nice. We’re seeing ourselves kind of get on that EV train, get in the early warnings. All these things are early warning. I mean when you’re with EV, when you’re getting projects with the OEM, that’s an early warning on what the vehicle is going to need by the time they get into the business. And as dealer effects grows, we have a sort of like a neural network of early warning to see what’s happened in the garage. So we’re kind of positive about that, but it’s a page, there aren’t that many on the road yet.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, who knows? I mean, every day, there is something new, but I think we’re – what I was trying to say was, Luke, we do take steps and our model enables those stacks to be particularly efficacious. The vertical integration means that we don’t buy that much. Most of the stuff is in our house. If you think about a hand tool, Raw steel comes in the back of the factory. And basically, we add very little when it comes out to you’re worried about steel. We buy the steel in the U.S., short of supply chain. We buy some of our chips in the U.S. And closer place. That’s not bad – circuit boards, those kinds of things, so we have those things as well as one of the advantages we have, Luke, and we do this, we’re very aggressive in spot buying. So we go out a spot buy because we don’t buy large quantities of any one thing. If you’re an auto manufacturer, I used to be in Ford. You’re buying something for the new Mustang or for the Ford Focus or whatever it is, you’re buying a lot of stuff and it’s hard to – once that supply chain gets disrupted because the Shanghai port closes because of a couple of cases, you kind of have trouble to move – get any alternative. Well, if you’re only buying a little bit, you go out, you find them in the intercity of the system, and we have our guys actively doing that. That’s why we are not seeing so much in terms of shortage. It may be still a little cost increase, but then we’re agile pricing. So we don’t have such a big problem in that regard. I’m not saying we’re not actively working because, boy, our people are putting a lot of energy into it, but if you look at the numbers, pretty well managed.
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know, but it wasn’t double digits. I mean and it wasn’t as you know. It was probably – if I remember last year it was kind of a little bit less across – sort of across the board in 19, it was probably different ups and downs. So, some guys were up some products, I am talking about guys because I am thinking to the product managers. Some areas were up double digits and others were down. This thing was across the board double digits. It was maple. This is a game plus.
Nick Pinchuk: Gary, before you go away from that, I want to emphasize, like I said for this is orders, not sales, it’s directionally indicative not – but better than a poke and I with a sharp stick, it tells you, you come away feeling good about this. We feel good about this better than we have of any SFC that have been around here.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Well, it’s actually broadly spoken, I think at first, it’s certainly – it’s affecting the – first, it’s affecting the demand for Mitchell, which is up nicely, because Mitchell has got a very complete ADS suite in it, that’s industry leading. And then it’s also helping to drive the equipment business because the equipment I remember, equipment business is holding up. This conference was going to the dogs. And so the – the TruFit – ADAS system, which I talked about I think is something that’s helping drive that undercar equipment growth. And that’s where you set up a system that helps – that physically calibrates the system in the garage. And it’s also driving some of the diagnostics. But the diagnostics with their intelligent features are probably yet to feel the impetus from that. You will see it coming in future quarters.
Nick Pinchuk: We are not going to go into that necessarily. I would say there is some price increase in there. I wouldn’t say it’s the major portion of the organic growth because price rolls through the system. We are seeing some cost increases, but the tools group has been able to manage that somewhat. To the extent you do get pricing offsetting cost increases, it tends to – it tends to knock down your margins because, of course, you get $1 of sales and $1 a cost that tends to do it. But it wasn’t a major effect in this quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Well, I don’t know. I can’t speak for my competitors about being constrained. Actually, in reality to tell you the truth Liz, we – Snap-on is kind of interesting, it kind of works on itself. Our technicians either decide to buy Snap-on or they decide to buy another group of products. They hard – to choose from another group of products, they hardly ever say, “Oh, I am going to buy another product.” And then say, “Oh, I will settle for the Snap-on as the other one isn’t available.” So, I am not sure how much that helps. It certainly puts us in a better position to grow and probably capture new customers who might not be serviced by these people. There is some of that, I think. But I don’t really like to talk about the competition because we really compete against ourselves pretty much. The better we get, the more franchisees capability we have, the more they are able to sell, the better our product is, the more it grows regardless of what the competition does.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I think first of all, I think I tried to make the case and I think it’s quite true that we have a lot of insulation against that. We believe that we can price as we need to because you have – we have a direct model in a lot of cases where we are direct to the end customer versus some other people who are going through several layers. And then secondly, the brand position allows us always to be the price leader. So, we pretty much price relative to our prior products when we are doing normal pricing, David. When we are bringing out a new product, we look at where we are happy really where the competition is. So generally, I think to the extent we see costs arising, we can price against that. I don’t have much worry about that. There is probably not in every nook and cranny of our business, but I think it’s true in most of our business, particularly given that – given our brand position.
Nick Pinchuk: I can’t give you much insight on what was sold off the truck so much with such precision, but it was pretty much the same.
Nick Pinchuk: I would say everybody I talk to seems to be looking for tool storage. Now of course, that’s a windshield survey. You are kind of familiar with those. But the thing is that you seem to see – I think there is a need – people want a little more tool storage. I think inventory, if anything are probably down some versus historical levels. Because, yes, this quarter we had equal, but in past quarters, sales off the truck kind of exceeded the – our sales to the truck. So, I think we have had – if you look back over the last three quarters, four quarters, five quarters, six quarters, you have seen that sales off the truck exceeded. So, I think inventories are kind of down. Now I don’t know what that means. I am not sure that there is going to be a restocking or not. I kind of get the feel that maybe they may restock certain product. Tool storage was nice this quarter. I think off to demand. We had a nice – in fact, big ticket was nice double digits this quarter. So, it’s kind of a little bit of a reversal of what’s been happening previously. You haven’t seen it yet fully in the originations, I guess. But look, I think there is a couple of things, I think one, it takes a while to work through that. And then secondly, I think people are kind of paid down their credit. So, they have got their kind of in a situation where they are able to buy some things that they are able to finance themselves.
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t really have that number, but it’s somewhat lower now. Part of it is because I think just what you say, customer is a little more pros. The franchisees are a little more liquid. But also, make no mistake about this optimism floats in this. I mean the franchisees get a little bit more optimistic, and they say, “Hey, if I can put $1 in RA, I am going to get it back. It’s a great investment for me. Why would I put in the bank or something.” So there is some of that flow through the franchise system. What I – what we view is, I think for sure, is that the customers themselves have unused credit or untapped credit capacity. So, that will come up. We haven’t really seen – there was a rotation at the beginning of the virus period toward RA. But this quarter, I would say it’s kind of stayed solid. RA and EC have been the same as last quarter and maybe the quarter before that was the same way. So, we have kind of found that equilibrium right now. We will see how it plays out going forward. Whatever it has, it didn’t impact our big ticket sales this time.
Nick Pinchuk: Actually David, I wasn’t – in my comments, I wasn’t talking about sales. I was talking about using social media to inform customers about products and promotions and other things, which frees up face-to-face time for actual selling. I don’t really see social media sales as growing that much. I mean it’s not much of a factor right now. Now it might, but I think generally, by and large, the overwhelming use of electronic media via the franchisees are just that to try to orchestrate. Okay, I want you to know about this. So, when I come in and I am going to tell you why you need it, that kind of thing.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Look, it was pretty much the same as past quarters. I think generally, a little bit interrupted – if you want to go back to – I will give you this. If you go back 2 years beyond the COVID era, the third quarter was particularly aberrated by the franchisee conference. So, you get kind of a week early couple of months, certainly early one month in the quarter. July was like a wasteland. And so then things would come roaring back when you got the SFC, people would be keeping their powder dry pretty much. The last 2 years, we have been able to get out of that by a number of artifices. And so it’s a much more standard where you have, of course, a quarter is 4, 5, and so you get kind of that kind of distribution, maybe with a little higher number in the last quarter, but it’s nothing particularly special. I think this quarter of course is above. So, each quarter, it’s kind of an upwards versus its prior numbers. And so you feel like the upward trajectory, you can see it if you look very, very closely at the month-to-month numbers in a quarter as you are going to – as we are going through the months and the quarters and the years upwards. But not much difference in distribution except for that sort of general monotonic trend.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Well, the SFC was live this year. So, you think – look, think of it this way. Okay, we had brand building, we had stock – we had comp expense lease cost. And this was our celebration of our 100th anniversary. So, the SFC and the celebrations we had there were bigger than – bigger and better than any prior years. So, you have some of that into your situation because the franchisees are investing in the company. I think I said they are positive about the days and decades ahead with Snap-on. And so that merits a little bit of celebration when you reach a Centennial milestone. So, there is some of that in there.
Nick Pinchuk: We have a four-piece capital allocation. We tend to be working capital investors. You know what I mean, this is a working capital-intense company. So, when we grow, we tend to – the COVID kind of changed – not changed but obscure that dynamics somewhat. But generally as you grow you have working capital, then we look at acquisitions, we believe we have runways for growth, particularly in owners and managers and the garages or in maybe in C&I in some places. And we have done some of that and Dealer-FX is an example. We have a dividend that we have paid a dividend every quarter since 1939. We have never reduced it. So, we take a look at our dividend with the intent of perpetuity and whether we should increase it or not, and we look at that carefully. And then we are agile about share purchases. So, we have kind of a four-way look at that, and they are all – they are all a draw on what we might do with cash depending on the situation.
