Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. You kind of got it set. I mean, I think if you look at the originations, originations are down. So that's the big-ticket items were weaker. I think originations were down like 4.4%, 4.6% in the quarter. But generally, it's around diagnostics.  If you look at that view, the diagnostics were lower than year-over-year. The Apollo launch was much bigger, it launches into a broader category of customers then the TRITON, which we launched. The TRITON launch was successful versus its prior people, but its prior iterations of that particular segments. And so we're pleased with the launch, but what we've learned with launching Intelligent Diagnostics is our franchisees tend to focus on it, and it tends to be a time-intensive sale. So it has uncertain results for the rest of the diagnostics lineup, and that's what happened in this time.  There also is a pretty strong activity around hand tools. Hand tools is up again in the quarter, and I think one of its highest levels ever so. Hand tools are pretty good. So that sort of the story in that quarter, that kind of balance in that situation.  Now you can look at the numbers, and you can see the margin and so on. So we had gross margins in the Tools Group. I think they were down 80 basis points. And there's about 50, 60 basis points of currency. So fundamentally, gross margin, that gross margin, the profitability was defined by what happened internationally where one of your levers around pricing can't use anymore, gross margins in the U.S. were actually up a little bit.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Look, I can do that. Yes, Tools Group, depends on how you look at the U.K. U.K. was down higher percentages year-over-year in this quarter. It's down I think it was down high single digits in the first -- in last quarter, the first quarter, it was down double-digit, somewhat double digits in the second quarter. But actually, sequentially, the number was about the same. So I'm not sure how to really react to that. You understand what I mean? So it may be -- it should have been higher because it was the second quarter or not. We don't think there's anything structurally wrong with that business. I've been over to U.K. just recently, myself, talked to people and I talked to a number of people who are in the government there, and they say, "People are quite uncertain." And one of the things we know about uncertainty in our business, we saw this in the big recession in 2009, is the technicians have -- are cash-rich, but confidence poor. If they start getting attracted or discouraged by this bad news for Brexit with the macro issues, they start back and away from longer payback items, and that's exactly what's happening in the U.K. You're seeing a lot of backing away from tool storage and diagnostics. So that's what's ailing the U.K., really.  You can see it in the -- you can see it in the originations. Originations are down in the U.S. but they're down bigger in the international and so that's really the situation. So when the confidence comes back, we believe we got a robust business there.
Nicholas Pinchuk: God, I don't know. The problem with that is I don't know when the confidence is going to come back, but I think people feel like the Brexit situation is going to get solved. And I think it doesn't even have to be so. People have to believe that they see it way forward and now bring it back. I don't have any better answer than that for you.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Look, I think -- sure. Well, diagnostics is down in the Tools Group, and diagnostics in RS&I tends to follow that. It also had some external sales in the U.K. And the U.K. has kind of shut down a little bit so you see some of that. It sells around in addition to the Tools Group itself, the diagnostic sales some direct to certain elements of the U.K. government. That is a weakness from year-over-year. So diagnostics is down in the quarter, but Mitchell 1, Bahco. So Mitchell 1 is a great business and all we see is excelsior ever upward in the repair information products, car and truck repair. That's what I'm trying to say in my message there is that repair information for the garages seems to be going pretty well.  We believe that our diagnostics business goes well once we get our franchisees and the technicians comfortable with the huge power of Intelligent Diagnostics. Intelligent Diagnostics is a great product, just more complicated to sell because it's got so many nuances and features. So you saw -- you kind of -- so that all played out, I guess I'm giving you the features, but that all played out for repair diagnostics information in the independent shops to be about flat, about flat in that. And the OEM business, of course, was up nicely, and equipment was sort of flattish. I think it was up a little bit. So that's how diagnostics rolled out in the quarter, I mean not RS&I rolled out in the quarter.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. It was a -- no, it was a national launch, but one thing that happened in the first two quarters of this year is we call them first time activations. Basically, we can see when a technician activates the software. And when the technician, not the franchisee, so we sell to the franchisee, he sells it into the industry, into the marketplace and that the technician who buys it get it activated. Well, activations are actually running ahead of our sales. So in fact, this is kind of a positive. TRITON itself, off to the franchisees met our expectations. It's not the segment that Apollo is. So met that expectations and, in fact, a little bit better than the last launch. The activations, and the activations always follow, and the activations so far are running ahead of our expectation. So we think that's kind of a positive sign, although who knows what will happen tomorrow, but the thing is that seems to be positive. So TRITON itself, I think, worked pretty well.  We've seen this phenomena. When we launched the Intelligent Diagnostics now, it tends to draw the attention of the franchisee who only has set 24 hours a day, and they tend to spend more time selling it because they love the product. Everybody loves the software, harder to explain, little more expensive. And so it tends to diminish what happens in the other product. That's what happened this time. That's why we had the downturn. So we had a good launch, but yet the other product didn't sell as the way they sold another period to the way we expected. What we're doing is -- so what we're doing is, I should add, what we're doing is, is that one of the things you see the OE and the Tools Group, one big component of that is the training seminars and the support systems for the franchisees to sell and to train the technicians and how to use this stuff and to realize how truly important it is and how they can't live without it.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, I don't think anybody -- we wouldn't be happy with continued sales in the U.S. at 1% for an extended period of time. We wouldn't be happy with that, of course. Yet, we do get variation from period-to-period. So that's why we think this is not a bad thing in this situation with these economics, but we would -- we stick to our view that this is a 4% growing business. And absent huge turbulence like what's happening in the U.K., I would call U.K. a singularity. I would call Australia being under economic arrest at least in our sector. So I kind of can outpour those and say, "It really is in our business." We would expect it to get better.  Now the third quarter is always kind of squarely because we have the SFC and so on. And I'm not saying anything I haven't said 10 times before, but we still feel pretty confident. I think one of the challenges for us is to get that Intelligent Diagnostics down to an easier sale, a more natural sale and to get it out there, so it doesn't weigh down on our business. And then, of course, they keep coming with the new products. The hand tools are hotter than heck. If we can keep up that momentum, that's got to accrue to us. So if you look at our capital expenditures, we raised capital expenditures, and part of it is making the hand tool deliveries much more smooth, much smoother because we're investing in new facilities and our distribution systems in Crystal Lake and other places, in our hand tool factories like Milwaukee and other places. And some of our expenses in the quarter, the field support expenses was to support that distribution of hand tools, which were all through that distribution. And so on and so on.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. We have discussions about this kind of thing all the time and so on. I think our -- we feel that -- look, we talk about capital allocation, we say we think this business has a lot of runway. So we think we can keep -- the best use of our capital is to invest in the business. And you can see it now we're investing in the hand tools. We're investing in the training of the franchisees to be able to sell this new -- this transformative diagnostic product better so we see that. Then we say, as we say, we have a dividend, we want to preserve the dividend and make sure it keeps going. We've never reduced it over the years. And then we look at share buyback. We bought back a significant number of shares in the quarter. I mean, I guess it supposedly can be a -- everybody can have a different view of what's a significant number of what we think was more than before. And we take advantage of when the stock price is in an inappropriate place, so we're not in a blackout period. And then we look at acquisitions, and we're looking at acquisitions as we speak. So we have all of those discussions all those things are discussed at the Board level and our level constantly. Probably, the Board and us talks about it regularly.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't know. I mean, the thing is I don't think so. I don't think there's anything different now than before. Maybe our technicians get a little more ease of credit, but I continue to feel, David, that this is on us. Whatever is happening here is on us. When I go out and talk to the franchisees and I just -- like I said I talked, I was just on a truck the other day and I talked to a number of franchisees across the country, 1 in Texas, 1 in California and 1 in the Midwest. And they don't seem to see it that way, that there's a shrinking of demand. It's on us to try to allocate their time the best and get products that will attract them. I think that is the solution. We don't see a back office technician.  Now there can be, we had an interesting discussion, there can be a little bit of period-to-period variation. And one of the franchisees said, "I live in a beer and Budweiser, a beer, a Budweiser and fireworks culture." In other words, around the 4th of July, everybody gets -- goes on vacation and they invest in fireworks and Budweiser. That's how we talked about it, so sales get down a little bit slow in the spirit. That's what he said. But I don't think -- he said it always comes back. So I don't think we don't see any indication of saturation or misdirection could be wrong, but nothing quantitatively or qualitatively said that. Certainly qualitatively, we're not seeing this qualitatively. We're seeing the salaries of the -- I think the salaries, the trailing 12 months grew by 4% for technicians. The technicians itself year-over-year grew by 1.7%. So that's BLS data. So we don't think there's -- and nominal spending on repair moved upwards a couple of percent. No real spending moved upwards a couple of percent year-over-year. So I think, I just think it's still robust, its execution. And one of the things I tried to mention here is, boy, trying to support that launch of Intelligent Diagnostics, it's a revelation, it's a revolution. And when I talk to franchisees, they need help doing it so that's what we're working on: To try to boil things down but just be the quick 7-minute pitch that will convince people.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, the big kahunas there are you said Canada, but the U.K. and Australia. Those are the big players in the transactions there. They pretty much dominate that 80 basis points of currency of gross margin change. And so it's pretty much outside United States.  And how this works out is normally, when currency has happened to us in the past, we've had RCI and the lever, and we have 2 methods of offsetting RCI and pricing, local pricing. But when you're down several quarters in a row and you've got double-digit deterioration in the U.K. and you've got some down ticket sales in Australia, you're appetite to price is a lot lower. So therefore, you're seeing that roll through, and that's really what's happening. The fact that the currency is visiting on the places where it's much more reluctant to test the waters or to push the pricing because we want the volume backup. That's really what's dominating that situation.  U.S., as I said, I know a lot of people have been talking about discounting and promotions and all sorts, but actually it's up again in the U.S. because it's our people in the Tools Group are masters of making heat and light out of programs and really they don't, by and large, don't change their margins. The programs come out and they have different phases and the same names in all kinds of things, but their idea is to generate enthusiasm both with the franchisees and the customers. And I think given some times, it's they often do, but that doesn't mean we're actually net-net discounting.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, it's actually -- it was Fourth of July. It was about -- look, it was kind of like he says, "Look, when it gets warm, your technicians are thinking about other things and repairing cars as a simple" -- well, it's kind of an anecdotal comment. It wasn't meant to -- ought to be a forecast of any kind. I was just trying to give you a view. David asked me if there was variation and appetite for buying or people decided to focus elsewhere. I said I didn't think so, except for this kind of very, very temporal thing that one of my franchisees or several of my franchisees say when weather gets good and vacation's coming, people may not buy as much then, but they make it up later. That's all. That's all.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't think we're feeling price sensitivity any more than we always have. I mean, as you say, everybody's always known that if you buy a Snap-on tool, it's going to be more expensive. And I wouldn't characterize -- I think the characterization you're saying is a little bit not the way we would. We would say people aren't using, aren't buying big-ticket items from us, [indiscernible]. But when they're buying big-ticket items, they're using credit, and RA is credit itself, remember?  Remember that when a guy buys a set of wrenches or a power tool, $600 power tool, he's probably paying $50 a week, and that's stretched out over 12 weeks or maybe, maybe even sometimes 10 weeks or 15 weeks, depending on how the franchisee does it. So everything is about credit, and the RA business is up. So I wouldn't say that credit, it doesn't appear to us, David, that credit is a question. People are reluctant to take it.  Now if you're saying, if you tell me the U.K., then I don't know. I think the U.K., they could be saying, well, I don't know what's going to happen next week. So maybe I'm not going to -- that's where my comment is about, longer payback items. I think we find when pessimism or uncertainty seizes the psyche of the working men and women, including the technicians, they tend to invest in shorter payback things like power tools and hand tools and shy away from the longer payback stuff. That happens. We used to have seen that in the U.S. That's not a phenomenon here.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Inventory, I've seen -- look, I think -- David, I think inventory, if anything, I think our numbers say they're down slightly per truck, but it might be a blip -- I'm not sure that that's irrelevant. But having gone up, I mean the sales off the van have matched I think the sales to the van. So there's not -- we're not seeing any kind of buildup in recent -- the only buildup we've seen over time has been a buildup associated with the sales of the van network. But in general, recently, we're not seeing that kind of buildup so I wouldn't say -- the one thing I would say that I will say that I did say about diagnostics, I don't know what to make of this yet because it's not we don't have it upwards but it appears as though there's more -- there's been more activations than their buy, in other words, sales of the truck of diagnostic bodies and software activations than we have sold to the truck. So from an inventory point of view, that would tend to be a diminishment of that, you would think on the van, you would think.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, David, there is a timing difference. Originations are down because the sales and diagnostics in the quarter weren't that good. That's why -- and so as I tried to lay that out a little bit, maybe I was unsuccessful, but that's the thing. One of our 2 major -- the big-ticket item of diagnostics wasn't as strong as in prior quarters. And so yes, there are timing differences and so on, but that accounts diagnostics account for the lion's share of the variation year-over-year originations. So I think...
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Look, second derivative of, let's say, terminations, people leaving the system. Really the first derivative, it's been pretty flat. So I think generally the second derivative has been generally stable. It's not moving either way. In fact, I think that improved a little bit. It got slightly better in this quarter, so you would say the second derivative, I don't know, I'm trying to think of how that would work in terms of polarity, but anyway, it was favorable in this particular quarter.  Now a really small amount, but generally, that's been about the same for several quarters now. It has been going I think -- I don't know I want to think back about 3 quarters ago, it had been up to then and had been going upwards, going the other way, had been rising, and maybe even up to the fourth quarter. It had been raising a little bit and so now it's kind of gone back the other way in terms of second derivative. So I don't know what to make of that, whether that's positive or negative. Generally, those things get driven by retirement.  The difference between the -- what drove it upwards was retirements by people who had spent more times on the van, and they wanted to go to Hawaii or something for their retirement. And so those are the kinds of things, which are making the difference we saw more of those. I think this quarter, we saw rather less. Still up from, say, slightly from, say, 18 months ago, but down from, say, 5 years ago.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't know. I don't necessarily check all these things, but I don't think so. I haven't heard of that. No one's mentioned that to me so I don't think it was actually. I think it's essentially was, this is -- we sold enough TRITONs. We didn't sell enough of the other stuff.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Yes, yes, it is specifically targeted. The idea, Gary, is to make it versatile so it can accommodate the specificities of systems that are authored by different OEMs. It's pretty -- the whole ADAS thing is becoming very important for us. So one of the things we like is in Mitchell 1, we have a particular ADS suite where when people are repairing the ADS systems, they are -- they're able to go in a particular section of that repair information and can deal with ADS systems and the terms in which describe ADAS. And so it's one of the things that's driving Mitchell 1 upwards, Mitchell 1 was very strong in the quarter actually.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, I don't know. I think it's certainly as expensive as a diagnostic unit so it's a big ticket item, but the independent repair shop is still slightly different. They make -- sometimes independent repair shops pay cash or credit card for these kinds of things. They don't always borrow from us necessarily. So it wouldn't necessarily impact the originations, it might, but I don't think so in this case. So I wouldn't do that.  The thing about this is just to make sure it's clear, everything now when you hit your bumper now you need to worry about the ADAS systems. It's a -- it becomes a -- you have set the sensors that are in the bumper and you have to recalibrate just to be put on the bumper. So that's why there's more and more demand to this. The more there is the peripheral sensors, the more they have to deal with this. And that's why we're pretty enthusiastic about this, and it's been helping us, I think.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No. Tool storage is kind of flattish. It's okay. We've got tools storage okay. It was up versus the last time, quite being up sequentially. It was up so we felt pretty good about that. It's not's tool storage, it's diagnostics. I'm sure we'd like to have -- look, power tools is down, too, but that has to do with the launch, which is coming and people are waiting for like -- there are a lot of things I'd like to -- there are some things that I'd like to have better, of course, but if you will ask me to say, "Well, what do you have to fix to make -- to get back to where you are?" I think it has to do with making sure that diagnostics works [indiscernible].
Nicholas Pinchuk: What happens, Gary, your sales gets driven by the euro and the pounds and the Canadian dollar. And then when you talk about profitability, you see a much bigger influence of the pounds and the Aussie dollar and the Canadian dollar. So there are different currencies that impact us for sales in the quarter.
Aldo Pagliari: The biggest increase is if you look at our divisions, the biggest increase is inventory associated with the Snap-on Tools Group, our European-based hand tools operation and industrial. Those are the ones that have been adding by the way the most, I'd say, across the range of most new products. We have new product additions, it's certainly one of them. The industrial, more specifically, has been pleasantly engaged in more project-based activity in assembly of kits, and they've been compiling more inventory to service those customers. As an example, the U.S. military being a significant one.  And we're trying to improve our service levels, where when you have such a variety of SKUs that we offer across the board and you're somewhat dealing with an environment where people can use discretion to buy, maybe a little bit of an impulse element in there as well. Last thing you want to do is not being able to meet demand because you don't have the inventory on the shelf. So we are willing to err on the side of having adequate levels of inventory across those broad number of SKUs. And at least you got a couple of product ramp ups that are occurring. So for example, we're developing new leaps in some of our factories, and that requires some ramp-up investment. And our inventories are [indiscernible] as well. We're getting it a little low, we're trying to take advantage of the situation where we can and buy smartly. And that divestments is what drives the -- the operating variance, David, it's about $52 million. If you look year-over-year, you're taking out the effects of currency and acquisitions to give you a number.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, there's an element of that, but you have a lot of performance-based compensation that runs through the P&L. So it is related actually to the stock price performance, which accreted more in Q2 of last year, it was actually what it did in Q2 of this year. So you get some variation there, but also the timing of certain expenses, some of them related to legal matters, some of them are related to other just corporate spending. Those are account essentially. So if you look at the back half of the year, my expectation, we typically spend in the quarter. More typical quarter, you're spending in the range of $22 million to $24 million. I see no reason that would not be a good forecast as we look to the back half of the year in terms of our spend.
Aldo Pagliari: So I think, Gary, it's still going to be a headwind if we get into the back half of the year, not as the currency rates stay right where they are right now, we're still going to see some negativity in Q3 and a little bit in Q4. So it's gotten worse is what we would have talked about on our April call with you, but currency is still going to be a headwind over the balance of the year. It was really flat in Q3 of last year and it was about $0.06 negative in Q4 of last year.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes. No. Sometimes the sales is not the indicator to what gets to the bottom line, right? It's transactions, particularly in the Tools Group in the United Kingdom, Australia and Canada is embedded within the activity that you see in the gross margin line, not the sales line. All we're saying is last year, there was no EPS impact. There is a -- actually it was probably 0.2%of OI, I think, here in the last year. And this year, I expect it to be negative at rates they will have to that.
David MacGregor: I guess I wanted to sort of go back to a couple kind of bigger picture questions. And credit has always been kind of a very important part of your value proposition to the marketplace. And so if you advance from the premise that people are using less credit now, does that leave you a little more exposed price elasticity on the tools? And you've always had a pretty high quality tool, not to beat it about it, but also a premium-priced tool and I'm wondering if maybe as credit become -- people become maybe a little less credit dependent just late in the cycle, if people are just becoming more price-sensitive and you're feeling that.
David MacGregor: Could you just talk about -- No, I appreciate you addressing that, Nick. Can you just talk about field inventory levels and inventory on the truck? Clearly, in terms of your reported numbers, your inventory numbers are up but just talk about what you're seeing out there and...
David MacGregor: Can you reconcile -- sure. Nick, how do you square that with originations being down again? And I guess there's been couple of quarters in a row now where your sell-in has exceeded the originations. And I understand there's a timing difference, but that would happen -- last quarter, we would have seen that correct normalized.
