Nicholas T. Pinchuk: There are different -- there are many more opportunities. Of course, that's the biggest one, the United States, that's why mentioned it. But what I meant there was focus, product and presence. And at the base of our extension into critical industries, is the fact that in the past, Snap-on would sell on an almost default basis to some of those customers. We were calling on the 4,000 -- we were calling on that site, but very sporadically. We never focused on it as a distinct customer base that we wanted to solve their problems and make their work easier. And this an example of what we will be doing around the country with other places, focus on them, call on them as they need, provide a product line that fits them. Now we're doing that there, it's just early days, we started that in the quarter, but there are many other places to do that in -- to do the same thing. Regarding margins, the margins are just as good with that business as they are throughout the corporation.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's a mix. In this particular, in fact, I think, in this facility, it's a mix, the facilities buy some and the technicians buy some. And we sell it through a direct presence that's there virtually every day. It's kind of a direct sale. And if you look at the landscape throughout the country or throughout the world, you would find a mix of what you just described. In some facilities, the facility buys and provides the tools and in other facilities it’s the technicians themselves.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: But let offer, in any case, that's a classic example of a Snap-on positioning. It's why it doesn't matter to us so much who buys because the buyer is not -- is usually not a corporate buyer, it's a buyer located very close to the point of use. Even if it's the facility, he's up close -- that buyer is up close and personal to the technician themselves, so the technician has a great influence on what actually gets purchased. So that means that our -- the capabilities of the Snap-on products are quite appreciated and weigh heavily in the purchase, that's why we get the margins.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's not complete. That's an ongoing basis. You'll probably be some more restructuring going forward, the kind of restructuring you've seen in other quarters if you look back in our history, you'll see we're kind of controlled restructurers and we have had restructuring in most quarters. And you're going to see that in our future, much of it directed at S&A Europe, so that will happen. When you see benefits, I would say, it's hard to say it varies from project to project, but a good rule of thumb would be to say 2 year paybacks. And that will give you some indication of how -- what gets off it from the spending.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think 5.5%. If you're talking about recorded -- reported, that has currency inside it. But on an organic basis, it's up -- it is sequentially flat, I know. What you're seeing in C&I is a number of different things. One is, of course, the effect of the Snap-on Value Creation Process as we obviously turns a focus on it in the past couple of quarters so you're seeing that flow through in terms of things like RCI, Rapid Continuous Improvement. And then you are seeing some improvements in Europe and the bottom line associated with some of those restructuring coming through. So you're seeing both of those effects happening. I don't think you can call it a mix thing. We're not seeing much mix in C&I. So that's -- what you're seeing there is pure productivity.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think it's all of the above there. I think there are -- I think we've said fairly consistently over the years that we see 2 distinct runways. One, what you're referring to are runways for improvement, but Rapid Continuous Improvement, driving better efficiency and productivity even at flat sales. And you'll see that play out both in gross margin and in SG&A and in operating expense. And then, you'll see leverage associated with growth that goes forward because we believe those runways are open to us. Things like extending the critical industries and expanding in the repair garage and building in emerging markets, and the Van network, which has been mid-double digits for 3 or 4 quarters now. So I can see all 3 of those things in play. A kind of efficiencies around both areas and margins and expenses, and the leverage associated with volume. Now I'll quickly say that the leverage is not as -- leverage isn't always as definable each and every quarter as you might think, because sometimes you get more sales and the RCI effect to handle all sales to raise the productivity of your factory doesn't adjust quickly enough and you'll get some inefficiencies at first, and as RCI catches up, that drops to the bottom line much more effectively. You get that leverage. We see that in some of our results, particularly the Tools Group this time. The other thing I'd emphasize pretty carefully, as I look out and I see these runways for growth, and I see that growth happening and I see the operating margin happening, this is over a longer term. When we look forward to the third quarter, for example, everybody will probably want to know about the third quarter, this is the most uncertain quarter for us every year. There's a lot of windage in our third quarters. So we see things like the effects of European vacations and the effects of the Van vacations. Remember the van drivers are owner-operators, usually single person in the business. So when they take the couple weeks off or a week off for a vacation, the Van doesn't roll. So our third quarter is not a trend quarter. It's a quarter that has a lot of variation in it. But when you look out over time, we're going to see that -- those 3 things in place, leverage and productivity improvements both at the gross margin line and the operating expense line.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I guess, I don't know if I have that number exactly. I can offer this to you that about -- what do we say, about 22% of our business is in Europe. And the euro denomination about 15% of our activity is in the euro currency. So if that's helpful.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, you said a lot of great things there that are accurate. Let me just say first, the tools group has put together 3 or 4 outstanding growth quarters around 9%, 10%. And you have to give credit to the team there. They are hitting. In baseball parlance, they are pounding the ball. And so a lot of credit has to be given to that team for this. And what you're seeing with them are a couple of things. One is, is that we have some great new products, like I talked about, the ratchet -- the flexible ratchet. Then we have the marketing efforts like the rock 'n roll cab which is generating to think about it, a van is really small and so how many boxes can a van driver carry on his van? So when the mechanic gets on, he can only see 2 colors or 2 sizes, the rock and roll cabbie can see a whole wall of this stuff and so it generates a sort of the impulse purchase. And so you're seeing that great marketing effort. And then, our van network has been just getting stronger and stronger when you look at the health metrics of the van, the sales were up, the equity is up, the terminations are down -- just gotten stronger right off the recession because we invested in them. And finally, we've invested in productivity in our vans. So that our drivers are spending more time selling. So you've got those 3 things happening, you got all 4 things happening, that's driving those sales. And so that's how I explain that, the van business and the expansion there.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Okay. I'm really happy about the 15.8% in tools and the number without it. But it's one quarter, so I don't know if I'm actually resetting my benchmarks yet. I've got to think about it. And I would also say that when you look -- I just want to emphasize, when you look forward, things happen from quarter-to-quarter, we feel pretty good about our trends, but this is one quarter and I am confident in our upward trend. I am confident in the runways for growth and improvement. But I'm not sure I yet want to reset my target based on one quarter achieving it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sure. I think so, but I want to say that we've been here -- we're just getting to this level. And when I say something, I don't mean every quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Every quarter. I'm talking about -- I think it's a great sustainable direction. I've already said that the third quarter is kind of squirrely, and you never predict anything about this. But I think over trend -- over the trends, this is a good base for thinking about our business. And I've also said to so many, I think maybe I said to you when I met with you, is that I believe that Snap-on. And I've been around the block. This is not my first rodeo. I've been around the block and Snap-on has a great, great franchise in the broadest sense in terms of brand, in terms of products, in terms of customer reception, customer loyalty and if we can't get top level returns, then we'd be disappointed.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I think, talking about moving forward, our uses of cash, I think I've said in the past are to invest in the business, and you've seen us step up CapEx. I think we raised our target this time because we can see opportunities to invest in, particularly in things like capacity and so on we can -- and in emerging markets. So we can see great opportunities for payback in those things and we're actually getting more capable in spending. So one of the things that keeps you -- that makes this possible is we're just getting more effective in managing those CapEx expenditures. Secondly, you just talked about it, the working capital, as you grow, you need working capital. I have cautioned everybody that I don't see working capital as a source of cash going forward. It will be probably a use of cash going forward because we expect to grow. And then I see M&A, I see acquisitions around the coherency of our businesses, around the critical industries, around the repair shops serving owners and managers and in emerging markets. I see acquisitions to make in those areas. And so those are the places where we'll be spending our money.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't think we'd comment on those kinds of things. But I think we are obviously closer. We're getting further out of the credit company.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Let me just add one thing at the end. I think I mentioned the use of cash, and I take it as a given around here and that is dividend. We have paid a dividend every quarter since 1939 and we have not reduced it. So that's part of our DNA here. So that would be another use of cash that I want to make sure that I don't overlook when I discuss it here.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think I only mentioned Russia pretty much in Europe in the script anyway, but you can think of -- really what we're talking about, Gary is the periphery, the Eastern Europe and we put Turkey in there and things like Belarus and other places. If you think about -- actually the Maghreb countries would be part of that. So they would be -- we happen to sell into Northern Africa. So I kind of think of it as a circle around Europe. In the middle, we're selling some in those areas. So that's where the business is up. Why we're encouraged by that is that, that seems to us to confirm that the business in Europe is still robust and has a great value proposition as long as the economies are unafflicted, people keep buying.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I think mostly, mostly. Actually not North Africa so much. We've been in North America for the dog’s age. But Russia and Belarus and places like that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, what we saw -- those are down. It is like this. How I would describe Europe is like this. The Spain, deep reductions. Spain -- the Southern Europe is deep reduction. As we've seen, the periphery up robustly and the core is mid-single digits down. That's what we're seeing. And what we -- I think a one little nuance in this call is -- or this report is we're not seeing decelerate -- we're not seeing acceleration of that downward motion. It's still down, but the comparisons are about the same. But they haven't gotten worse. That's sort of the report I would give you as our look on Europe.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, yes, right. Well, 2008 -- 2008, yes. It doesn't feel like that. It doesn't feel like it was in the first quarter. I think things -- we thought things, the fourth and the first quarter of 2011 and the first quarter, we saw things getting deeper. On a year-over-year basis, things aren't getting any deeper now. They're still agony on a year-over-year basis. But it isn't -- the hole isn't deepening.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: First, I beg to -- if it's possible for me, I beg to differ a little bit in your characterization of 4.5% as low. I have always characterized our growth as 4% to 6% organically. And 4.5% Is within that range. And so, therefore, from my perspective, this is just another data point. I never said we were going to hit 5% every year right in the middle of that in the quarter. So to me, the organic growth is kind of what you expect. We'll see some bigger than that. But I like being in the range. And I believe Snap-on value creation, I think I've said this before, Snap-on value creation, it authors improved profitability at flat sales, let alone small growth, small growth. So I think that's a factor, of course, your margin expansion gets slower then, but you still get that -- you still get margin expansion.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. The answer to this is no. I was just -- about 2 weeks ago, I was with 700 customers at the national NHRA championships in Joliet, and I didn't get to meet all 700 of course, but I got to meet quite a few of them, and they were uniformly positive. And just a couple of days ago, I was out on a van riding around the countryside stopping at garages and shops and so on. And they seemed, I would say, fairly positive and full of business. So I don't think that the grassroots level you see much out there in terms of moaning or saying, this is -- things are tough or anything like that. I don't see that. Now there's the odd person that has a problem depending on what's been happening, particularly if it's a franchisee and let's say Ford and General Motors have closed a dealership in his area, so he's re-adjusting with other stops we give him. But generally, I'm seeing fairly good positioning. Now I'll remind you that we view ourselves as recession-resistant, not immune. So what happened the last time is when the recession eventually rose people kept buying -- people kept repairing cars. The journal was running articles like economy is glum, but repair shops hum. And what happened was our customers kept buying short payback items like wrenches and hand tools, but they stopped buying big-ticket items like toolboxes, tool storage units, and we're still seeing that business robust.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't think so either. We're not -- again, we operate in criticality. So generally, our customers hold on to our buys a little longer. And what I mean by operating in the space of criticality is that you're selling to someone who knows that if the machine he's or whatever he's maintenancing or whatever he's supporting has a problem, the consequences of failure are high. Therefore, he has a tremendous motivation to try to pay for the repeatability and reliability of a Snap-on level product. And so that tends to be more resilient. Now it's not unaffected by recession either, but we were up double digits in that business. And there's a lot of landscaping there. The military was flat, the government was flat, the aerospace is up, natural resource is up and it's always so. There's always landscaping, but it was pretty good. Emerging markets. People ask me about emerging markets all the time, but everybody's talking about China slowing down, and it maybe so. But if you think about this, repair business in China hasn't even started, the repair wave hasn't started. They sold more in cars in China than any place else in the world last year, but all the cars in the road are new versus -- and not many of them, 60 million, 70 million cars on the road and they're all new versus United States where there are 300 million cars on the road and the average is 11 years old. So the business hasn't even started in China, just rising. So when we look at our results, we're not a good barometer of economy there. We should be rising anyway because our sector is just rising.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, yes. The profitability impact was lower than that. So it's not -- you're looking at that $21 million is give or take -- government work is 3% impact, the profitability impact is substantially lower than that. Looking forward, you'll see. You can -- if the exchange rates stay where they are, you could be thinking about 3% again I guess. And then I think when you start to look at year-over-year, the comparisons get a little easier as you get out into other quarters.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think that's hard to say, but I think you could say $25 million, $30 million a year or something like that, those kind of numbers. I don't know. We try not to put a number on that. I kind of try to address that when I said the restructuring paybacks was 2 years in Europe.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, not -- no, it's not the same. We have restructuring, but we also get RCI. They're different -- they're distinct things, but, I guess, I was trying to give you some kind of a view of the kinds and numbers we were going to get out restructuring. But you can look at that number, you can go back and look at our productivity numbers, you can see the kinds of numbers we've generated on an annual basis, on sort of flat sales, and I think you could see that going forward. Normally, how I answer this question is that people I think are -- I don't know if this is your concern is that, maybe you run out of opportunities. And I don't think we are. I think there's a lot of a -- Snap-on. Mainly because there are a lot of processes in Snap-on. A hand tool is heavily integrated if you think about it. You don't buy many components. You have a piece of steel comes in the back of the hand tool plant, the finish products goes out the output front and really, pretty much everything that goes into the hand tool is done inside the plant, you don't buy anything for it. So there's a lot of opportunities for RCI and then you have 65,000 SKUs, which creates a complex landscape. So we see a continuous run, but I hate to commit any one particular number. I know you'd like to have one for your model, but I hate to commit to that. I just say that I believe we hold ourselves to a standard that on flat sales we expect to have improvement.
