Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, I think there's a couple of things, I think one, this isn't a tool storage and that it was a much more focused growth. We introduced the - certainly the first thing is when we had that rise, we introduced the Rock N' Roll Cabs and the Techno's, which really focused on more or less a particular product line. This was a - this is a broader thing, much more rooted in kind of agnostic process from a product point of view of expanding the capabilities of the tools - of the franchisees. We harness social media better, we're training them better to get the elevator pitch down, and we RCI their vans, or we worked on this for quarters before maybe even in 2019. And we worked really hard in the COVID, because we had time to focus on it. And that's really paying off. It's showing that these franchisees can hit this 20%. The other thing is, I think we got some good products, particularly around hand tools. We package the hand tools, so we're selling not only individual tools, but also kits aimed at a particular problem, and they're becoming pretty profitable, popular. We didn't talk about them on the call. I mean things like putting together a set of sockets that are for particular applications in foam. They're wildly popular. And then the other products we have in terms of tool storage and diagnostics. They're really baffled and that's driving that that broad appeal. And then the final thing, I think you could think, look, there's a lot of this condition, you could - people might say this is recovery, but the sales off the van over last year exceeded the sales to the van, so you wouldn't think there'd be recovery in that. Not so much recovery in that situation. It's going off the van at the same level. The whole year was up. And same things happening this quarter, sales up the van is the same as we're selling to them. So you look at this, you might say it's a stimulus and the stimulus could be helping us this way. We don't know, when you're talking to technicians and people in a practice stimulus seems to be always going into bank accounts or paying off debt. And the other thing about it is, by the way, we think it's product and process based because the international business, UK, Australia and Canada are up and a regional stimulus is there.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, they tend to be - they're in I would say maybe in the double digit percentage of the dealerships, but they tend to be concentrated in a couple of OEMs. And so there's a lot of whitespace to grow in that situation. We see that tremendous opportunity. And the other thing about Dealer-FX, I think we talked about this in the acquisition, they're just now sort of rolling out this new - their updated system that was ready to go, but the COVID hit. So now they get the chance sight at the apple with full force. But again, these are things we knew when we acquired them. It's early days, we've only owned them for a couple months. So we're still getting on, but we're pretty confident we're in the right place at the right time like I said in my comments.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, because they're going to sell to dealers, we see them as sort of like the advanced warning net for us from a strategic point of view. You remember the old do line, I used to be across Canada, to make sure we figured out what the Russia bombers were doing when they're coming over the goal - over the North. So this is the same kind of thing.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, those things are particular to a particular vehicle. We have a business. We call the EQS business that really is rooted in new technology. When new technologies roll out, or one of the people, the OEMs come to, to say, hey, put together a set of tools. Now in one of these, we have a 70 unit toolset that we provide that supports a certain new vehicle that's coming out. So I mean, that's, that's one of the things and so - and yet there's another one for another new vehicle. So as people roll out new vehicles, they commission these kinds of things to facilitate the dealerships to be ready to deal with it. And then everybody figures out what other things might happen and that shows up and we launched other tools to match that that the OEMs didn't even anticipate going forward. Those are the kinds of things. And we have a set of tools. We have a standard set of tools for electrics that are what we call insulating tools with glass infused nylon that allows us to - technician to use them safely against - and be approved against some pretty high voltages and so that's sockets and pliers and screwdrivers and kits to disconnect the electric vehicle safely and that kind of thing.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Sure. They're rooted - they're pretty much agnostic to the power train. They're more or less having to do with the sensors - the neural net of the sensors around the vehicle.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, the thing is that we have visibility into the new platforms. We are franchisees, which visit the dealers every day. So they tend to have a look at the, what I would call the more persnickety problems that arise all the time associated with vehicles that no one ever anticipated. The Dealer-FX is the repair shop management software. So you get to see what's happening in an aggregate kind of like databases to look at this kind of thing and say, okay, well, they're having a lot of problems here, they're having a lot of problems there. And you get to understand the difficulties associated with that. So it's not so much an observational thing it's a computational thing. Those are the kinds of things that help. So it just adds to our position. And then we also have a non-peril position in the repair shops afterwards, after vehicles age, and they end up in independent repair shops, which is what you're referring to. We're in more shops for more hours in days. And that's what drives our product line. So when new technologies show in whether you're talking about automated vehicles or electric vehicles, they're going to roll through this, we're going to see them via Deale-FX probably first, then we're going to see them via the franchisees that call on dealerships to understand the nuances of some smaller and more difficult problems that are harder to predict via just maybe the bigger problems, the 20,000 foot problems that the software might see. And then as they roll into the aftermarket, we have probably almost proprietary visibility on that. That's what generates our proprietary databases that I talked about 200 billion repair records.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, that I don't know. You know what I mean? I don't know that. All I know, is they can go that high. You know what I mean? We now approved, it's sort of like a stress test. We know they can go that high. And they're not complaining. I had a franchisee telling me, I asked him about something about his market. I asked him about what is the market like and so on? He says, I don't know, I'm too busy selling tools. So he's out there now. He didn't say he didn't have more capacity, because he was asking me for more units. So in other words, he was short of a particular product line. So he thought he could sell them more. So we think they probably have a little more upside. But in this kind of situation, Chris, you'd have to keep pounding. We'd say okay, we got to keep working on expanding the capabilities because no matter where they are, you want more when you go forward, right.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. What happens is - just one question. What happens is you observe what's happening at a certain throughput level and that reveals the pinch points and you work on that.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, look, I think one of the things we're seeing is our third quarter - third month was higher in this period, but they're, they're almost always higher a little bit, if you look at this. So I would say, we would have said that adjusted for what we expect. The sales were about level through the quarter kind of constant. Generally we have our own sort of like, view of what's going to happen when you roll out of the beginning in first quarter for example, and so we have some view, but this generally seemed about we expected. We weren't surprised by any month in this quarter, I would say. So I think - we think it's kind of held strong each quarter. I don't see attenuation, if that's what you're asking.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, yes. I mean, the thing is sure. Look, we like change. Like we said, I think we've said the house come home, that changes our friend and we love to have it. And the earlier we can see change, the more we can, as you say, call in the air strikes about investment and so on. And so the Dealer-FX acquisition was about positioning ourselves at the forefront at the vanguard, if you will, of new technologies, not just electric vehicles, but new technologies that would impinge on the car park. So that's what we're doing. And so we'll continue to look at that in terms of, okay, what do we learn from that, how can we invest in other places to follow that change. But make no mistake about it. The revelations occur in each aging of the vehicle, so things change as you roll out. When the vehicle rolls in, people think this is what's needed. And then a couple of years go by and we see that these are what's needed. And some of it isn't even - this is what I was trying to say before is some of it isn't the fact that you have to repair, let's say, a particular item or you have to recalibrate the sensors. It might be revealed to us in the difficulty of doing those products - those processes, which everybody - first, you understand you got to do it and then you realize, wait a minute. On these particular vehicles, you need special tools just to do them because they're configured in an odd way. This is - and we learned that as it went through. And so basically, we see ourselves this electric vehicle, the EV, the new technologies. It's just the version of what's happened before, only maybe hopefully at a faster pace, which gives us more to sell. And so our activities will be to try to anticipate those changes more quickly, invest in them and then enjoy.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Look, I think - actually, it's not really - collision repair was better in the United States, not so good in Europe. I would say the big feature there for us was the undercar equipment, aligners in particular, but this ADAS stuff, stuff that really focuses on the neural network of the business. That's what drove that change. You're right. It was a really welcome change, double digits for the equipment. That was a turn of events that we really love. We haven't talked about a thing like that associated with equipment in a while. So that's part of the overhang that because it's a lower-margin business, that's part of the mix overhang on RS&I. But that turn, I think, based on the change in vehicle complexity now driven by the autonomy, these autonomous features, and therefore, undercar equipment was important. We're starting to see some recovery in collision in the US. Like I said, Europe seems to be dead as a door nail. The miles driven, we're seeing it start to come back. The curve looks just like other years. It's just came back from the shock of the virus. So it went down 30% year-over-year in the shock. And now it's according to BLS data - according to the data we see, it's staying around 10% below pre-COVID levels that it's inching back. I would expect, though, that as people - and that's not surprising every time you look you turn on TV, you see people feeding in from home. Once people go back, I think this all changes.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Yes. Not pretty much, everything was up, but hand tools led the way. Diagnostics was strong. Power tools was nice as well. So smaller ticket items were - are ascended in this period. You can see our RI business, how the kind of sets because the guys are a little more - like I use the word, there's still an air of vigilance. They're positive. But they're a little more vigilant in this situation. So even the tool storage, they tend to be focused on the smaller purchases in the tool storage area. So that thing. But I would say that each of the - each of them, each product line had a pretty good quarter, maybe not up to the 25%, we're pretty satisfied with all the product lines, but the top one was hand tools.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Look - yes, well, look, we've got material inflation in these numbers. We can't see them, can you, right. And so part of the thing is you got - you kind of got an interesting cocktail of reduced travel, controlled costs, material inflation floating through this. And the general managers in our businesses are balancing all these, like balls in the air. And so yeah, we might see some, but we're not - at the same time, we can also price. And I think the tools group has got another price increase going out. They just announced in April - early April, they announced the price increase, so they're going to have one coming up. And so we think we're the price leader and we can price for visible inflation, so you have that in the play too. So we might see some going forward where we think it's under control. I mean, this is - I think I said in another forum that this is kind of what they pay us for to manage this stuff.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I think - yeah. I think everybody is anticipating the schools. I think there are some schools back. And then - but I would say the big factor, Curt is that the schools are starting to anticipate the return of the students. So they're starting to facilitate. So the education business is up principally because you're selling to the schools. And so we have a two-pronged view there. We sell to the students and the schools and we see a lot of students starting to warm up. And I think - I also think in this day and age, just starting to see, if I were sitting in a community college and I'd see the Biden administration rolling in there, and I don't think it's a political statement to reveal that he has a particular bent, given his wife's orientation and then things he said to community college technical training. And so I think that might be a positive view and created an area of optimism in the school. So I think that changed the dynamic some. It was - we're pretty pleased to see it. And in fact, again the critical industry businesses got back above the pre-COVID levels. I think that - I don't want people to miss that. We're above pre-COVID levels. And by the way, we're bearing the COVID at the same time. So I think that - and that's where C&I was. They've been going each quarter. They've been getting a little closer to 2019. This time they flipped above it. We view that as an incredibly positive event.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, here's what I'll tell you, is that the big-ticket items weren't up in - it weren't up like the 25%, but they were up nicely in the quarter. So they were up -
Nick Pinchuk: No. They weren't up double digits in the quarter, but they were up. Again, when you look at the absolute numbers, they were reasonable in that situation. So we're pleased with those numbers. So you had that. And then within the big-ticket items, let's put diagnostics side, if you look at tool storage, the tool storage mix has been for a while, closer to the, let's say, carts and other things, and there's a lot more RA going on. So the franchisees are flushed with cash. So you're seeing some of those franchisees finance these items. That's really the factor. Now you could argue that - you could also argue, Dave, that we're - I think that's really what's going on. You could also see it's hard to tell this. You could see we're getting stimulus need to pay for some of those things instead of borrowing. But we kind of view that as great because as Aldo said you just got borrowing capacity out there in the future. So this is a really good thing for us. We love it when RA is up.
Nick Pinchuk: I don't think that - we don't think that's true. First of all, the announcement goes out in April. So I don't think people are pre-buying. The people may be buying. Generally, what happens in these kinds of things are buying off the kickoff programs or the - even back to the kickoff program. So they're fundamentally buying off that. I'm talking to a bunch of franchisees so they keep telling me their inventories are low on this stuff. They can - they'd like to get more, but they don't get them. They don't have it. So I think this is - the idea of the pre-buy, we didn't see any of that. Now I'm not saying franchisees are what, 3,500 of them. So you can get windshield surveys on them and you can get different ones will have different views. I can probably get a hundred different opinions when I go out. But generally, we don't see that, Dave. We see the situation - they're not stock. In fact, we think we're confident that franchisees' inventories are actually down or flat at best. They're not up.
Nick Pinchuk: And if you look back to the first quarter of last year, sales off the van exceeded sales to the van.
Nick Pinchuk: I don't necessarily see it that way. But anyway, necessarily, they could order, but they might not have them.
Nick Pinchuk: You know what, Dave? Sure. Look, I think it gets to be a complex question, David, because almost everything is - there's a lot of promotions floating through the system. So it's not just the list price increases. It's also what are your promotions and so on. So we've never had a problem, tool storage or otherwise in terms of getting or matching inflation. We've never seen that. So I can only tell you what is in history. And it's a complex cocktail. You raise the list price. You adjust your promotions. You have long-term promotions, you have drop in promotions. It's a dizzying array of those things. And what comes out the other end is a matching of the inflation. So generally, you feel we can do that on a macro basis. And you can't do that unless you do it until storage and hand tools.
Nick Pinchuk: All right. We don't see that being a problem right now and there was inflation in this period. So I mean the thing is we don't see that being a problem now. Of course, you can't say it'd go on forever. But I think the - look, I think the whole thing is this. The mechanics seem to love to buy tools. It's one of the top things on their priorities. I think that these kinds of changes don't necessarily make a difference. Now who's to say how the inflation would play out across the country in a lot of different commodities, but I think - I would tell you this, I think we would be going to be one of the last to be affected by it.
Dave MacGregor: Yes. Good morning, everyone and good morning, Nick. Congratulations - yeah, congratulations on the strong results.
Dave MacGregor: I guess first question, I'm still really struggling on this disparity between originations and the sell-through. You had indicated the sell-through was equivalent with the sell-in. So let's call it the sell-through up 25%, originations up 2.4%, which is one of the -
Dave MacGregor: Okay. Well, maybe I'll take that offline with Aldo and try and get through the math a little bit better. I wanted to ask you about - you'd indicated about just volumes on the quarter because you indicated that you'd announced in April a price increase, which I think is May 1. You've got kind of - you communicated to the franchisees that you're experiencing growing backlogs. I don't know if that's around tool steel or what may be responsible for that. But under those circumstances, my understanding is there's some pre-buy going on in the month of March. And I'm just wondering if you can quantify for us the extent to which you can just combine -
Dave MacGregor: Yeah. I find that a little surprising given everybody in the franchise world knows that there's stimulus money coming down the pipe and they want to be positioned for that. And then my understanding is you communicated to the franchisees that there was a backlog issue in March, and I would have presumed that guys would pre-buy on that. So I'm always surprised to hear that inventories on the truck are flat to slightly down, a little bit counterintuitive, I guess. And then last question for me is just on price elasticity -
Dave MacGregor: Right. Okay. And then price elasticity around storage. I guess, it's - these are some pretty big increases we're seeing in steel prices right now. And as a consequence, I would expect some pretty big increases on price tags on some of the storage product at least and maybe in hand tools given what's going on with nickel alloy product. But can you just talk about how you expect that to play out over the balance of the year as you raise your prices? How vulnerable do you think that category is to higher prices given -
Dave MacGregor: Great. I'm more focused around the mechanics capacity to purchase and their purchasing power and these products just maybe finding themselves a little bit of reach. You're not concerned about that right now? You're not getting an indication that -
Dave MacGregor: Great, if I could, just for the model, two quick ones. What was the U.S. versus international in terms of growth and -
