Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Aldo. Well, at the beginning I said I would speak on what this all means, I want to try. First, it means that Snap-on and its markets are resilient. The virus, probably the greatest threat to our society and to business and in many decades it was a great shock. Miles driven down big dealerships, many furloughed, no travelers, aviation, no travelers, oil and gas and free-fall [ph] and education, virtually little need for equipment, nobody is in the classrooms, and yet we weathered this shock without trauma.  The credit company stepped in with just the right bridging at just the right place for customers and franchisees and our direct selling vans kept rolling, quickly accommodating to the environment. Snap-on kept investing in our product, our brands and our people, and we accommodated and recovered to post four straight quarters of above pre-pandemic results, tracing a B shaped recovery and emerging from the height of the storm stronger than we entered, resilience against the greatest business threat in memory. But it's more than resilience, more than bounce back, it also demonstrates great flexibility. As the world passed through this shock, through accommodations of psychological recovery, change was the order of the day and Snap-on adjusted. Fuel by our fortified advantages and product brand and people, we accommodate it. The pandemic limited face-to-face interaction. We expanded virtual contact and came away with some long term social media tools that will enable our franchisees for some time.  When technicians focused on shorter pay back items, we gave them hand tools and power tools and torque. When repair leaned away from maintenance to complex repairs and the shock, we provided ADAS calibration tools and intelligent diagnostics and helped our franchisees expand their selling capacity to manage those more complicated offerings efficiently.  When some critical industries weaken, we developed offerings for those that maintained. When the virus attenuated the distributors in Europe, we focused on customization and more direct interactions. All of that achievement in a time of change demonstrate Snap-on’s flexibility and confirms we can prosper mid-future change going forward as we've always done, by observing work and solving whatever the new problems are.  Snap-on’s second quarter, tools grew up in all geographies and in all product lines. Sales up 17.1% compared with 2019 and OI margins up 21.4%. C&I gains offsetting the challenges of the lingering COVID, rising profitability to 15.8%, up 120 basis points from the pre-pandemic level, even with the 90 basis point impact from unfavorable currency.  RS&I, sales up 8.5% versus 2019. Undercar equipment and OEM projects recovering in an OI of 21.8% down from the pre-pandemic, but still strong. In Snap-on overall sales is up 9.3% organically versus 2019, an OI margin of 20.1% and an EPS at $3.76, up meaningfully versus every comparison. It was an encouraging period again, demonstrating resilience and flexibility. Encouraging for the now and we're confident, encouraging for the prospects of growth and improvement for the future on through 2021 and well beyond.  Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates. Your support is the fundamental element in driving our continuing positive trend; for your role in helping our society and our company to navigate the pandemic, you have my admiration. For your contributions in offering this quarter’s strong results, you have my congratulations; and for your continued commitment to the Snap-on team, you have my thanks.  Now, I’ll turn the call over to the operator. Operator.
Nick Pinchuk: I think it's a combination of that. I think they are. I think they are and our franchisees are more flush and therefore they are able to underwrite the shorter payback that even for bigger, even for a medium ticket items which might have going on EC before the franchisees are willing to underwrite it and let them pay RA.  I do think the technicians are kind of – have good cash, because the business has been going well for quite a long period of time and they are interested in continually investing in tools, so you see that as a factor. I mean that's certainly a factor in the business. And one of things we see is, is that you'll notice that RA is very strong versus EC in this quarter and we see that as you know the technicians are buying and still have capacity to buy more in the future, because they have borrowing capacity under our EC. 
Nick Pinchuk: You know, I don't know, the technician population is pretty spread. I wouldn't say they are more or less. In fact I think they are – I think they are the kind of the average, the every man. There are old technicians and young technician, so I don't think there's any particular concentration. You know you don't go into a garage and see all young people. You don't go see all old people either, so I don't think there's any particular position in that and they have some kids, but not different than the regular population. By the way, you know Aldo has to apologize for his voice. He was at the Deer District overnight at the Bucks game, so he's a little under the weather.
Nick Pinchuk: They are no so much – sure, they target new customers, but what I’m really referring to hear without – I didn't want to get into in the remarks because there’ll be a lot to say and I don't.  Really what this is we used social media before, but in the pandemic we realized a more effective way to use them was to pre-brief customers, in other words to contact them. You know at first we started out by saying, okay, we want to stay in touch with our customers via social media or any electronic means that could do it at a distance, but then we realized, Boy! It's a powerful tool for making for sales efficiency when you're actually in front of them.  Because what you can do is contact them on the social media, you have a relationship with them, you can pre-brief them about how a great new prod – what the elements of a particular new product is, like the 14.4V power tool I talked about or the Techwrench I talked about and then you can also pre-brief them on any promotions we might have. And so then when you're actually spending the time in front of the technician, you can spend your time closing the deal. This kind of shrinks the time and so it takes some of the pre-sell out of the face time and makes it more efficient, that's what we're talking about here. We learned how to do that very well in this – in the pandemic and that's going to serve us well.  And as part of the idea, remember I always said that the pacing element for sales through the tools group has been the franchisees time where they are hitting new limits. They are up 17% versus pre-pandemic levels and it's because we've expanded their capacity. 
Nick Pinchuk: Excuse me Scott, I didn't actually say that. Hand tools did not lead the way this quarter. It was up big, but actually the best year-over-year number was tool storage. 
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, but they were all big. I mean when you compare it to 2020, everything looks great you know. I mean it's all great, that was the nature of downturn. But there is no doubt, what I tried to say with that, all products, all geographies, just our way of saying that tools group had a gangbusters quarter. 
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, Europe is above pre-pandemic levels. Now, okay to be fair you know, Europe wasn't all that hot you know in 2019, but it's still clearly above the pre-pandemic levels. In other words it's offset whatever the impact of the pre-pandemic was. The tools group is pretty much across all geographies, which is kind of interesting, because there ain’t no stimulus in the U.K. and Australia and Canada. 
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, I think we are. I mean I don't know. Who – you know it could be famous last words Luke you know. You got a lot of people talking about the delta variant and all this stuff, I don't think so. I think the people of work, the people in the factories and the people in the garages, like I’ve said on other calls, are kind of thinking you know they've weathered the storm you know and they're not going to get shocked again no matter what, and so I think they kind of changed their level, they are starting to recover, and so you start to see people – you know we saw it in our tool storage numbers. One of the reasons why we took the franchisees, you know the franchise council to Algona, our tool storage plant, is everybody is screaming for more tool storage. Now, one of the effects was that when we entered the COVID they sold down their used inventory – their used boxes that they had taken in trade you know, so they had a lot of that rolling out, but still they are looking for boxes now, so I think things have turned.  The question is, are the franchisees so flush with cash that they want to finance some of those boxes or some of them, sometimes they sell them a locker, which is not quite as expensive as a box and they can afford to finance those kinds of things. But I do think, when I talk to franchisees, they are telling me that they’ve kind of turned the corner. They’ve turned the corners probably to – maybe too binary a word for it you know. We were coming back though. Things are pretty optimistic in the shops. 
Nick Pinchuk: You know you're not going to get me to forecast the quarter, you know what I mean. I'm not going to say you know we're going to build on a 17 – they were upward over 17% increase over pre pandemic levels. But all I'm saying is the tools group, the reason why we say all products all geographies is we can't find anything wrong with it, and we always can find warps in some places you know, this is a good, you know what I mean, so we like our moment. How that plays out in the third quarter, I'm not sure.  You know you've been on the call. We’ve been on these calls a long time and I've always said that the third quarter is not – I'm saying I like our momentum. I think we're going into the quarter really strong. We feel stronger than last quarter, but I will add that I've always said that the third quarter is not necessarily a trend indicator, whether it's way up or way down, it has to do with all that windage, you know how many how many vacations to people take in Europe is one big thing, and the franchisees are allowed to take the same vacation as last year or more, I don't know, but I do think I haven't seen the tools group this strong. 
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah well, if you – you know I don’t know. I think – look it’s starting to come out of the thaw, because I think you can imagine why people are a little more reluctant in the COVID. There’s a lot of interaction questions, a lot of viscosity and that kind of thing. I think they grew by 2% to 2.5% sequentially, so that's not bad I think.  So whether that has to do with the thaw or actually people getting more excited, I don't know. I do think when I talked to franchisees, they do more quickly go to the conversation. Gee! May be I ought to get a – I’m doing so many, so much business, maybe I better get a franchisee. The guy in California was just talking about that. This guy just started like a few years ago. He signed up for a competitor and then he was talking to the guy and he said, you ought to go – the guy was sold him the thing. He wanted to go to the best, so he came to Snap-on and the thing is this guy is so pumped, he is going up so far, he's talking about, gee, maybe I could do more with an assistant. I need an assistant and a lot more and more people are doing that. So we would expect some expansion in this area. 
Nick Pinchuk: Well I, you know I have a tougher time figuring that out. I don't think so though, because it might be, it might be in the U.S. I don't think – I actually don't think David, I don't think stimulus is a much of a factor, maybe some, because you know we have pretty good growth in international operations. We don't see as clear a pumping of the money into the economy. So when we look at it across the world, it doesn't seem as though that specific characteristic of America is a factor. I don't know – maybe, but I tend to think it's more a combination of the franchisees feeling more flush.  You know you kind of got an interesting interaction. You have people who at first were leaning toward shorter payback items, and maybe that expands to away from hand to you know past handled tools up into lockers or spiffier [ph] tops for tools storage boxes which are more, which are more fundable by the franchisees over time. Franchisees like to build their shorter term credit, so they like that, and it is true that the technicians do have more cash. I mean they've been working all through the pandemic, and so that that's kind of built up in a relative cash. It could be eligible for other credit, we have no way of knowing that. I don't hear anybody mention it though.  Now, I talked to a lot of franchisees and they may not necessarily mention, but we haven't heard, we have heard that particular thing come up in any environment, so I don't know. 
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, no it was a strong quarter in storage. I think somewhat, I'd like to think our offerings are kind of spiffier than they have been. You know I talked about this extra wide, the 72 inch master series in the call with the lighted top, those things are statement makers in garages, and I think that having refrained from some this for a period of time, technicians are getting more anxious to buy them and they have the money and they get are getting a little more confident, so they go out and look at them. That’s really – I think that's the situation.  I wouldn’t say there is no elasticity, but I think you know – I mean is there elasticity with new cars. I mean the thing is people are buying new cars and reused cars and so on. I mean so I think when people want something in this category, which is I’ve often said, I think you and I have had conversation that a tool storage box like car, so people tend to want them and they’ll pay a little bit more. It’s not no elasticity, but people will go up and pay from them, that's my analysis.  It's really the psychology and the need. A combination of need and psychology and our biggest cycle – the product we have, which is the biggest psychological factor in people buying is tool storage. Now, all I can tell you is, our tool storage plant is sold out, sold out. 
Nick Pinchuk: Well look, I think when I say – I don't know, I don't have that number at my fingertips, but there's a lot of wrinkles you can put in tool storage you know. Like we wouldn't necessarily call a new color a new product. On the other hand, if you roll out a new color, remember when we rolled out purple, there was an explosion you know, so some of that happens. It just has to do with the wrinkle that makes it, oh! This is the best box in the shop or it’s the newest thing, that's really what happens. So we are constantly doing that stuff. 
Nick Pinchuk: Okay, I’ll tell you, it is this way, a simple statement. We figured out new ways to expand the selling efficient of the franchisees. This has happened before, there's a precedent for this. If you go back and you look before that term which you told, you know you said that they struggled for growth, and it’s a fair characterization in some ways, between 11 and 16 the compounded annual growth rate was 7.2% and that was fueled by the expansion of the capabilities we found artifices [ph] would do that, the vans, the Rock 'n Roll Cab and so on, and in this case, we believe we’ve broken through another ceiling to a new level and it's provable by the absolute amounts that are flowing through the vans at this point.  So that's certainly true for us and so we keep – we've always said, keep pounding that and we can sell more. We're not bound by the market; we are bound by our ability to sell. And so that's part of it, that's part of getting those franchisees to be able to deal with these more complex products, and we think we've made a step change over the last – now we’ve been investing in it for like three years or something. You know trying to get that, but we think we've done it, and we think this is probable by the absolute amounts. Whatever the source of that volume is, it proves that the franchisees can accommodate it, they couldn't before. 
Nick Pinchuk: Well look, I think there is leverage you know in that situation, so that's good. I think it would be a mistake to overlook the idea that embedded in there is some pricing to offset. You know we’ve got a whole bunch of – we've got material costs in there. I don't want to get in as its documented, but we got a great dollar for material costs. Anybody who's reading the press sees that the varying levels of steel we use from steel rod to plate steel to sheet steel and on have gone up tremendously. The costs of freight are up tremendously, yet through pricing and RCI we shove them aside and we got that 20.  So yes, there's leverage, but there's also great RCI in there that’s dealing with the material cost, that’s one thing to think about. So you got a combination of those and you have some other costs in there. I think we talked about it, I think you will see some of it when you see in the Q, but I do think it's a combination of those working very well.  21.4 I think might be the highest we've ever seen in the tools group, I don't know, but we kind of hope to get the highest every quarter actually. So I don't like to say that, but we're pretty pleased with that. 
A - Nick Pinchuk: Jeez, I don't know. I can tell you – you know I just spent. We were – Aldo and I were just in California talking to our franchisee. You know we were out there visiting plants and we visit franchisees and I was at the NFAC at our Algona plant and I was like, those guys think they're crushing it. So I don't know what that means in terms of market share, but it sounds good to me. 
A - Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, I think Aldo said – yeah, they are generally holding in line and like Aldo said, it was what, you know we were up 17% versus pre-pandemic levels and sales of the van were up 21 I think or something like that. So I think you know it's going pretty well, just rolling through the van. 
A - Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, look it's going to be bigger than any of the conference, we think, who knows? We still got a few weeks ago, but registrations are higher than they've ever been. When I talk to the franchisees, they are really excited about going, no matter who I talked to. I heard – they were always kind of optimistic about it, but this one is really big, because it's – you know we're celebrating our 100th really and they’ve been kind of – and they’ve been away for – they didn't have it last year, so they are really, really talking about it, so it’s going to be bigger I think, and so what will the effect be.  I’ve said for dogs age on these calls that the third quarter can be a little bit variable, because there's a lot of wind – you know how many people go to the franchise conference, do they take more weeks, what happens in Europe and so on, but I'm telling you, I am not forecasting any weakness or anything like that. I'm just telling you, you never know how those things are going to turn out, but I like how we’re entering the quarter, I like our moment you know. So I think whatever happens, we'll make the best of it. We're in a great position to navigate the quarter.  Hello? Okay, he was – he had to go to the Bucks celebration, so okay, don’t ask right. 
David MacGregor: Hey! Good morning everyone. And Nick, congratulations on a really strong quarter. Just outstanding growth, outstanding results across the enterprise. So I guess I wanted to understand, just a couple of housekeeping questions. What was the changer of provisions? If you mentioned that, I missed it. 
David MacGregor: Sure, that makes sense. But $9 million is the number, that’s what I was looking for.  I guess my question is, I guess going back to the whole discussion around originations and Nick, you talked about the fact that the technicians are just in better shape today than they've been in a while. I guess you know a lot of stimulus and a little wage growth will do that. But I just wondered right now to what extent you think the slower origination growth may be attributed to technicians. Again, because they're in better shape, just qualifying for lower cost credit from alternative sources and they are just going on. 
David MacGregor: I just want to wrap up, one last question, and I guess you know you kind of touched on this earlier in your conversation, so maybe I'll ask the question in a slightly different way, but I’m just thinking about tool segment growth sort of going forward and prior to the pandemic tools were struggling with growth for a rather extended period of time, and certainly we are coming short of that 4% goal that you’d set for the segment.  Now, you know through the last four quarters, you know just sort of the easy compares are behind you, but you deliver remarkable growth through that period of time, including on a two year basis just to be fair. I guess if we think about the growth potential for the business now that you know you have four easy compares that are behind you, I guess what has changed the support or sort of growth going forward and what gives you confidence that the segment can track forward at greater than 4% when you were having so much [Cross Talk].
