Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Well, look, of course, we don't give guidance, but I'll tell you that's generally, of course, - what I say is never true everywhere in Snap-on, of course. But generally, we're seeing a combination across the vast majority of our operations, April, May, June, there was a progression of improvement through those periods. So don't get me wrong, the fact that I called out the Tools group, because they had done particularly well. There was a combination across every one of those groups. So, that's particularly in industrial, where - I called out the direct selling. They had some nice progression through that period in their direct selling activity. If you step back to -- and I think you would say across C&I, in general, you're seeing that. In RS&I, the sales were down, what were they down? Like 29.8% as reported, 29.5% or 29.4% as adjusted. But generally, you see a couple of pieces. One, the vehicle OEM projects are quite lumpy, and we see that in this period, and it's very hard to project that future and the equipment business, which generally is selling - after all selling to kind of a bifurcated situation they're selling to small businesses, which need psychological recovery to have the confidence to invest in the capital-light projects, which are our equipment. Now, the other piece of what I've just talked about is, there's a big dollop associated with the OEM and really that comes psychological view of the dealerships. Do they think the fact that maybe they're going to sell new cars - less new cars this year means they should pull in their horns, or as in other times, should they start investing, because they had need to depend more and more on used car and repair and parts flow? If it's the latter, there should be an uptick in those businesses.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Look, I was just out with some franchisees last week, and they seem pretty strong. I mean, and I talked to a lot of them on the phone these days since I can't travel as much as I used to around the country. And they seem all quite positive. I would say that the originations - one of the things I will tell you that I think speaks volumes is we talked about the recovery, the accommodation of the Tools Group as shown in the 3.1%. Well, I'll tell you that in the quarters through this period, the sales off the van could be viewed as our work better than our sales to the bands. So fundamentally, what you see a little bit in that origination situation is some of our franchisees selling out of their inventory, big-ticket items, particularly tool storage, which they tend to happen in and inventory to try to accommodate the taste of the technicians. And therefore, you see that, but we see it as a great thing. Because fundamentally, the sales off the van are outpacing. The sales of the Tools Group showed a combination.
Nick Pinchuk: I didn't say anything. I said it was better than the 3.1. That's what I said. I said it was better than the -- I think -- and I said significantly better. But that's what I'm willing to say in this situation. It clearly is what leads to the originations.
Nick Pinchuk: Oh, yes. Everything is open. It was -- there's a lot less variation now in terms of opening. When the virus hits, the shock hit, there was variations between regions. So the Northeast, you have a lot of people with attenuated activity, not as much say Southwest, as we’re talking about the swap between, not as much, but still attenuation. Now they've kind of come together. Canada, I don't know if I talked on the call, but Canada was like the basket case for a while. People were really shocked and U.K. was shocked and all of those businesses have -- all of those areas have started to come together. There is some arithmetic difference between them, but not enough to shake a stick at, I think, in this situation. So the guys are coming back. Now that's happened through the quarter at varying levels, part of the accommodation process.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think those are the two big things, I'm talking about. But I think as -- I think a couple of things. I think -- I would say three things. One, of course, cars are getting older. They've gotten older every year. And the fact that it's a lower SAAR this year, probably cars will accelerate in terms of getting older, we think. And so that's one thing and that does keep driving. Cars keep changing and so the virus is kind of frozen people in. And so we expect to see a few slot of new technologies closed now, and then that drives our situation. Secondly, I think you and I don't want to get on the L to go down in Chicago. I don't think people are going to want to jump on a subway so much anymore and -- or at least depend on that. And so what we see in China, and we start to see that in the Northeast has increased driving, because people don't want to depend on collective transportation, because they know that things can go wrong in the situation. On top of which, if you read commercial real estate and cities are going down and I think residential real estate, I think people are moving out for the suburbs, and that means more driving. And finally, we think that this kind of pause gives more time for new technologies like advanced driver assistance systems, which change a lot of things and play right into our more complicated product and maybe even more electric vehicles, which changes the car park and helps us sell more tools. We have a kit that we've especially made, 53 tools just for electric vehicles. So when they roll out, we'll be ready to roll with them.
Nick Pinchuk: We don't give guidance. And look, Q3 is a squarely quarter. However, so therefore, you've got vacations in Europe. You got the SFC, you got a lot of things floating through there. However, I did say, May, June onwards, that's about what I'm willing to say.
Nick Pinchuk: Material. I mean it's – but look, I don't want to get overheated on these kinds of things. Everybody – I said already that nobody knows how the future is going to go. But what I did say is we are stronger against this kind of disruption by virtue of the accommodation, and we don't believe we will get shocked again. So if the world rises, maybe we bow it a little bit more. I – we expect – we're saying we saw that onward motion, And I think implicit, and accommodation is we get better and better at dealing with the environment. The shape of the curve is unclear. And I've already said the third quarter is. But we – like I said also, I like what I see.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, we have had restructuring because it was in – it's mostly focused on Europe. I think six-tenth of this times $4 million is kind of in North America and the two, or not necessarily. It's kind of European focused, we'd say, mostly in general. We'd say that because while we saw – we've been watching Europe evolved for a while and seeing the weakness of the economics. So we've been prepared for this and raising through RCI or capacity. So we can deal with higher volumes with less in Europe. That's why we have this restructuring. I would say this only. There's a lot, I think, implicit, and we saying we are investing in products, enhancing our brand and maintaining our team. That means we're holding the people because we actually believe that our people are capable. And I don't know about other people, but we think these people are hard to duplicate. So we're holding on to them for dear life.
Nick Pinchuk: I'll just say this, Chris. I feel better now than I did in the prior call in April. I feel better now. And I'll let Aldo comment.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I – we think – actually, we think they're in pretty good shape. I mean, the sales off the van are, I think when you look at them from a year-over-year point of view and you look at them for this situation, they describe what I talked about in terms of shock accommodation. And as I said, they are pacing ahead of the Tools Group. So that's a pretty positive from a quantitative point of view. From a qualitative point of view when you talk to a broad group of them, you get – you kind of get some very positive feedback in terms of, of course, I'm the CEO. So maybe I do get feedback. But you hear experiences and when I'm in the garages, the garages seem to be working. Yeah, technicians dipped in the shock, but they came sort of pretty back, pretty quickly and the garages are humming, every garage I was at, the parking lot from garage was marked.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I think first of all – first of all, I don't know what you call travel volume-related or not. I mean, I'm not sure it's so volume related, but you can travel and a lot of different things. And in other words, you have some reductions in this interim while you keep – while you do things, for example, you're not renting a hall or putting on a meal when you bring, you're not people together on a zoom situation. Now it's maybe not as effective, but the thing is you do work on that. So it's not all volume related. And I think I’ve already said though, that we’re determined to maintain our franchisees, maintain our brand, invest in new product and keep our team intact and I would suggest that we see that going forward because we believe we have great opportunities going forward. So my principal view – my principle approach to this is – our principal approach is to weather the storm, and I think we're doing that pretty good, given the levels of where we are and you look at the cash flows, I mean, the absolute numbers of the returns and then come out stronger because we're pretty sure we're going to have big opportunities. So if it's not an upward slope -- if it's not an upward slope, if it dips down some, we won't get shocked again. We'll get over it. It will come out stronger.
Nick Pinchuk: We don't see inventory necessarily as an independent variable, but we like to see a return on it. If we get a return on it, we're happy.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, we have an event. We're going to call live from the forge -- from the our IdeaForge here in Kenosha. And so we're going to go through a virtual event, trying to create the selling opportunity the ability to see new products and different -- in different forms like franchisees would get when they journey to places like Florida and went through the football field, so we'll have that. And so we won't have it in August, we'll have it coming up. We will happen in August, probably at the same time. But it's kind of geared at giving the franchisees a similar opportunity from a new product point of view. From a product ordering point of view, unfortunately, we won't be able to get as much of the training or the, I guess, the cultural bonding that occurs at the other franchisees. But we're going to have event that replaces it.
Nick Pinchuk: We don't have a direct relationship to new car sales. It's the aging of the vehicles, and it's the changing of the vehicles that drives our requirements. We can be indirectly affected by a downturn. And what are they going to sell? $12 million this year, $11.5 million, which is a downturn. And the psychological impact on dealerships and the OEMs themselves can ripple through some of that project business or some of the willingness of the dealerships to embark on capital projects. But it isn't a direct relationship, where aging of the vehicles and the new technologies in the vehicles, our direct relationships, requiring technicians to deal with either more volume or newer types of systems where they have to have different tools.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. I think there's been a shortage of mechanics in a lot of places for a long time. I think the deal is that they're graduating 77,000 a year from technical schools, and they need $105,000 a year by retirement. So there has been a shortage, and so we have to -- it's been for some time. So you try to get that. Our people are in – our franchisees are in some of those places. But these are the advantages we think we – the opportunities we think we have. We say there's 1.3 million technicians in the United States and we only call on 850,000 of them. And some of those are the places like the off-road vehicles, where we may not get to. And so we have an opportunity. We think coming out of this, we've got tremendous opportunities, particularly if you're saying that people turn to, instead of going to -- instead of maybe taking more collective transportation, turn to RVs and other things. We think this is good for us, and the fact that we're confident.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, a lot of them would be -- a great category would be, we call them insulating tools. You poke yourself -- you poke around underneath an electric car, you level up fry yourself. So we have -- these are tools, which specifically create insulation between the point of contact and the user. And so we have an array of those, which we think will be very efficacious in this situation. And so I think they're going to be used. And then we have other tools as well that deal with the specific mechanism under an electric vehicle car -- an electric vehicle. But we think -- you point out, you just point there's all these opportunities for us. Change is our friend, and we think change is coming in this situation.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes. Chris, I'd just say that just to refresh everyone's memory, Q2 typically does see seasonal improvement as you progress from Q1. It's a period of time when people get their tax refunds, and obviously, we probably got a little bit of a bump up with stimulus checks coming in. But a reminder, not everybody got their tax refund yet because if you didn't submit your tax return electronically, you're still probably have it being reviewed the IRS. So there might be some tailwind that still occurs in Q3 from tax refunds. Having said that, the deferred payment programs forbearance they help a bit with the calculation, so if you look at the progress from Q1 to Q2, normally, we expect a 10 to 20 basis point sequential improvement. This time, we saw 70 and year-over-year, it was better by 40. I'd say, if you look year-over-year, there's probably 20, 30 basis points associated with the fact that you have deferred programs. So by definition customers on deferral couldn't be delinquent. So that will go away a bit. So I think you'll get more traditional levels. But geez, it looks a lot like a natural disaster from our history in the rearview mirror so far. So we'll see how the remainder plays out. It's still a pretty volatile environment. But like I said, we're pleased with the charge-offs in the quarter.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, the contract receivables were up 26% in the quarter. So that's clearly broken out, if at contract receivables. So as Nick has mentioned, EEC was down 8.5%, David.
Aldo Pagliari: To make it easy, the loans to the franchisees has nothing to do with EC. It has nothing to do with EC at all. So the EC originations…
Aldo Pagliari: I don't think there was anything notable in the quarter in that regard. I mean, I - from our perspective, it was just a regular quarter in terms of the returns, which we tend to look at. So I mean, I think that our guys didn't necessarily flush a lot back into the system more than they do in any regular quarter, there's some back and forth. But that didn't affect things in this situation.
Aldo Pagliari: No, I think the thing is some people might think franchisees are on hold or things like that, but that's not -- it's not really -- actually, there's a record for this all-time loan.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes, it was the number of franchisees that are not paying, that are direct, they get to be on hold. For the record there...
Aldo Pagliari: Yes, Bret. Aldo. Certainly, we are continuously adding products that cater to the critical industry. There is unique requirements. Sometimes they're lower volumes, so it doesn't have the same level of addition as when a new product introduced to the Tools Group. But if you want to be a serious player in oil and gas and natural resources and aviation, there are certainly unique products that do not sell into the mechanic space that you have to have there. So we've been doing that as well. In addition, there's a lot of projects that we call kitting activity and that array in kitting activity, as an example, you might have 100 different items in the kit. As you stage it as you prepare for it, it requires higher levels of inventory as you prep and wait for other incoming items because not everything comes from a Snap-on facility. Oftentimes, the military or an aviation customer might like certain things that do not come from Snap-on, and they want that kitted in a rate with a tool storage cabinet that we might prepare for them, and we have a variety of different products that do that. And therefore, accommodating those requests forced us to expand both floor space and inventory when it comes to these things and we like that business.
Aldo Pagliari: We think it could be better. We don't have an exact target that I'm going to delineate here today, but we think it could be better. I mean, obviously, the current situation puts a depressant on turnover tactics. But we've been getting a pretty good return on our inventory and in a low interest rate environment, we're more than willing to make investments in inventory, if we truly believe it will generate incremental sales.
