Nicholas Pinchuk: Not really. I'm sure -- you know, we have a fairly strong position in these markets, as you know. And generally, as I've said many times on these calls, built on I think the overwhelming capability of our van network and the skill of our franchisees, and the ongoing understanding of the repair shop, we generally reflect back on ourselves. So when I talk about franchisees, they almost never really mentioned the competition although I'm sure is formidable. They mention about how we can improve back on ourselves. And I'm seeing no change in that really. And I think the tools group numbers seem to say that. Their numbers look pretty good. They continually make this up. They've been up 6% or greater 23 of 24 quarters. One of the things I like to say about that, I think one of the investment theses about Snap-on is that Snap-on is a company that is so much more -- so much more to do, so many more places to grow and improve. And the tools group, the van channel, has been around for decades, and yet they have been able to do this by creating a bigger plume and being able to expand so dramatically by creating a greater plume of new product and figuring out through things like these Rock 'n Roll cads and Techno Express and now Chrome Express Plus, how to wield those vans more effectively. That's what's happening with us in the market.
Nicholas Pinchuk: If you look at RS&I; we are getting growth in a broad range. Diagnostic stuff is growing very strongly. If you look at big-ticket items in the tools group, which is the bigger diagnostics and the tool storage and so on, they are up higher than -- they're growing faster than the tools group. So that looks pretty strong. We keep innovating around handhelds, and that's of course some of the spiffy stuff people like to talk about because people want more diagnostics as the cars get more complex. But also if you look at equipment, you will see that in terms of the new aligners we brought out. And behind the aligners, there's an array of new balancers and so on. And then finally, we keep enhancing our software product like this SureTrack, which accesses hundreds of millions of actual repair events and allows technicians to pinpoint the possible repair and shortcut to that repair through big data. That's an exciting product which is going into the garage at the same time.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, look, I think at C&I if you look at this, I think you could say you'd be allowed to the fact that oil and gas gets -- it wasn't as we did in the first quarter last year, if you remember, in oil and gas. The second quarter started tail off. So I think oil and gas tends to get a little easier moving into the second quarter. But military was strong and international aviation was strong in the second quarter. So we still have another quarter of batting up against that. It tends to get easier in the third and fourth quarter. I don't want to say easier, but it tends to be less high of a bar.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's weaker. Both of those are weaker in the first quarter than they were in Q4. I think marginally. I'd say marginally weaker. It's somewhat weaker though. It's hard to say, David, because you've got fourth quarter over first quarter. You might have some mild seasonality flowing through that, but I would say mildly weaker.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I'm not in the business of forecasting that, but certainly we'd come back to substantially lower comparisons. And so that by arithmetic changes the whole situation. And then remember, we keep investing in those businesses. We brought out -- I just want to point out, we had a tough year in the military, and we brought out over 700 new products aimed at the military. So, we keep positioning ourselves for this, so we are ready to go. We are all dressed up. When the party comes, we are ready to dance.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't think we want to give you cadence throughout the quarter, I don't think – look, I think we are not seeing -- I wouldn't say we are seeing any marked change in the auto repair related businesses. When we go, either in our numbers or when I go out and visit the garage, when I ride these vans. One of the interesting things about our view of the economy is this, is when we look at -- we parse it between auto related and the industrial. We did it in my remarks. But you know, I think one of the fascinating it's about today's environment is it's big to small -- I mean small-to-big. If you're out in the small garage, if you're out in these garages, they are feeling good. They are confident. They are great. So those businesses, the small businesses, to us in our sectors seem uniformly to be enthusiastic and confident and doing very well. As you rise in the size of business, the amount of cautiousness increases. And you can see that in our businesses as well. So when we are selling to the garage from garage to garage, from dealership to dealership, we see good things. When we are engaging with let's say the OEMs or the manufacturers, that's a little bit more tepid. But to answer your question directly, at the grassroots level, we are not seeing any abatement in this. In fact, our franchisees are only getting more confident as far as I can tell.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, actually, it merged a little bit because what's happening is that it used to be that much of the bigger diagnostic equipment was sold to the shop, and it was spread around. It was shared between technicians. What's happening now is while 40% to 50% of the repairs in a -- of the car-park, the 300 million car, vehicle car-park, 40% or 50% of those repairs require a diagnostic unit. 80% of the new car repairs require a diagnostic unit. So every technician is going to need a diagnostic unit from that ETHOS read and reset to all the way up to our VERUS PRO that will solve the most puzzling of problems. And so we are seeing more sales now to individuals. But we are also seeing -- that's the market situation. But RS&I has only within the last, let's say within the last five or six years started -- five, six, seven years -- started to focus on repair shop owners and managers as a particular customer base. So, you see that opportunity unfold for us as we learn what they need, and we arm our quiver with more products. We give us more to sell to those guys. So I would say the market is going really robustly for the technicians. Shop owners and managers are still buying but we have a particular share gain opportunity with owners and managers.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think we kind of give guidance around $25 million a quarter or so on. So it's interesting. Last year in the quarter, we had a particularly expensive mark-to-market event that drove corporate expense up. I think it was $29 million and change. This year, we had a particularly favorable one which brought it down to $21 million and change. Really the $21 million compares to a $25 million run rate if you really want to think of it in those terms. If you talk about operating expense, yes. In operating expense, there's that mark-to-market and the pension expense that's in there that's making some of the improvements in operating expense. What we do is when we look at our numbers, we say this, yes, we've got good news from mark-to-market but we got bad news from currency. They about balanced, mark-to-market and pension currency, and we still grew EPS at 15.5%.
Nicholas Pinchuk: That's a ballpark, it's 3,475. I don't know that number. It's written on might shorts here. That's why I see it every morning.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, I don't want to get in the business of reporting that, but let's just say that that is a small number so far. In the 15% to 20% range of the franchisees have those as systems. As you know, most of them -- and it's a franchisee's choice to make the decision. We enable it with things like Chrome Express Plus and other things. But what I see when I go to these kickoffs or go to the National Franchisee Advisory Council and talk to these, the more the franchisees see the success of other people with these assistance, the more they say, hey, maybe I could do this. I could hire new guys. I could reach more customers. I can increase my sales. And they are looking at that because, now, having grown for 23 out of 24 quarters 6% or greater, they want this growth. They expect it and so they are looking for things which could make their businesses better.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, I think there are lots of things floating through here. It depends how long wave you want to look at it. If you look at it in any one particular quarter, you are talking -- first of all, you are talking big ticket items. So, big ticket items in this particular quarter, tool storage, big diagnostic and so on, they grew faster than the tools group, so it's hard to match that. Plus there's a timing question and then a sales tech on top of it. So there is a lot of things that goes on in the individual quarters. If you are saying have we wielded credit more effectively or more broadly, we have, because what we've done is we've spent a lot of time determining, determining, determining who are our best franchisees, and how they are good at credit. There's been no change in the credit model really. There's been no change in the credit model. But we have done a great job I think of using those franchisees who have the best instincts and insight and capability around credit, and enlisting them in the credit company to advance this kind of activity.
Nicholas Pinchuk: There is some of that, but we haven't really changed it. It can make it possible for certain people who couldn't get credit before, who happen to be in a route that's superintended by one of the people that we now think is a great credit guy, what we call a Platinum Elite guy. That could make that change. But generally we've kind of held it. We've kind of held that model I think, except for this engaging the knowledge of the franchisee.
Nicholas Pinchuk: You know what it is? The Chrome Express Plus is an adjunct to our new computer system. Several years ago, we rolled out a new computer system, point-of-sale system, for the van. And then more recently, we have added Chrome Express Plus, which allows mobile, tablets, multiple tablets to roll out from the van. And what I am saying is the franchisees, the franchisees have looked at their situation and realized that, boy, they would like to add selling time. So they have made the decision, on an individual basis pretty much, it has been a grassroots effort, to try to pick up assistance. And then this Chrome Express Plus is a response to that help enable them. We don't have a program to bring on assistants. We are not sponsoring a program or anything like that. It's fundamentally the franchisees themselves because after all these are independent businessmen who make these decisions. But we have created Chrome Express Plus that really leverages -- if you have an assistant, chrome express plus really helps you. And it really helps the assistants that is there. That's what I was trying to say.
Nicholas Pinchuk: In a way, Gary, it's a little bit like a TV. You could still be using a tube, I suppose, but every time there are two pieces here. One is software, we keep updating software. I want to say a couple of times a year we keep updating software. Then we bring out so you could be having an existing handheld and keep updating the software, keep updating the software. Eventually that software might not be run so effectively on some of the older models. That is one, so you would want to change. Secondly, again, it's like a TV. We bring out the newer models, and they have features, touchscreen feature. The new SOLUS, you turn it on, it comes on in like seconds, five seconds. The older one was slower. VERUS Edge, you can get technical service bulletins. You go out on the Internet and you get SureTrack on it, different capabilities. By the way, it's about -- it's substantially lighter and better ergonomics than it was. So you have these two things going on. So if you behold one of these new diagnostics, and this happens all of the time, because people say, gee, I'd really like to use this; it is a lot lighter; it would be effective for me; it's a lot quicker; it's more easy with a touchscreen. So people tend to want to upgrade. So we keep enhancing those. And there is software on top of it.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, there is couple pieces to that, one is of course pension expense, it's between -- I think that's between $1 million and $2 million, something like that. And the rest is principally marked-to-market around the stock-based compensation. So basically when the stock price goes down, you get good news. When it goes up, you get a mark-to-market. So what happened last year is a little bit misleading because last year -- that difference is versus last year, and last year the stock price went up in the quarter. So we had bad news in mark-to-market. And so you are comparing the bad -- the good news this year with the bad news last year, and so you get an expanded number in the $6 million range.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, no, no. What this means is this is the kind of framework which we've had for some time. The broader characterization is Platinum. These are people who are engaging in the credit program. They are spending time thinking about how to deal with credit. And the better guys, the top end guys, are what we call the Platinum Elite. And what this really means, Richard, is certain franchisees can judge credit, can add to our credit model. We have -- our credit process is like this
Nicholas Pinchuk: Any other -- most other credit facilities, through the eyes of these people, we actually know the borrower very, very well, and that's the essence of how we keep the losses down so low.
David MacGregor: Good morning, everyone. You caught my attention with the observation of franchisees adding help on the van, and that should drive sales productivity. Do you have a count on -- I know you've got 3,500 trucks running in the United States.
David MacGregor: The other question I had for you was just the disparity in growth rates between your originations on the credit business and the tools growth. And I'm just wondering if you can talk were there any changes within the credit model and the extent to which this has helped you with your most creditworthy customers, drive…
David MacGregor: You have a history of managing credit very effectively, so I was more focused on the extent to which this may put more purchasing power in the hands of your customers to buy bigger ticket items going forward.
