Jeffrey Berkes: Hey Craig, it's Jeff. Yes, that was a solar requirement that we closed in 2 phases, something that the solar asked for to be accommodated. Just a little bit more color on that acquisition. We're really, really happy with it for a number of reasons. We've talked about this a lot in the past, we've, for a long time, had a hit list, and we were very proactive about working our hit list and -- in this case, that really paid off. Barry Carty and team here has done a really good job of developing a relationship with the seller. We've been talking to the seller for a long time before the property came to market. And through that relationship and our credibility, we were -- we developed with the seller, we were able to step in and buy that even after it went to market at what we think are pretty good terms, going in at a 5 cap and kind of mid-6s unlevered IRR. And that IRR does contemplate a lot of upgrading in the way of merchandising and some investments in the assets itself so we can push rents but really happy with that.  It goes into our Virginia portfolio. We opened an office in Northern Virginia a few years ago that has just been incredibly successful running our assets and adding value, Chesterbrook, Twinbrook, Fairfax Junction, Kingstowne added to that portfolio in the last few years. So real happy about it. And finally, and I know you know this, but just as a reminder, buying Kingstowne helped us cover a pretty big gain that we created when we sold under threat a condemnation half of San Antonio Center on Mountain View, California with more than double what we paid for it 5 or 6 years ago. So all around just a really good deal, and we couldn't be more excited about it.
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes, Derek, it's Jeff. Let me take a shot at that. I mean, we've been pretty active for the last 12 to 18 months coming out of the pandemic and bidding on stuff and being successful in several cases and buying properties. And in the most recent round of deals, we've still seen a very active bidder pool and a very well-capitalized bidder pool there is at least -- in this last round of deals, there's been a lot of capital in the market.  A lot of people think big picture. That's because the yields on retail are better than they are in multifamily and better than they are in industrial, which is why you've seen a lot of low to mid-4 cap rate purchases by institutions the last couple of quarters, and there's some deals in the market price like that. They're going to close in the next couple of quarters as well.  So not every buyer is a leveraged buyer a lot of institutional capital out there that needs to be placed. And going forward, I think it's not just interest rates that are going to drive cap rates. It's what are returns on other product types? And does that wallet capital stay in the market or does it not? So to be determined, but a lot of money for high-quality retail right now, competitive market. So -- and as always, there's a big spread between A and B quality property, right? And we're looking at stuff that we think we can add value to over time, really focused on value-add opportunities, the densification opportunities and more of the IRR than the cap rate. So kind of keep that in mind as you think through maybe where pricing might go to.
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes. And one other thing to keep in mind here, too, whether it's an acquisition, a redevelopment or a development, we've never been a spot capital price of our investment opportunities. We've always looked at our long-term weighted average cost of capital. So when interest rates are really low, we weren't chasing acquisitions, for example, down into the low 4 cap range, simply because they were still accretive and with increasing interest rates and increasing debt costs, we don't really expect that to impact our ability to perform in the market for that reason. We always have maintained a very strong discipline on looking at kind of the long-term cost, not the spot cost.
Jeffrey Berkes: And we're sticklers, too, on working through a tenants’ business plan and looking at their credit and also securing the lease in the right way, regardless of what's going on in the economy. So we don't relax as our standards when things were good. So I wouldn't expect us to do anything any differently like Wendy just said.
Donald Wood: Greg, gosh, it's hard for us to argue with the premise of your question when -- over the last 6 quarters, each time we have outperformed and increased guidance and it wasn't enough. And so I certainly understand your question. There is absolutely an inherent conservatism in the way we run this business. There -- '22 is looking real good, to your point. We're trying to reflect that in the guidance. But if it comes out better, it comes out better.
Donald Wood: Mike, just let me make sure I have the premise or we agree on the premise of the question. We have not adjusted in any significant way, the guidance that we've given kind of pre-COVID because we're -- we want to make sure that we've got good numbers and the ability to be accurate when we change it, not do it in a depth of 1,000 cuts.  When -- in terms of the Santana West piece, what this reflects is a real negotiation that gives us a much better window on what rents really are today. And what costs really are for the remaining piece in Santana West, it's basically just the TIs, which is a big number, but it's that and some other stuff. So we didn't want to change part of it without doing the whole thing. That similarly applies throughout the development portfolio. And as you know, much of our development stuff is baked and done under GMPs. And so to the extent we're comfortable with that, and we are, that's what you see disclosed.  You might have seen I also made a comment that we're not ready yet to talk about or announcing a life science building up at Assembly specifically to your question, specifically because I want to make sure we are locked down on costs before we're able to do that. We're getting close, but we're not there yet. What we do seem to see in all of our markets where we are developing is that the higher costs, which are clearly out there on new money relative to a year ago or 2 years ago are being offset by higher rent expectations that seem to be able to be met. So there's nothing on the development side yet that we've seen that has stopped as a result of higher cost, but no ability to push those rents that create a decent return on those costs. I don't know if there's a lot in there, and we'd have to go project by project but that's the general landscape.
Donald Wood: No, there's a fair -- that's a fair point, Mike. And maybe like I'll give you a great example. Right, with what's happening up in assembly on the residential business. we're going to be at the upper end of that range, and we may even increase that guidance going forward based on the actual residential leasing that is happening on their relative to the cost. So is there an inherent conservatism in the way we try to do things? Absolutely. It kind of ties to the earlier call.  Well, it's a pretty -- there are headwinds out there in terms of the marketplace. And so we try to take the most balanced approach we can. I think you guys look at our history and can determine whether you believe we'll get there. We won't get there and act accordingly. But no, there is an incurrent conservatism in the way we report.
Donald Wood: Oh, gosh, how do I answer that? Mike, I would say, it is so hard to answer your question about '23 and '24 as we sit here on May 5, '22, right? I mean the reason we originally gave guidepost going out was because you'll remember, we had better visibility post-COVID than we did in the middle of COVID. So that's why we started getting those guideposts that.  Now as I sit here and you look at the macro issues affecting the economy, trying to figure out exactly what's going to happen with lease negotiations in '23 and '24. I'm looking at Wendy here and I got a little bit of a shrug. And the -- that's not an indictment of the portfolio or an indictment of the way we do business. It's simply the market out there is uncertain. What we know is what we are seeing really good progress with is where we spend capital to be able to create a better place making asset. We get paid. And I don't expect that on a relative basis to change 1 bit. But it is on a relative basis based on what's going on in the more global economy, and that's affecting real estate. So -- as I sit here today, I am really bullish on all the facets of the way we're growing, including the basic leasing of shopping centers, especially those that have been redeveloped and invested in but more of a crystal ball than that for '23 and '24, I don't think I can give you today.
Donald Wood: Yes. This is the perennial question, I mean, right Derek, no doubt. I want you to focus on something that Dan said in his comments, check this out. A 7% cash-on-cash rollover. If you did the math and considered our -- what I believe our superior contractual bumps, if it's 100 basis points, if we're growing at 2.5, somebody else has grown at 1.5 typical shopping center business, right? 7% bumps equal 16% rollovers, 9% more.  That's an amazing thing that we have not, frankly, done a good job educating people about -- and look, part of that is we don't know what everybody's bumps are, but you can consider the following things. We have -- this portfolio is two-thirds tankers and one-third small shop. The opportunity for bumps is easier in the small shop, obviously, than convincing TJX or Ross to have annual bumps, obvious stuff. In our small shop, the notion of being able to have those bumps. I would bet more regularly, but I bet others, but I don't know that for sure. I do know that wars are very strong. That you have to consider that when looking at rollovers also. Yes, a small shop, not only maybe one-third of the GLA, but it's half of our rent in total. So think about that, number one. Number two, it's -- and I made this -- it's such an interesting point. I think when you look at the acquisitions we were -- we made -- and even before we do any redevelopment or do investing, we were able on 10 deals, not the smallest thing, 10 deals this quarter, get 33% more rent than when somebody else owned it, on the reputation that we're going to make you more productive. So the end of the day, Derek, is the productivity of the retailer, not the ABR -- and so put those 2 things together, and that's why we're confident with respect to how we run our business.
Donald Wood: Yes. It's very fair, Steve. There are a couple of things to think about there. The business is not a pre-leasable business in large measure. So there's no question that as we underwrite the risk, as we underwrite the dollars, the cost of capital, we will expect a higher return to compensate for the inability to the likely inability, you never know. But the likely an ability to re-lease the building.  What we're thinking about with respect to that opportunity is what is pretty demonstrably a pocket of much more than 1 building. It could be more than 1 building for Federal in time. We would expect it to be already, as you know, BioMed has begun gun construction and Greystar right there has begun the construction. So the notion that Assembly is likely to be a cluster of life science has grown dramatically. Over the past year or two. That's a really important component in terms of who's going to wind up there. Actually, one of the interesting things would be when you look at the number of companies that have been developed on the life science side over the past few years, it's pretty dramatic, and demand is just -- demand is off the charts relative to the supply, even though there's supply coming on in other parts of the Boston market. So together, the short answer to your question, Steve, is the return has to be able to compensate for the spec nature of it, as well as the undeterminable at this point of credit quality of the tenants that have come.
Donald Wood: We've considered all of those opportunities, and we've decided to do it ourselves, and we've decided to do it ourselves in large measure based on the team that we were able to compile in terms of not only the general contractor, but the designer, but the operator and all of the individual components of it as well as our team up there. So we've created a lot of value at Assembly and over 15 years in that project. We want that value fully recognized in our incremental investment.
Donald Wood: Yes. No, Haendel, I love the question. It's -- it is -- the answer is driven by opportunities. And one of the things that has become pretty clear to us post COVID, and I think Wendy talks about this all the time to me. So it's kind of stuck in my head. The demand and the conversations with tenants has, in our view, what we've seen is they are more important in terms of who the landlord is than ever before. So to the extent that landlord is investing, not only in the asset alongside that tenant to be able to create a better and place-making is a big part of it. No question. Convenience is a big part of it. No question. To create a better environment, that's a here to stay. And you know what will stop that, Haendel, if we can't get paid for. But effectively, everywhere we've seen so far where we are laying out an aggressive redevelopment plan, improvements to the property, the impact on the leasing has been very clear. And when I say the impact on the leasing, I'm talking if you're interviewing leasing agents and understanding from their point of view, what the deals look like, what those bumps look like?  You know what Dan talked about higher bumps. That's not an accident. That has to happen, commensurate with a tenant conversation that -- where they are confident they're going to be able to afford that and continue to pay that. And a key part of that is what are you doing as landlords to the shopping center post-COVID. So I don't -- the days of kind of milking your -- just kind of milking the shopping center and our milking the cash flow from the shopping center without a significant investment. I'm not sure -- I'm not sure this industry goes back to that. And to the extent you do that, the differentiation between great properties and not so great properties gets wider and wider.  So as you think about the next few years, and a return to normalcy from a demand and a supply perspective, ask yourself where you're likely to be able to push rents and get paid if your shopping center is materially better than the competition. And that's kind of the way we think about it.
Donald Wood: I think that the last part of your question, it's -- that's about the same. I wouldn't see that very differently. Yes. No, that's kind of what I got to say on it.
Donald Wood: Yes. Well, I mean, look, we always hope that we have the best credit tenants take the entire building, and we're done in 5 minutes. And so that's always the hope of the strategy, the more likely result is what has happened. Now those are great companies, all of those companies, all of them look to the amenitized base, look to the ability to retain the track workers as critical to their decisions. That's not a surprise. That's been in the strategy from the beginning. That will continue to be. And I think you'll see that that's where we'll end up with the other stuff that's not leased up yet to date.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. No, we've had -- we're actually increasing that number. We had -- in our original guidance, as I mentioned on our last call in February, roughly about $5 million to $8 million. Obviously, we did very well in the first quarter, increasing that range up from 5 to 8 to 9 to 11. The pool of potential rent grant from is shrinking. We're doing a lot better. And grabbing it as evident by a strong first quarter, enhanced the increase there over the balance of the year.
Daniel Guglielmone: Look, there's no -- we expect and I think before we go forward, we lock in prices to the extent we can with the GMP before we start. I think what we've seen is because of the strength of the markets that we're in. We benefited from increasing rents, which have kind of offset kind of costs as it relates to rising TIs, tenant improvement dollars. And that's why we've been able to maintain the yields and deliver the yields that we set out to achieve. And we won't start something unless we've got those costs locked down to a large extent. And there's an important follow-up in that. It is, while you kind of globally talk about, we kind of globally talk about our development pipeline. Every project has to stand on its own. If the rents are not -- certainly a higher cost of capital, to your question, right, and long-term cost of capital is the way we look at it. There a higher cost of capital has to be supported by cost that work in there and rents that we're confident we can achieve. And when you think about the primary markets where we're doing that, Boston, Massachusetts, San Jose, California, Montgomery County, Maryland.  You're talking about markets that heretofore and I don't expect it to change based on job projections and economic projections in those markets. We're able to push the rents to be able to compensate. Does that continue forever? Your guess is as good as mine because we make those decisions on a one-off basis. But right now, everything we see in those markets suggest that rent will compensate for the higher costs.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, I think in the last -- yes, certainly, in the last 90 days, cost of debt capital has kind of gone up. So obviously, that -- which is up our weighted average cost of capital. I think with regards to --. Juan, can you repeat the question? We're -- start over with the last part of it there.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, I don't think that is a big component of what we're looking to fund growth going forward. We've got $175 million of forward equity still ready to be taken down. We've got in process and under consideration $150 million of dispositions that were sub-5 cap and on deck after that, another $100 million to $150 million of dispositions. We are thinking about to take advantage of a strong environment. So I think that, that balanced with a higher cost of debt capital currently is something we will take into consideration. Jeff, do you want to add.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, the increase is partially being driven by just better tenant sales across the portfolio. And it's -- there's two different parts. We have the -- the leases that were restructured were collecting a percent of rent, and that shows up in the collectability adjustment. The percentage rent that's in that line item that outperformed pretty significantly is really just, I think, a combination of a few more deals that are leases that are percentage rent deals as well as just higher performance from those leases over time. I would expect that first quarter number, not to be typically, we're around 1% to 1.25%, we're at 1.5% today of revenues. I think that it's in that 1% to 1.5% over time.
