Andy Blocher: In conversations that we’ve had, we don’t see anything at this point which would indicate any predict or changes. Obviously the lease accounting stuff is still subject to change. We’ve been watching it, but we don’t have anything permanent at this point.
Andy Blocher: Yeah. In the Boston properties deal, actually, I think it made me feel better about our executions. Certainly Boston properties did a big deal. I mean, we’d be talking about probably a non-index eligible size and it goes just beyond rate. It goes to the prepayment flexibility associated with the term loan. And I’ve got and executed term sheet, so the only thing I’m really subject to at this point is ultimate size and the current swap market. So I still think that we’re probably in the 75 basis point better rate at this point.
Andy Blocher: No. It’s neither. It’s neither, Alex. I think the single biggest thing that changed that, there is no doubt in my mind that the economy was getting better. In the first part of 2011 into the middle of 2011. And, when you set up budgets and when you set up guidance, basically November, this time of year, for the ensuing year, you use what you think about the time the indications that you see. I think things actually got significantly better from the latter part of 2010 into the first half of 2011. What I was curious -- and that -- there’s a lag. So that finds its way into guidance when those things start being real and not just a gut feeling. And that’s what happened in 2011. It’s why when we started with the whole debt ceiling debate, federally in July, August and September, the way things we’re pulling through, I mean, I’m worried or at least, worry is not right -- I’m looking hard at whether any of those – any of that time period is going to affect anybody future plans. And so far we don’t see signs of that. It still seems pretty good, pretty strong. Now, but that’s the stuff that changes quarter-to-quarter in terms of outlook. So I don’t want you to look at that and say man, we just sandbag all the time. I mean, we don’t intentionally sandbag, sometimes it turns out that we sandbag, but certainly in ‘11 it was because of our better economy than we thought it would be.
Andy Blocher: No. There’s not. And there’s, we’ll be closed, as I said, before the end of the year and we’ll be able to go into some more detail at the time with respect to the deal structure. But no, you should model and figure on the 75%.
Andy Blocher: Yeah. I mean, I think that in Q3, we had call it 2 or 300 and I think that to close out PS, we’re looking at another 2 or 300. And once again to the extent there other acquisition opportunities that we make a lot progress on that would be added to that.
Andy Blocher: I don’t feel comfortable doing that yet Quen, I’m sorry. The only thing I would say is it is – it’s large. It’s -- we’re talking about – we would be talking about something in the $150 million range for that kind of thing. So it’s a big one. But again that’s either going to be zero or everything and without being on the contract, we can’t talk any more about it.
Andy Blocher: Yeah. I mean, Rich, look, especially in the current environment, there’s a tremendous amount of volatility in the market. We’ve recently started syndication of the loans, so we’ll see what is that we get. It is, it’s a balance. Its, what is it that we’re seeing with respect to the ability to kind of create this loan from the syndicate group versus some of the other thing that we have in the pipeline that may have less certainty. But it is a real possibility that there could be a cash drag, which is why within the guidance numbers that I laid out, I said to the extent that we were over the 200 million, it could create a drag on 2012 earnings.
Don Wood: That’s a great question, Paul. I mean, it is an amazing piece of land. You’re right in referring back to -- I think it was actually the TJ Maxx deal, that we extended -- that we did a 10 year deal on, we couldn’t give them uncertainty. They were thinking about leaving the property to get that kind of certain. There certainly was a lack of certainty in terms of what would happen in Tyson’s over the next period of time. And so we were able to lock them down very financially lucratively to us. And we did that to kind of watch and see what happens over there. Paul, and you know the area, it’s amazing that with all the construction that’s going on over there, with all the different plans that are coming in, with our center kind of sitting right at one of the stops on that line. Even with entrances close and everything else, our -- that center continues to perform amazingly well. We want to see what else happens though. There’s a lot on the dockets for potential project, but how many of them really make and what they really turn out to be, I want more visibility. That’s why it’s not on any of the next two or three year -- in the next two or three year timeframe in terms of development opportunities. Absolutely long-term, there is a lot of money to be made on that piece of land that we have there. But nothing I can -- in any way get you to give me any credit for in the next few years.
Don Wood: Yeah. It’s challenge, Jeff. I mean, look you’re right onto it. The positives that go along with that is that there is so little development of new product that’s going on in the country that that naturally puts a constraint on, if you will, on retailers that do want to head into new markets and do stuff like that. I do think it’s kind of funny that we’re talking about $500 million worth of development, between -- albeit much of it residential at Santana, Mid-Pike and Assembly over the next few years because there’s just not very much new product being developed in the country that’s a positive. That’s one of the positives. The other positive is the selective -- is very selective and that is we continue to see there’s real distinction between, great quality real estate and other. Is it good for federal because of the selection of our properties that gives us more leverage than others? Sure. Is it good for the country? No, it’s not. They are really, this haves and have-nots delineation is a bit troublesome for me, in this --to the extent that we’re seeing it. I mean, Andy, the capital we’re talking about raising you in the term loan, the lease deals that we’re doing, and the roles, even the development, some of the markets that we’re in, is so completely 180 degrees from what’s happening broadly, as you put it in the macro market, for all the good reasons of, you know, online sales, online store sales, smaller footprints, smarter business operations. And so on balance, I mean, I don’t think there is -- you really got to be careful where you are investing. And I’m very thankful that we’re on the positive end of that. That’s what I say, I’m with you. There are concerns.
Don Wood: Nothing specific nothing, you know, particularly -- nothing particularly pervasive. One of the things that I think Andy talked about and I mentioned in the results, this reduction in bad debt expense really is an interesting -- it’s an interesting phenomenon. I think the tenants that are in there now who have survived through the ‘09 and ‘10 period of time are okay. I do worry that in certain markets to the extent -- that’s what I’ve been looking for changes, to the extent, the economy really stays as average, as it is right now, I think we’ll be okay. But to the extent we had to head south from here yeah, I absolutely worry about small shop failings and having anchor space that’s not prime anchor space being at stronger rents. I mean, it all gets down to relative. The cool thing about Federal is that you really do see all different kinds of retail within this portfolio. And we can clearly see, in our secondary markets, markets that are secondary to us, a much different set of prospects for the future than in the great stuff. And I can only imagine if the portfolio was more, was not as high quality a portfolio, what those challenges are day-in and day-out.
Don Wood: Jeff, I pulled it. It’s about, I mean, on a cash basis, its 300 basis points, so it brings up from 8 to 11 and 400 basis point on a straight line.
Don Wood: It’s a big old number. I mean, listen, I don’t want to -- the buyer of that portfolio can talk much better than we can talk in terms of what their rationale is, what their thoughts were with respect to the portfolio. I can tell you for our small three buildings that we had a basis of $24 million that we paid, literally in the last 18 months and they sold for $44 million. Do the math. It’s pretty strong.
Don Wood: Yeah. I think so. Now, that again is very bifurcated. So when I think about Bethesda or when I think about Santana, I can tell you, our list of interested small shops, some national small shops and some regional, not so much the first store kind of stuff that you see in a really growing economy, Nat, but where you’ve got two or three or four stores and you would like to expand, they want to get into Santana, they want to get into Bethesda, that kind of thing. We have seen that and we’re continuing to see that with our new leasing team on the West Coast with Jeff Kreshek, I talked about last time, I mean the list he has of particular tenants that we are going after specifically, who have the desire and the ability to make a move like that is stronger than it’s been in the last couple of years. Now, part of it is because Silicon Valley is strong. And in that particular market, there’s a lot going on but I see the same thing -- same type of thing in Bethesda. It’s just not everywhere. And that’s -- that’s a whole -- there is one message here. Its not -- there’s nothing I’m saying that is consistent across United States of America, it’s really very bifurcated.
Don Wood: I think that’s right. And maybe just because I just came from a board meeting in San Jose over the last two days, I felt so, so damn good about what’s happening in northern California with our properties there. Maybe it is a little halo over me.
Don Wood: And that’s the case of most of the time, Alex, I got to tell you we absolutely gets surprised. I mean the most recent one that just comes to mind is Priscilla of Boston, which is a piece of David’s Bridal and they have decided as a company to not go forward after frankly having just signed a lease with us and a few more across the country. In Board meetings, things happen sometimes that are not out in the -- just not out in the street and that was an example. That’s rare, and Chris is exactly right. By the time -- it’s no surprise that Filene’s Basement is closing up. And in the two locations that we have for Filene’s, one at Mid-Pike, which is all about the redevelopment, so no problem, no issue, no -- nothing. That’s going to be rebuilt as the new project. And the other one in Fresh Meadows Queens, we do have very strong interest and we’ve been talking about that space. Now, we couldn’t do anything until something happens but now some things happening there. So we’ll, way down the road, which is your implication because we anticipate.
Don Wood: Yeah. There are generally smaller units, basically what we’re trying to do, I don’t know that when the last time you been out of Santana. But you owe yourself a trip if you want feel good about kind of where we’re going with it. Because the residential at Santana gets such a premium over the residential in the marketplace out there. We’re really making a focused effort on being able to have different price ranges for and different product available to all types of people who want to be in Santana. Today, you can’t get into Santana for rent that’s under 2,400, 2,500 a month. Something like that, as you’re starting spot. This new building will be aiming for rent somewhere around 2,000, 2,100 to start. Now, on a per square foot basis, it’s actually more profitable stuff. But the whole point is being able to choose where you want to live in Santana in a number of different types, product types, all premium, but within the premium range different and more one bedrooms things like that.
Don Wood: There is one thing that drives everything and its tenant sales. And so literally, everyday -- what we try to put through everybody, is to create the tenant mix that is going to create highest level of sales. It’s really the only thing you have to push rent. And so, Jeff’s question really about big box space that for which there is very little demand on is an analytical question basically. Your question on the business is, how do you do it and what are you running and I’ve got to tell you, we’re trying as you know to create an income stream that continues to grow each and every year. And things that fall out of that are rent rollovers and same-store growth and that kind of stuff but those are derivative. They come from the overall plan that we have to fill space with the best merchandise and it creates the highest tenant sales. It’s all we’ve got to be able to continue to push rents. So, that’s the driver first and foremost.Jeff Spector – Bank of America: Okay. Thank you.
Don Wood: Well, I don’t know. I mean, it is part of, health clubs are an important part of our tenant mix, particularly at our mixed-use project, because they’re real, because it’s part of the neighbor, they’re an integral part of the neighborhood in which we’re operating. If you go to Santana, Club One has now been operating there, since 2002, when we open. There an important piece of the activity that happens throughout the day at Santana. When you go to Bethesda, the Equinox that was opened up last year is an important part to generating activity in the restaurants, that’s being to serving the community. And so, that doesn’t mean all health club operators are considered equal because they’re not. And the strong companies, the companies that have demonstrated the ability to be profitable within their spaces and fit in the neighborhoods that we’re in, are -- it’s as important as any soft goods user or any other type of user in terms of its fit.
Don Wood: Yeah. Its great financing, Rich. And obviously, timing, capital allocation with refinancing is a tricky thing, particularly in a company like ours where it’s important that we continue to grow earnings and we show that continued stability and growth. But I can tell you, I have a bias to take a little more of that money, if it’s available even if it does put some cash on the balance sheet for a few months depending upon how many demand we have. But we will balance, you won’t see a – we’re not going to trash earnings because we’re sitting with, a lot of cash on the balance sheet. But there may be some real hit.Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right. Very good. Thank you, Don. I appreciate it, guys.
Jeff Berkes: No Don, I think you hit it. Nat, there’s no plans additional GLA on the Plaza El Segundo side. Certainly as Don mentioned in his opening remarks, were getting development title along with it and you know, through some leasing on the existing improvements and development -- on the development side, that’s where we see the growth going forward.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. I mean, we’re -- there’s not a huge margin to market, Nat, but long-term, that’s an area where there’s going to be income growth and sales growth and we see upside in the rent, medium to long-term. But there is -- the property came online in 2006, 2007, so there is not 2005, 2006 was not a huge in place mark-to-market on the inflation.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. Borders, when we looked at the deal, initially Borders was in occupancy, actually doing pretty well, paying up decent rent. And since we tied it up, we’ve been able to release that space. The tenant will take occupancy in 2012 and the rent they paid was very aggressive and very close to what Borders was paying. So I think that validates the location and validates our ability to grow rents over the long-term.
Chris Weilminster: Sure. I mean, I would say, Alex, that it varies from property to property, as Alex was mentioning, we have got properties like the Bethesda and Santana Row where there is maybe there’s a wait list of certain tenant that want to be into those and then there is some of the growth ranker centers, more traditional locations where we are very specific category that we are going out after and pursuing those tenant. So we’re creating the wait list. And so my answer is that there’s not -- it really varies from asset to asset.
Chris Weilminster: No. We have a watch -- we, I was just going to say that we are very diligent about watching the performance of our retailers. And I think we’ve got great leads on the ones that we see as being weak and we’ve got a long hit list and are very disciplined in how we’re approaching the retailers that we think would improve our tenant mix to back all those spaces, so we’re very proactive about it. Don, I don’t know, if you want to add.
Chris Weilminster: Yeah. I was just going to add on couple what Don was saying that when we look at our centers, it’s all about creating the best mousetrap. How can you say consumers to do what Don said, drive additional sales? Grocery stores bring in daily traffic, we see that category bringing in daily traffic. We clearly believe for all the things that Don just said, that it brings in daily trip count into your center and if there is daily customers are coming in, they get more familiar with the small start tenant and the mix that’s there. So when your glasses break, you realize, oh, yeah, right next to the health clubs that optical store that I want to go, get my glasses fixed that generate more sales. So we see them as an integral part to creating more footfall on our centers and creating that daily traffic that makes it more the location that those consumers choose to go to over other centers in the same shopping district.Cedrik Lachance – Green Street Advisors: Great. That’s helpful. Thank you.
