Don Wood: Let me start with that actually, Dan, and then you go. You know, Craig, Dan is going to follow. But I don't know. And I almost don't care. And I don't mean that tongue in cheek. What we are trying to do is not to kind of get back to where we were. But to effectively in an over retailed environment, make sure that on the other side of this we have better shopping. In order to do that, we're effectively cutting the deals that we need to cut with tenants that we think will be critically important on the other side. We are actively, frankly, not helping out the tenants that won't make it and will produce more vacancy. And so there is very little focus in this company right now on comparable POI. Because in our view, it's not relevant. It's relevant from the standpoint of overall cash flow to make sure we can pay our bills, we can pay our dividend and set ourselves up for the future. But that's it. So from a comparative perspective, I know I have no answer to your question in terms of us versus the peers. Maybe Dan does. But I wanted to get that out first.
Don Wood: Yes. That's a good question Ki Bin. You know, the -- if you're thinking late 202, 2022, 2023, and you put yourself in the kind of position of a retail or trying to do a deal today. If you imagine them, we're asking them to commit to a series of payments for seven years, 10 years, et cetera, where they have less visibility today of who their co tenancy is going to be, probably than they've ever had. And so the notion of the work that we're doing today to make sure the right tenants are there in that center to effectively give them confidence to be able to enter into an economically strong deal is something that you can't see in the results. And philosophically, it's something in my view, that's very different to the extent we do it, because we're doing that everywhere. Every shopping center is about how to make sure the inevitable additional vacancy, which by the way we've never had. So this will be the first time where the ability to get into a Federal Center is actually practical. If you're 93% leased, and you're trying to lease up to 95% or so you have -- we have 23 million square feet, so every point of occupancy, its roughly 230,000 square feet of space. And you do that on shopping, a lot of deals, et cetera. If you're down at 88% leased, and you're going to get back to 95% over a period of time. Then for the first time, we've got the ability to put tenants in that have tried to move up to a Federal Center, but have been unable to. For that to be successful, we better have the right tenants as the foundation in each of those shopping centers. And that's effectively where we spend all of our time. And I truly, I wasn't being snooty with respect to Craig, the first question, trying to compare that to what other people are doing and how they're doing it is not something we're focused on. So that I think is a truly. I think it's the secret if you will to value creation, you're on the other side of this. We don't tend to be a $7 stock on the other side and not -- if we don't see back where we were, it tend to be more and better. So it's not about a percentage of where we were, the percentage of where we're going. And that is a fundamental way of management throughout this building that everybody is focusing on and think that's a little different.
Don Wood: Yes. Very much so. Now look, the big question there is will we feel the same way through January and February and March? Right. I mean, that is still whether anybody wants to talk about it or not, that is certainly with respect to that category, the period of time that'll we'd see whether the prudence if you will of keeping them strong with smart or not. But it's been an amazing weather here on both of those frankly. The production of our restaurant product has been ridiculously strong. At Assembly Row, they're operating 80% change, 85% of where they were. At Santana Row numbers are more than 100% of where they were, because we've done so much outside seating and expanded their capacity, et cetera. So, has it worked so far? Sure. But the real test will come in the next few months.
Don Wood: Yes, it's a good question. First of all, we have a lot of development in progress. And so certainly, we have used to that capital that are certainly identified for. Do I expect over the next year or two for there to be opportunities with assets that we'd love to own? You bet. I do, I really hope we see that. We're starting to -- it'd be interesting even with our on the other side of that with our assets sales to see what the market value of them are as we sell a couple of them. None of which have obviously closed yet, at this point. So we'll see how that plays out. But yes, we do see opportunities that way. And we're judicious users of capital. I mean, there's nothing more embarrassing to me then the Sunset Place failure. There's a lot of good reasons for the failure, but still a failure. So we take very seriously where we allocate capital, why we think the dividend is so important from that perspective. And to the extent, we find as we expect to additional opportunities with great real estate going forward, you'll see exactly.
Don Wood: Yes, no. I don't -- so there's a couple of things about that in the fitness category and in the theater category. So I believe both categories will exist. Do I believe both categories are important for communities going forward? You bet I do. But certainly the jury's out on what their business models will be able to be. What they will need to be profitable? How they will be able to? What levels of rent they'll be able to pay. So you bet that's what I worry about. It's one thing when you're talking about an established retail center, that's got a place and is important to a community to have a tenant like that where you can backfill, you can do another use in our case, in other ways, it's completely different than starting afresh and building a new one. And the -- obviously the Sunset investment would be putting a lot of faith on those users in terms of what they can pay and what their job is going to be in the future while there's from a completely new investment and that was just a bridge too far for us to take.
Don Wood: Yes. It's a great question, Alex. And when you kind of think about those decisions and what you're doing, obviously you're making decisions for a decade or more and then in that regard. The answer is not holistic as you might like it to be. It might be easier, understandable or holistic, but it's not. It really comes down to the individual shopping center, the individual mixed use, project, and what it needs for that community. And what is interesting to me as well, I'm sure, for a number of years, there will be far less restaurants, effectively doing this and making money doing business. Where will those restaurants go? And where will they be? It is in the process of being figured out now, all over the country. And I do think D.C. is a little ahead of that. Because of the geography of D.C., what was downtown? What is in these first tier suburbs? You know, there is really good product in the first year suburb. Frankly, I think we've had a lot to do with that over the last 40 years. And so the ability of a restaurant tour who is really hot downtown, but whose customers are not coming there anymore, either because their offices are closed or because they're in the suburbs, and they're choices there that they feel better about are causing these restaurants to come and look at us. And frankly, in numbers that have surprised us. ___ is our key leasing person on that. And they certainly don't surprise him and tell me this was going to happen all the way along, but surprise me a little bit. And so overall, when you go kind of market-by-market and what product we have in each market, I think it's likely that we'll have a similar diverse, certainly diversified income stream five and 10 years from now, might that change on the gym side or the theater side? Potentially, because I think those are the ones -- those are the businesses that are less predictable in terms of what the profitable business model is going to be. But in terms of food, so it's going to be an important part of what Federal does.
Don Wood: It's so interesting to me. And I'll just give you one example, that kind of goes right to the point of your question. When we're underwriting Hoboken investment last year, which is a lot of street retail and residential apartments on top of it. We said, the downfall of Hoboken is that there isn't a lot of office in Hoboken. And so daytime traffic is always the thing that that we worry about there, because it needs nights and weekends are where they make they make their money. Well, it's one of our better performing asset. And it's one of our better performing assets because people are home. And so traffic during the day and during the street -- on the street and around is strong. Our collections are strong, our tenants are relatively strong. Yes, there were tenants that are going away like everywhere else and we'll be able to backfill. But that kind of combination of being on that side of the river from New York and having people home has been a real benefit. Now, can you take that and extrapolate that all over the country to all kinds of centers? I don't know. I think that's a bit of a stretch. But there is no doubt that that some of the benefits of working for home are helping the community centers. Do I think it'll stay at the level that it is? No, I do not. And as I was saying before I -- as another example, we are in our offices now for 90 days. We're not fully in, but we've got about 50 or 60 people that come in each day for an offset is normally 150 or 160 people each day. The experience here, the ability to effectively walk around what it's done outside and how people feel in here has been ridiculously encouraging. I didn't expect this much of a boost to morale, this much of a -- kind of a good feel from coming into a new office. So that doesn't mean that decision makers are deciding today to enter new office leases. But we do see everywhere, the sentiment that a growing percentage of people want to be back and a growing percentage of employers are embracing that. So I think it'll be a balance, as with most things between where we used to be and where we will be. And I think that diversity of opportunity is what protects the income stream.
Don Wood: Yes. It's a good point. It's hard to deploy profitably if it's not enough of theater. And the exception to that, maybe were kind of going back to our last question. Theaters on the second floor and things like that, that are retentive, depending on how they were built, whether the stadium seating is structural, whether it's -- there's a lot of detail, obviously, into how a building is built and how it needs to be reconfigured. But to the extent you've got high rents in the area where we're talking about high office rents, or otherwise, you can make the economics work. It's really tough, because construction costs are construction costs that have low rents, and to effectively -- yes, you can get a bump up in rent. But pretty hard to get a bump up netted the capital. So high rents to your friends, if you're in markets, that can support that when you do have to reconfigure a space, any space, frankly.
Don Wood: I can't get you there. I know that in a number of places, whether we're looking at it, and it's still being built out by the theater operator in new development down in CocoWalk. That's one particular set of economics. Here at Pike and Rose with an IPIC and the way that is built out, that would be a completely different set of economics. I'm not sure I can get you. I know I can't give you a number that you're asking for, because they are very different.
Don Wood: Yes. It is. You're on it. I mean, that is absolutely another category. The thing is it really depends. So there is more variability in what happens there. We're collecting in the mid 70s, or something of the of the apparel tenant, department stores. And so it's -- it's certainly not bringing up the overall collection.
Don Wood: Very much depends on the particular store. The small shop full price. Apparel stores are probably struggling the most.
Dan G: Yes. Just from a kind of a mathematical perspective, like the big driver is obviously the collectability adjustment. And look, our approach, I mean, the fact that we have more the highest percentage of tenants on a cash basis and take what we feel is a very prudent approach and an appropriate approach. But that drives our collectability adjustments as a percentage of build revenues to be one of the highest in the sector. And that's the biggest driver. Look, I think it's going to allow us to probably have less, more transparency during this during this period, and less impact going forward.
Dan G: Yes. We talk so much about this over the past six months, but the there has to be a guiding philosophy. And ours may be a little different than yours. We believe that dividends at that bargain that's been put out there for investors is a key portion of their total return. And the idea on the other side of this, and as I say we certainly see a path to getting back to an 80% payout ratio or something like that. The idea of giving up on that, as you say when you can afford to do so on balance seems premature. Now -- and that is exactly how the board and we talk about it, we think about it. It's clearly an important part of total returns. So nobody knows how long COVID will go and what story is. And at some point we may not be able to do that. But certainly in November of 2020, which is as I think you know, the first quarter dividend for 2021, paying $80 million in the form of a dividend, we'll certainly have to ultimately pay that anyway. Because it will certainly have more than $80 million of taxable income next year. And that probably applies to February too. Now, by that point, we're going to have a whole lot more visibility as to whether we're able to get out of that, get out of that hole into later in 202, 2022, et cetera. And we'll make decisions at that point, as we do, frankly, every three months, but to me the November one in particular was a pretty -- that's helpful.
Dan G: I think it really, well, we're fighting for every dollar from every tenant, whether they're a cash basis tenant, or an accrual basis tenant. And yet we have more folks on a cash basis in terms of from an accounting perspective, because I think we view them as is not probable, to be able to pay for their entire lease. But we're going to fight aggressively to make sure that we get back as much of that rent possible. I think it remains to be seen there will be some shakeout, I think that we will see some shakeout in our local small shop through the pandemic, I think that we'll see continued pressure on some of the weaker retailers across the different categories into 2021 the first half. And then I think we'll continue to -- we'll see how things play out with regards to the theater and fitness stance.
Dan G: I think it's really tough for, yes. Some portion of that we'll be looking to backfill. I can't give you a number now, Alex. But I think we're pretty well positioned that even if they do go away, it's not permanent. And we'll have demand to backfill and backfill it in practice economics.
Dan G: Now bankruptcy on, pull it on our occupancy rates roughly about 80 basis points impact. So far, we've got probably exposure to about 4% of our revenues, as it relates to all tenant to a file this year. If you back out those tenants who have emerged from bankruptcy, and stayed open in our centers, it's probably total exposure of about three and a quarter percent. And of those do we expect to close ultimately, it's probably in the one and a quarter to one and half range in terms of as a percentage of our total revenue.
Dan G: Look, I look, I think that the worst of 2020 has hit us. But I think we'll see another wave, certainly in the first half of 2021 of more pains to kind of hit. And that's why we've forecasted that our occupancy will go down below the 90% level certainly in the first half of 2021.
Dan G: It remains to be seen Linda. But PPP loans were important. They were certainly important in this first phase. I think you'll see -- I'm sure, you'll see more now in the second phase, probably in the January February timeframe. I think they're very important. I think particularly because of the timing here. And I think if you had sit back and you kind of think about it, this will be a really interesting year. You know how you and me and all of us feel coming out of winter, into a spring normally. And normally, there's a there's a pickup in consumer spending. Normally there's a pickup and what's happening. This year has the potential to be a really good one. Because in addition to that normal feeling coming out of the winter into the spring, I do believe there'll be VPP money or something like that, that'll be a pretty critically important. I do believe there'll be a vaccine, which even if it's not delivered or completely total efficacy, et cetera, will still be very important. And I do believe that it'll be a tougher winner than it normally is anyway, because of the situation we're in. So PPP is just one piece of I think of number of catalysts that could really make that spring and summer of 2021 better than anything.
Dan G: I think we're certainly going to use the cash we have to repay the bonds that come due in January. Look, we've got the flexibility to extend the term loan for another year from March. And so we're going to maintain maximum flexibility based upon the -- flexibility based upon the visibility we see as we go through and work our way through. And so, won't be judicious in terms of managing our cash balances. But we're going to we're going to keep a cash in place for as long as we feel like we need it.
Dan G: Yes. We're still on track. It's probably going to push into kind of next year, with the first half of next year, but it's on track. And we feel reasonably good that that's [Indiscernible]. It will happen in March of 2021.
Jeff Berkes: Hey, Craig, it's Jeff Berkes. And yes. I think that's absolutely true. We obviously have some space on Third Street that we need to deal with and we are. But until things are open up and we can kind of see a little bit clearer to the other side of the pandemic, I don't expect to see a ton of leasing activity on Third Street Promenade, whether it's our buildings or anybody's buildings.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. I'll handle. Its Jeff. Maybe the best way to say assessing the market on a few assets right now. They're all very different in terms of what they are and where they are. So of course, we're seeing different responses from the market. And I don't want to talk too much about pricing, because we're in the middle of negotiations on all of them. But I will tell you, assets that you think would trade at high prices. We are seeing prices that we think are strong. What more to talk about on it on a topic hopefully next quarter, but there are buyers out there, just like there are tenants that don't have legacy issues and have capital and they're doing leases. There are buyers without legacy issues that have capital and they're going to be buying real estate.
Jeff Berkes: No, I think it I think, the high 80s is where we'll probably be, if you're going to continue calculated the same way as it's been. And I think that's because there'll be some additional Fallout, as I, as Dan and I both said, that we believe will happen this winter. And yes, there'll be deferrals that are paid back that goes the other way. So, effectively, a balance about where we are probably a little bit better than where we are is what we're looking at right now.
