Donald Wood: Yes. No, Juan, I try to without mentioning a name or getting myself in trouble, I try to indicate that there is a large tenant there that we are very close to lease signing on, the LOI is done. We're in the last stages of lease signing. I'm not going to name the tenant today, but you certainly will know them. And we would expect that lease, unless something dramatic goes wrong, done very shortly from here on. That -- along with that for sure and a couple of other smaller things is what gets us to that half done on that building in Santana West. And similarly, very close to signing on a couple of deals here at Pike & Rose or at 915 Meeting, which would get that building to 80% leased. So been a very different last few months in terms of, not just tours, but productivity in terms of turning LOIs into leases.
Donald Wood: Yes, Alex it's really a good question. I mean the bottom line is, when you're trying to improve your portfolio, what you're effectively doing is, taking all of that into consideration for not just next year or the year after that, but the term of the lease. So it includes the capital decisions that have to be made in terms of what’s going in. I will tell you that to the extent a tenant and this just I think makes sense to you, a tenant that we like a lot, but that has a riskier profile to the extent we're limiting significantly the capital we'll get to and we'll give them a shot. To the extent we're investing in that piece of real estate, that particular space in there, then there better be credit, there better be comfort, if you will that we're going to get paid, we're very likely to get paid through the entire term of the lease. So as I started out, I mean, this is a very good time for supply and demand dynamics. And what that means in the better properties is choice. And to the extent you have that choice, you absolutely consider things like leverage level, like what the owners are planning to do with the asset or with their retailer, etcetera. So it's a good time to be able to continue to upgrade the portfolio.
Donald Wood: It does. It does Steve. And look, at the end of the day, it's still a very local business and you're having this conversation based on what the potential choices are for that particular piece of real estate, where I love it, where I think the -- and I just believe this is the most important thing, it is in the contract itself. And so the leverage generally, whether it comes out in better bumps, I mean, you know how I feel about the bumps. That's a contractual increase in cash flow for a long period of time, nothing beats that to me. That's the first thing. And the second thing is, making sure that we have control of the space because the tenant wants control of the rest of that shopping center, not just the space, but the shopping center. And so I do think we're making and I've always kind of focused on this as a big thing for us to make sure that contract is as landlord friendly as it could be, but those are places where we have made pretty strong strides in the last 18 months in particular for strong leases with big bumps. So that's where I'd look for it most. And that's an insurance policy to know that the foundation of this company, the basic shopping centers throughout this company are really strong with rents that whether you believe it or not are under market as proven by each quarter that we go through. Now you take that and you supplement that with things like the redevelopments that we're doing at places like Huntington with a new residential project that we're doing at Bala Cynwyd with potential stronger acquisition market as we move forward, that's where I get very excited and very positive about the future growth of the company.
Donald Wood: Hey, Jeff. First of all, thanks for listening to the opening remarks. I appreciate that a ton. And yes, you are dead right in terms of where I see it. But let me turn it over to Jeff Berkes or Jan. Give us – guys, give us your thoughts on that question.
Donald Wood: Yes, Jeff, you've heard us talk about this in the past. We are very creative in how we structure deals. We have been for a very long time good at figuring out ways to solve sellers issues, particularly private sellers and older sellers that have owned the properties for a long time. So A lot of tools in the toolbox here at Federal and we expect to be putting them to good use this year.
Donald Wood: I have to ask you to go, Dan or somebody on resi occupancy for a second. Before you do though on the retail occupancy in the Q4, Greg, that's just timing. There's nothing in there from a trends perspective that we feel any different about. I know we had a couple of particular Anchors that are released that went out in the fourth quarter and again released good spreads going forward, but just timing in the quarter there. I don't know, Wendy, if there's more to say about that for Greg.
Donald Wood: Yes, let me -- Dan go ahead on resi if you want, but my comment, Greg, would be. We have a couple of markets that are very seasonal, primarily out here in California and New England. So we do try and ramp up occupancy, going into the slower winter season. So we can ride through first quarter of a little bit slower leasing in those seasonal markets and be in a position where we're not giving up a lot when the leasing season heats up again, so some of that strategic in the way we build occupancy up in the prior quarter. But Dan, if you got more to add, please do so.
Donald Wood: That's a good question, Craig. The funding with the -- funding with the trophy assets at some point, it's something for the future. It's not something for today, given where the market stand and the appetite and got still the uncertainty on that stuff overseas in particular. With respect to boosting the acquisition portfolio now. That's what that aligns for. So there is -- there is short-term financing and then it will be long-term financing. But there is -- there is a reason that powder is dry and we'd like to use it.
Donald Wood: Yeah. On the pro-rata, I would say, effectively in terms of the contribution of the course of the year.
Donald Wood: And then the timing, we'll let you know on the timing. We'll start on Acrisure recognized some revenue this year, 2024. And we'll let you know when we sign the leases of the timing of the leases that we have in the pipeline, kind of when those will look to come online.
Donald Wood: No, I wanted to ask you, Dan, I mean from a tax perspective, tax basis perspective, putting $200 million on Bethesda Row frees up some flexibility with respect to the --
Donald Wood: Yeah. It is guidance. And I think there are a lot of things that go into now in particular that go into the FFO guidance. I mean as it relates to specifically, the comparable y-o-y growth with 2.5% to 4% occupancy levels and how aggressively and how quickly we can up towards 93%. I think, how much percentage rent. And we continue to collect parking revenues and we control property level expenses the way we have which has been a big help. Term fees, I guess don't apply to that metric but that's going to drive FFO. Although it will necessarily drive the of POI metric excluding that, how quickly and how we can get development POI up. And I think one of the things that going to be a big driver as we look we purposely have $600 million of floating rate debt, quickly SOFR comes down. I think we're pretty conservative in terms of our assumptions for where interest rates will go. And so that's -- that will have an impact. And then, I think what we've done an exceptional job at which probably drive some of the POI growth is just getting tenants open sooner, keeping tenants inpossession. Longer -- keeping tenants in that would be expected to leave. I think that's a -- that's a another driver. I think they all contribute throughout the range.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, sure Don. Hey Jeff, it's Jeff Berkes. I'm here with Jan, he'll jump in a minute on what he's seeing kind of day to day in the market. But, yes, you're right. We are looking forward to a good year in 2024 for acquisitions. We didn't really see anything in 2023 that excited us that much other than the opportunities we had to invest within our own portfolio at very accretive rates, but we think the market is starting to heal and we expect 2024 to be a better year, certainly a good year for us for acquisitions and I know you know as well and you probably know what I'm going to say, but keep in mind that -- look we've got a very compelling cost to capital. We are not constrained by any one sub product type within retail, we will -- we're format agnostic. We are more focused on location and opportunity with the piece of dirt than exactly the improvements that sit on it today. We have a really well developed team here that looks at highest and best use and ways to add value through re-leasing, remerchandising and improving the existing improvements, as well as knocking parts of the property down and going vertical and doing things like we're doing at Bala and other shopping centers in our portfolio where we add residential. We've got great relationships in the market. We're known as a closer, both with the sellers and the brokers, so I think we've got a lot of advantages and a really sort of clear eye towards growing the company through accretive acquisitions that are going to deliver long term growth to the company and we hope the markets respond and I think they will, but let me turn it over to Jan and kind of let him give you his thoughts on what we're seeing in the market today.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. I'm actually going to pass it Jan. Floris, Jan handles all of our large office leasing. So, let me turn it over to him.
Jeff Berkes: Hey, Dan, if I can just add on. Paulina, it's Jeff. One thing to think about too as it relates to federal and the residential that we develop and we've got about $900 million pipeline of projects in the design and entitlement phase right now is almost all of those -- are at places where we already operate residential property. That's the case at Bala, the case if we do anything of Bethesda Row, Santana Row, Pike and Rose, Assembly Row, other places in Montgomery County, Maryland where we own real estate. So the risk adjusted return for us is really, really strong. We understand the rental market very well, we operate units, we're adding units. So we understand the operating costs very well. And as Don mentioned in the prior question, when we contract for the construction, we're doing that with full construction drawings great bid coverage and a guaranteed maximum price contract. So the risk adjusted returns for us are exceptionally strong when we add residential to our portfolio.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. That's exactly right. On the residential portfolio seasonality is really what's driving that move. We're up year-over-year from an occupancy perspective and we fully expect occupancy to pull back in the fourth quarter relative to due to that exact reason. And we have a small portfolio. I think that it only takes a handful of units to kind of move things a little bit. So I would not read anything into that at all.
Dan Guglielmone: And I'm going to take a mandate, the common thread through all of this is either -- it's funny, either relocations from Downtown to these mixed use properties in both of them basically in that first ring suburbs or out further and coming in looking for the full amenities that is true, these properties provide. And that's been so darn consistent over the past 3, 3.5, 4 years with respect to what's happening there. I don't see that stopping. It's -- the demands of these tenants who are generally taking less space than they had, wherever they were West Coast, some kind of campus. The East Coast, the East Coast, same type of thing potentially. But they were -- they are taking less space but they demand more in terms of the amenity base and that is so consistent in basically the three places, the three big projects, whether it's - same in Boston, with respect to assembly. So, that's the common thread.
Dan Guglielmone: And just, Floris, to remind you and I think we've talked about this before, and Don alluded to it in his earlier comments. Most of the tenants that are moving into that -- are state of our buildings in those three locations are coming from inferior buildings where they take more space and they're downsizing. So while they may be paying a higher rent per foot in our buildings than they were paying because they're taking less square footage their overall occupancy costs are less which again goes to them not being as sensitive about rent. I think that's important to understand.
Dan Guglielmone: For tax planning. And so, I think having the leverage on there and having debt on Bethesda, where we've created significant value over our ownership created a ton of value above where if we do want to bring in a joint venture partner, this brings and gives us that optionality and that flexibility from a tax efficient.
Dan Guglielmone: Well, 8% -- we had significant headwinds 2027 -- we have less headwinds heading into 2024, although they're still there. I haven't done the calculation, but it's probably a couple of 100 basis points of incremental, if you back out the cost of that. So the 3% probably goes up to something north of 5%, less money costs at least from my perspective. I haven't done the exact calculation, but that's roughly where I would say.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, it's a good question. When -- it's not dramatic in terms of a reduction in construction costs. I mean, when you think about the components of it, particularly the labor component of it. When business slows down as it obviously has passed a couple of years, you've got better leverage to get labor rates that makes them more sense. And when you compare that to really last five or six years in particular before that, it's a dramatic difference in terms of being able to forecast. And that's really the most important thing here is, anytime you want to do a redevelopment or development itself, it's about predictability of costs in addition to growth on the rents. So what's happening now is we're finding much better predictability in construction costs primarily on the labor side, we're going to tie these things down to GMP's a maximum price contracts. And so when you're able to do that, then you can then focus more on what the rent growth is the timing, does it make sense to do. In the case of Bala, it was really a case where supply and demand finally made some sense without new product being added in that particular section of the main line, which is very attractive. So we really liked that, now we could make sense of that, a year ago or two years ago or three years ago, but we can make sense of it now. I would hope to see more of those possibilities going forward. And remember, this is land that Federal owns for a very long-time, and that gives you a huge advantage because the land costs are aren't incremental landlords, associated with it. So that's why that makes sense. So when you look at construction, I wouldn't look at it as you know, costs are going to be dramatically lower than they were, but they've certainly stabilized and coming down a few percentage points because of the labor side. It's an important consideration when you're deciding where to go or not.
Dan Guglielmone: I think that developing this towards -- developing this to a 7 is clearly higher than it would be in today's market. And as interest rates come down and stabilize, obviously, what we -- what the spread is, as well north of 100 basis points, 150 basis points and 200 basis points. And look, we are going to expect to be able to grow rents residentially in line with kind of what we've done in our residential portfolio is amenitize adjacent to great retail and we've been able to grow rents very attractively overtime. So as we grow rents, obviously the POI, it's going to be a big driver of those unlevered returns as well. So those are the -- those are the inputs that go in there that get us very comfortable, get a double digit IRR unlevered something that's achievable, developing this to a 7 initially, and having a growth from there.
