Donald C. Wood: Yes. I think that's -- I can, Jeff, give you points of view on it anyway. The first thing I do want to say, and I think it's really hard anytime you've got a company that's got a bunch of development coming on, I see lots of people who refer to Federal as trading at a 4.7 cap. Well, there's $460 million or so on the balance sheet as construction in process, and the idea of taking income and dividing it by a total asset base that includes assets that are not performing and are not put into service yet seems unfair effectively. So at some point, we're going to get to this conversation, and I think, as Jim said in the last -- and he said, we're going to get you up to Assembly in the next 60 days or 75 days, and I'd love to get everybody better educated effectively on exactly what it is that we're doing there and exactly what it is that we're doing at Pike & Rose, so that there can be a better understanding of the core vis-a-vis the development opportunities that are not opportunities any longer. They're being constructed. So that's an important distinction first, I think, when you talk about underperformance, Jeff, but that needs to be understood better and I think that's primarily on us, to do a better job that way and it's probably the right time. When you talk about the core, look, I've said this before, I get -- I'm not sure everybody agrees with me, but I just believe that this business is a 3% business on the side of Federal and I think it's a 1.5% or 2% business in terms of same-store growth when you take out lease-up, when you take out occupancy changes and you simply talk about what overall portfolios grow in terms of NOI. That's the business that we're in. That doesn't mean any quarter. That doesn't mean any necessarily year. But it is the business that we're in. For -- when I see Federal, what I have seen over the past, it's now 3 or 4 quarters, is better leverage in our ability to push rents. And I think it shows not only in the numbers, but I think it shows in the amount of yields effectively that we're getting done. I don't see that stopping. I see -- softening is the wrong word, but I see it leveling out a little bit as we get into these summer months and we'll see how that goes for the rest of the year. But there is clearly pent-up demand for the right kind of locations. And I think if you take a look deep into these results, that you'll see it's very broad based. And that is something that has continually gotten better over the years. So that doesn't mean any period of time you're not going to see 4% growth from us, 5% growth from us. Even more, this quarter was really, really strong. And part of this quarter, again, as we picked up occupancy year-over-year, not as much as some of our competitors, but nonetheless, there is a component of that associated in there. So I don't know, Jeff, if that's as much as you need or you want some more on it, but the notion of kind of thinking about this company long term, what it's going to do, it's 3%. And when we get -- start getting the incremental benefit from those developments, which will start in the second half of 2014 and certainly positively impact '15 and then more so in '16, and frankly, when you look at the future phases beyond that, it is -- it's visibility towards value creation that is kind of hard to see everywhere in our business. It's right there.
Donald C. Wood: Let me give you -- there is no such prohibition. We -- it's market driven. We'll evaluate that opportunity for future phases. We're certainly going to watch and see how they do in the first phase. I'd be lying to you if I told you I wasn't a little bit envious because I think, from everything we can tell in terms of demand and the market rents that they'll achieve, you'd have to talk to Avalon about this, but I think they're going to -- I think it's going to be great. And when it comes to future phases, we're -- I mean, look, we're going to look hard at trying to learn from that. We'll have a bias to doing it ourselves. But we're going to wait and see, and there's no prohibition one way or the other on our ability to do that. No handcuffs. When it comes to the IKEA parcel, I did not mention the IKEA parcel and I probably should have. We have the approval to buy the IKEA parcel. And we've got another -- we got board approval to that. In fact, we got that done yesterday. We have not decided internally whether we're going to do that or not. We will decide that in the next 2 months. We got until the end of September effectively to exercise that option with IKEA. Right now, I would handicap it better than 50-50 that we're going to get that done.
Donald C. Wood: Actually, we just need to adjust those T-shirts and say, Life begins at Sepulveda, because that's where Plaza El Segundo is.
Donald C. Wood: We're -- we -- I mean, they are both in full force right now. Now how some of that -- how some of the cash is playing out is based on how we're negotiating the -- how we negotiate the contracts, et cetera. But we are there fully. So you should see, third quarter, which will be stronger than second quarter, fourth quarter stronger than that, and a continuation into the middle or actually third quarter of next year. By that point, with a little bit of luck, we're going to be talking about maybe an additional phase at Pike & Rose that could follow right on. But there'll be a little bit of gap there. But that's really the period of time that you should see the next 4 quarters straight.
Donald C. Wood: That's a fair question, Alex, and let me be unequivocal. No. The -- our acquisition criteria, our acquisition approach, our acquisition shipments effectively and the way we go about that is not impacted one iota based on what earnings are going to be. Those are 2 completely separate things. The company -- look, this company is primarily, we believe it through and through, is about value creation in the real estate. There are times when that value creation works beautifully in terms of FFO growth and there are times like bringing on development, as you rightly point out, when there is a lag that gets picked up later on. But the driver is the value in the real estate. And you very appropriately talked about that drag there. Let me say this, even with the drag that naturally happens from -- you're going to see -- we still certainly expect to see FFO growth next year. So I don't want you to think that we'll be going backwards. The going question is, what's the core doing versus what the development doing in. And it's incumbent upon us to do a little bit better job than we've been doing, to tell you the truth, on -- in understanding of how those 2 components really contribute to the company. And it's kind of the same conversation I was having before in terms of what the actual implied cap rate of this company and that goes together and it's incumbent upon us to break that out a little bit differently. But please don't think, oh my gosh, in order to get more earnings, we're going to go make some acquisitions to be accretive. If we did that -- you wouldn't want this team here doing that.
Donald C. Wood: But that is very fully leased in the portfolio. And I actually would not expect to get to -- I mean, it could happen in any particular quarter, but I would not expect it to be at 97%. Having said that, there's still room to go. Absolutely, there's still room to go. And the small shop rent is where -- small shop occupancy is where it primarily would happen. As we're at 90% or 91%, we've been as high as 94%, we've been as low as 89% in -- on that sector. So there's room to go there.
Donald C. Wood: It's a great question. What will color our view on future phases will be results of our first phase and how we're doing. I can tell you that, as you know, development is a long-term business. The idea that -- and none of these developments we're doing for the first phase is to be done and just standalone that way because as you see from Santana, as you see from lots of our projects, it is those future phases where we really create value in a significant way. I mean, those residential buildings are happening out of Santana at 8% and the last one was almost a 9% deal versus you tell me what the cap rate is on that kind of money. That's serious value creation, and so we would certainly expect to be able to build out the balance of these projects. Now we're going to see how the first phase is doing. We're taking information in all the way along. Just like the first quarter, the first -- the earlier call asking about Assembly and how Avalon will be doing on those -- on the apartments, that will be very, very important information for us to assess the likelihood of additional demand at that location. Right now, that is looking real good, but we don't have to guess about that. In the next 6 months, we'll see it.
Donald C. Wood: Okay. I love that you asked that question, Vin. I'll tell you what that's about. It's something we're still in the early phases of. I mean, obviously, we own lots of shopping centers in very in-fill locations. And the ability to do some residential on in-fill locations is something that we've always looked at very closely. But by the same token, living in the back of a shopping center may not be on the top of everybody's list in terms of a place to be. So trying to balance demand with the economics has always been a challenge and would be all the time. By doing a modular design, it does seem, at the particular location that we're talking about, which is Chelsea, Massachusetts, just outside of Boston, and I do mean just outside of Boston, very close in suburbs. In order to make the numbers work, given where we thought market rents were, we needed to find a way to effectively take costs $1 million -- let's call it 10% or 12%, out of the cost basis to make it -- make some sense without doing just a bare-bones project that wouldn't satisfy the market. Modular may have given us that opportunity. I think it did in that particular case. Now whether that's able to be exploited and moved on to 3, 4, 5 or 6 other places, it's the experiment that we're in the middle of right now, but it does open up a new way of looking at the building that is very different, obviously, than what we would do at Pike & Rose or Assembly or any of the other larger mixed-use projects. So that's kind of where we were on that one and more to come in terms of the next couple of years, in terms of whether we can find a couple of other places to deploy $13 million at an 8 or better than an 8.
Donald C. Wood: Oh, it's widespread. And there are absolutely other developers that use that. But what I'm not sure of is whether that modular design is really the critical thing in terms of being able to make the projects work as opposed to really understanding what the market rents are and what the product that had to be built is. Modular just gives us another way to look at it to compete within developers, within other construction companies.
Donald C. Wood: It's a good question. And Tayo is talking about Russ Joyner, who is a new hired General Manager that we hired for -- specifically for Assembly. And I just want to give a little kind of shout out to Russ because we stepped up here. We got a very experienced guy, a guy that came directly from Miracle Mile Shops in Vegas, has terrific experience with Hollywood and Highland and a number of other big projects throughout the country over the last 15, 20 years. He also played with Doug Flutie whilst in college back in the 80s. So that's not a bad thing for the local conversation. But Russ is a very qualified guy who, getting in early in a big mixed-use project, we have found from Santana, from Pentagon, from Rockville, that it's critical to a full understanding of how the projects' coming together, how the leases are being negotiated from an operating perspective. He's looking very closely at the marketing plans, the grand opening, how it all ties together, the place-making, the tenant relationships as they -- as the space is turned over to them. Very, very critical to not do that too late. So that your operating team comes on after development and construction have effectively built the place out and leasing the place out without -- it makes it much harder to have the right kind of synergies between those departments if you bring them on too late. That's what he's doing here now and we're thrilled to have him.
Donald C. Wood: I'm not going to get down to the individuals things that we're doing per se, but I will tell you, on a big picture, there are some major things to think about. One is the Riverfront in Somerville, Massachusetts, on the Mystic River has never been exploited. It's never been opened up and effectively used as the amenity that it could be to the community. We've done that now, and that's one of the reasons I can't wait to get you there to see it, in terms of how it really adds to the feeling of this property. It's really, really important. Secondly, we signed a temporary deal, brought in a temporary deal on the adjacent parcel, in fact, effectively on the IKEA parcel, for a Cirque du Soleil type of show called Cavalia, which will bring in more than 100,000 people over the next 7, 8, 10 weeks. It's kind of longer there. But the first show is next week. That will get people to understand how to get in there, how it all works, and we think it's really, really positive. And frankly, if you saw the tents and the view from the highway, from 93 of this, I think you'd be blown away. In addition to that, we do much more of the traditional marketing stuff in terms of events using that park, activating it, getting people comfortable and understanding where it is that we're going or how to get there and how to be part of it before a large grand opening party which will take place next year.
Donald C. Wood: In both cases, Cedrik, both of those assets, both San Diego and Forest Hills, go back to a time where we acquired street retail assets on a one-off basis. It's a really hard way to do it in a public company of our size. And so over the past 10 years, we've disposed of most of those one-off assets. In fact, it really impacted how we thought about Newbury Street in Boston, if you remember just a couple of years ago. We bought a few buildings. We thought we could get more. When we couldn't get the largest portfolio, we immediately turned around and sold them because we don't want to be involved as a kind of an absentee landlord with one-off triple net. We can't do -- we're not going to make any money in that kind of situation. So the ability to have -- to get a very good price, I think you'll be very happy with the cap rates that you see on them, the first one is closed. The second one, I mean, that deal could fall through. It's in due diligence now. It'll -- it's scheduled to close, I think, in early September. But assuming it happens, I think you'll see why a private owner can take that and have it at work, get a low cap rate for that person, but for us, to be able to shelter that tax gain, which is substantial, over the 10 and 15 years that we've owned these assets and roll it into something like Darien on a tax efficient basis where we see and we have a plan to be able to create some significant value or we hope to have a plan and be able to do that is, to us, just smart recycling. And that's what we're about.
Donald C. Wood: And when you think about that, Cedrik, don't you think about acquisitions. Think about this development pipeline. Think about what kind I was talking about with respect to Plaza El Segundo. And we're not there on the numbers yet, but I think we will be in terms of being able to do the point, which is on some really nice new development adjacent to it because of that. Would I like to be -- would like it to be bigger in Southern California? Absolutely would. I mean, those assets have performed and we expected to continue to perform extremely well. The same thing with respect to our additional investment in Northern California. Boston is going to be a critical market for us as Assembly Square comes on and continues to do -- and we continue to build it out going forward. Rockville right here in Washington D.C. with Pike & Rose and what's happening with Pike & Rose, and everything else that we own here makes us important in those markets. It make us do a better job when we're there. So I believe thoroughly in the concentration of a few markets that are very different. And I've said this before, having the volatility of Northern California with the stability, if you will, of the Northeast and mid-Atlantic is really -- it's terrific. And that doesn't mean that we couldn't -- you couldn't see us out of Seattle if something was -- were happening there or to get bigger in Florida, in the type of assets that we'd like to buy, you could see that all day long. But you won't see -- you have to basically consider us in the markets that we're in and we still see largely because of the development pipeline, a whole lot more to do in those markets.
Donald C. Wood: We're where we thought we were going to be. A little bit ahead on the restaurant deals that were there. The subsidized deals that we have to do in terms the Nikes and the Saks' are just that as we thought they would be. The theater deal is a big deal. And the theater deal is right where we thought it was going to be. LEGO, we specifically did for that use, a little worse than we expected to be. But you know what, that's what it is. It's an underwriting forecast that has things that are better and worse. Overall, we're right where we thought we were going to be. But as I said, I think the restaurants will push it up a little bit more than that.
James M. Taylor: Both good questions. Yes, I think that's a reasonable run rate, Jeff, in terms of G&A. And again, ticked up slightly this quarter because we were making investments in people as we're bringing this value creation online. So employee hiring, relocation costs, et cetera, including bringing on board Russ Joyner who's going to manage the Assembly Row project for us. In terms of that debt refinancing opportunity, very, very much in our focus, particularly when you consider where rates are, the ability to go out long on terms. And frankly, the expensive costs that the debt and the mortgages that are coming due next year, both next year, Jeff, at the 7.5%. And frankly, in 2015, we got some 7.95%. So we're looking at it. Again, we're sitting with some cash on the balance sheet. And I think, as I've always said, we never want to be in the market when we have to be. We're going to be opportunistic. It's part of what drove our decision to do the 2.75% bonds that we did, and we'll wait until the market conditions are favorable to do that.
James M. Taylor: Look, I mean, no one's crystal ball is perfect, Alex, as you well know, and we're not about trying to time the market. The thing that we do look at is what is the health of the market at any particular point in time and is it a favorable environment in which to go out and raise capital. Clearly, we saw that earlier in the year. I think this volatility that the market has seen over the last couple of months has made it less advantageous to be an issuer in the environment. Folks who are paying new issue concessions that were pretty material, I think we've seen that market settle in a little bit. But I think what's important for us, again, is to always have maximum flexibility to access the market when appropriate and not when you see a lot of dislocation and unfavorable dynamics from an issuer's perspective.
James M. Taylor: No, no. Again, I think the biggest difference, Christy, year-over-year in the same-store really was the term fees that we had last year. We had a couple of significant term fees out on the West Coast that we didn't have this year. Otherwise, really, the bulk of the same-store growth was driven by min rent, not so much by recoveries. And if there's something that we can provide the additional detail, let's catch up offline. But effectively, pretty straightforward in terms of what the drivers were of that NOI growth.
James M. Taylor: Yes. No, not materially. I mean, again, if you look at our overall GAAP adjustments coming down from the revenue line, you can see that they're not material. And when you think about our same-store portfolio, and I think this is an important point, when you include redevelopment in our same-store portfolio, it's effectively 95-plus percent of our NOI, which I think is unique in our sector. A lot of people will take that "same-store pool" and make some adjustments as to what's truly comparable. So you're looking at NOI that's maybe only 75% of total NOI that's in your same-store pool. We try to keep it simple. And so really, when you look at what we've disclosed on our GAAP adjustments, you can see what we're doing overall, and it's basically right in line with what's happening on the same-store pool.
James M. Taylor: Yes, it's moved out. We did the last deal at about 1.12%, and I think it's probably moved out 25 -- 20, 25 basis points from there.
James M. Taylor: We'll be opportunistic there just as we are on the acquisition side. We typically will try to match up dispositions with acquisitions so that we can do it most efficiently. We've owned our average assets 20 years, so we need to focus on the efficiency of those transactions. But we're always evaluating the different markets and trying to put ourselves in a position that we're not stuck in any particular execution. With that said, I do need to point out that we will remain disciplined from a balance sheet perspective. We're not going to let our metrics deteriorate, something that we focused on, because that's the basis of our flexibility. That's what gives us the ability to raise capital most efficiently in a manner that is opportunistic for the company. So that discipline will stay. And again, whether it's future dispositions or equity raises, will be driven a large measure by what we're seeing.
James M. Taylor: And Vin, one thing to point out when we talk about modular construction, when you actually see the product, you can't tell. It's very well executed, and we're pleased with how the units look and we're certainly getting very positive feedback from some of the initial residents.
James M. Taylor: You're already seeing some of the activity benefiting the power center, in terms of activity and traffic. And with the completion of the Starbucks and Burger Dive that Don mentioned, you're starting to see how the site fits together and I think our tenants there are thrilled about what's going on and the attention that we're drawing to the project.
James M. Taylor: We like the markets that we're in, Cedrik. We think over time that the way those markets work together and interact help us continually outperform. In terms of areas that we're particularly focused on, obviously, we'd like to add more in the Northeast and hence, you saw the Darien acquisition and we hope to be able to do a few more things up there. But generally speaking, we remain focused on the markets where we are and think that those markets are going to position us well for the next several years.
Vincent Chao: Okay. And just one last question. I was curious, in the press release regarding the Chelsea Place completion, you talked about a modular design that helped to shorten the time frame for development and that kind of thing. I was just wondering if you could just quantify some of the benefits that you saw from that and if that's something that can be applied to other -- some of your other residential projects.
Vincent Chao: Okay. So I mean, if we're thinking about it, it really sounds like it wouldn't necessarily increase the yield but just opens up more opportunities to do more of that kind of development.
Vincent Chao: But it wouldn't be -- it wouldn't go to 12, but you'd just have more of those opportunities that you could -- you'd actually...
