Don Wood: We are just talking about that, Jason. When you look at the orange line and I don’t have numbers yet. I wish I did. We can get them in terms of who is coming off and who is coming on. When you think about it, while Phase I is open and the residential is open upstairs, traffic continues to build. Now within less than two years we are going to have 4700 employees, who are going to work everyday for foreigner healthcare and you will have the second phase opening. So I think you will see going from zero upper rents, that’s pretty steady between now and the next few years. I mean, obviously, it’s a critical park to making that land a whole lot more valuable than it was before.
Don Wood: Well, first of all, they make money. I don’t want it to be viewed as a subsidy if you will, it’s not subsidy at all. We evaluate the markets and we believe we are going to make money on them. Even though we are very conservative in the way we are disclosing them in the 8-K, but I will tell you when you look at the communities that we are building, they are on critical part. These are living communities. They are not Disneyland. They are not pretty picture on the front of the annual report. So it’s a half product in within the apartment product. It’s not like we build the same buildings with the same consumer in mind or renter in mind, they are different products and this kind of row has showed us that in the best -- has the best example. Similarly, having some level of for sale, now we are public REIT and we are certainly all about a long-term interest rate. So we are not going to do a lot for sale units, but they have some of that product just like growing levels of apartment product is critical to making the whole community work as one.
Don Wood: Yes. We do. We have. We have done a lot on and thinking about it. And I can tell you that conversations that we’ve had not only with Avalon and the renters and how many of those folks are asking for sale unit plus also with respect to partners and then coming in there and the kind of dearth of that type of product available outside of Boston. I mean, what we are building will be a far more of an urban condo product and when you look at the comps up there and I know they aren’t a lot of that math exactly. It sure feels like demand will significantly increase supply to 100 units or so. As specific conversation with Don Briggs, while you are up there Jeff, can give you a whole lot more. And we’ll be talking a whole lot more as we get on the way. But the market research says, this is absolutely the right thing to do.
Don Wood: Well, listen, we will see right. We’re going to push hard and let’s talk about the retail, first. The single biggest and that we’ll be pushing for harder in the second phase versus the first phase is more fixed rent less percentage. And that should be attainable based on the success of the first Phase. But overall, we would expect higher numbers, combined fixed plus percentage in the second phase then first phase and that’s simply less risk because of the first phase they open. On the residential side, you can talk Avalon in their call stuff but boy, they’re really strong. The rents they’re getting are really strong. And the product that we were building is differentiated. Remember, they built two types of product, they’ve got the AVA and the Avalon product in two separate buildings in Phase I. And so just like we’ve seen at Santana Row, and kind of what I’ve just seeing adjacent, there has to be a balance of product type there and one of the buildings we’re building there on the residential side is high rise. So those views that will be a different product, those rents will be a bit higher, although we’re not underwriting them to be a bunch higher at all, with whatever Avalon is achieving today. So we feel like we’re underwriting it very reasonably. We feel like the product will be significantly bit differentiated. Do I expect there to be stabilization when you put a bunch of new product on the market. Do I expect there to see some rent pressure on the lease up, particularly with the Avalon side versus this, I’d sure I do but your questions are right one. Upon stabilization, I think you’re going to see clearly underserved residential market here with the street that is just killer. So I’m going to say that.
Don Wood: Well, I don’t know that it’s increasing dispositions. Listen, we look at this stuff very, very holistically with respect to the company. Now to the extent there is an asset or two or three and they are not a lot of them in this portfolio that underperformed. But to the extent there are, yeah, we are going to match them up with an acquisition. But, I think, if you took from those comments and went out and underwrote a bunch more dispositions, I think, I’d be wrong. I don’t think you should. I think again it’s a one-off as occasions change. We’ve talked about Chicago forever performing pretty now well for us.
Don Wood: Thanks for the question, Craig. As it relates to occupancy, we are approaching 80% there and the asset clearly has lagged behind, the great resurgent that is happening there in the Grove District, centre district of the Grove with rent on the streets significantly exceeding what’s there in the property. My point of view is that with Chris Weilminster and Michael Comras, our local partner that we are going to be getting after in the next 12 to 18 months, pretty meaningful changes in that tendency, which has lagged and reflects a little bit more of a mix that might serve tourism than really the local community. So we think there is a tremendous opportunity there for us to get after soon.
Don Wood: We expect that yields were coming in the low to mid 5s and we expect that yield to be somewhere between 250 higher than that when we stabilize.
Don Wood: No. We will sell them ourselves with and when I say ourselves, we have a condo seller with us. But we will not effectively pre-sale them to the condo seller.
Don Wood: We would look at opportunities with this partnership. What we believe strongly is that local on the ground presence is critical to success. And particularly, Jim, in a market like this, we’re pleased with the type of opportunities that is the partnership, we’ve been looking at together and I think we’re well positioned to capitalize on that.
Don Wood: Hey Ki. That’s a -- I mean, it’s a great question. And the answer is of course. It doesn’t necessarily mean, basically we view CocoWalk as getting into a community for that growth in particular. That truly is not solely towards mix in Miami. This is -- we look at little bit like the [indiscernible] if you will, of Miami. And accordingly, to the extent, we can do what we hopefully can do at CocoWalk to the extent that we can pick up other properties, we’ll like to be able to do that in around the area to the extent that numbers don’t make sense, we won’t. So there is a -- I don’t want to necessarily think of a particular strip center or particular power center or whatever else but think generally retail and how it is that we can capitalize on the business that we’ll do a couple of help.
Don Wood: This is going to be anecdotal, much more than scientific gear but the real answer to that, it’s just a combination. Certainly, we want to expand the marketplace. Certainly, we do. I mean, when you take a look at Santana over a dozen years now. We absolutely have expanded the marketplace. Have in certain instances, we’ve taken from other centers and other retailers absolutely too. So, it’s a combination. It’s not one versus the other. The products in really all of those cases that we are trying to build, is a community that works for the particular market that we are in. So as you know, Assembly is very different than Santana and both are very different than Pike & Rose and we could go on and on and talk about the others. Each is different but they are aiming for a 25 mile radius around the particular center and producing a product that is just not available there. So it’s a combination of expanding that market and also some privacy.
Don Wood: Mike, it’s a great question. We look at all of our portfolio and really evaluate on a going forward basis what the growth prospects look like, what our hold-IRR is. And as we look at that asset and a brilliant effort by Jeff and the team, decided that this was the right time to sell it. We thought valuations would be strong. Actually, we were pleasantly surprised by where we ended up from a valuation standpoint. And we are pleased that we made the decision to move forward with that.
Don Wood: Basically -- I mean, I was just thinking about this for Pike & Rose. About half of Pike & Rose, about half of that and a bit more than half at Assembly wants to go and then think about Santana there. Think about -- when you see -- I don’t know if you’ve seen yet really what the mixed use portfolio looks like. But the mixed use portfolio also includes big pieces of land that we have shopping centers on, whether it’s Grant Park, Atlanta, whether it’s Pike 7, whether it’s Montrose Crossing. And similarly in the core, when you look at some of the assets in that core, there is a lot to do. So, yeah, I know all of our focus is always on and talk about with respect to Pike & Rose and Assembly. But truly get up a notion higher and you will look and you will see acres and acres of really well located big shopping centers that should be intensified.
Don Wood: Haendel, as Jeff alluded to earlier, each situations, that we look at is itself unique. It does feel like we are seeing some slight building in terms of opportunities, particularly those that are being brokered but in terms of what our targeted list of assets is it just really depends. Too early to tell whether or not this recent volatility is really changing investor decisions as to what to do with these assets that we targeted, but we will see.
Don Wood: The bottomline is and I know you get tired me saying this, but this is all about the balanced business plan. And so when you think about that pace as it includes redevelopment of existing shopping centers all day long, I mean we have pushed -- we push as hard as we can. And frankly, I am hopeful that this breaking out of core and shopping centers in McHugh will actually help that over the next few years, certainly not immediate but over the next year. So again, I am hopeful there. In terms of the big stuff that we do, I mean we are not a -- I never want us to be 25% of this company being developed. So it is that balanced. But by and large, this is a core shopping center company that truly takes advantage of the places that we’re in, which have gotten better and better over the last couple of decades to intensify them. That will continue and I hope it actually go up a little bit in terms of the core portfolio.
Don Wood: I can’t. No, as we think about what’s happening in this particular market, North Bethesda what led us to go with the condo product has actually been a lot of unsolicited demand. So we feel pretty confident based on the basis that we are coming in and where we see the current sales prices for condos in this particular region that we have significant upside. And certainly based on early indications, we will have significant demand.
Don Wood: Yes. Pike 7 blows me away. When you’re sitting, you think about a kind of a community center with a parking lot in front of it. One story of REIT -- story of retail, you would never think that -- you would think about stuff to coming up at least. Well, it’s the opposite. With that’s happening inside them, with all of that congestion titles with the silver line with all of that done, that center has done remarkably well. Sales were off a few percent and that center during all that construction, they are well back above where they were before. It’s stronger than ever. And when you think about it, it’s one of the few shopping centers that produce such an easy to park in front and walk in a market that is totally under construction right now. So silver line is definitely a positive thing for that piece of land, certainly it may be intensify as we go forward, as the leases come up over the next five years or something like that. But in the meantime, we are doing really well there.
Don Wood: I can’t. Pike & Rose remember what we did, it’s different than Assembly. Assembly what we did primarily is built out the street and not only primarily almost totally built out the street, put in our big boxes and Avalon does the residential, but the street was key. At Pike & Rose that was a different strategy, because there was an existing shopping center on the site, [made by Plaza] [ph], which was doing extremely well even up till the time we knock it down. That project was basically a residential project in the first phase. So there isn’t critical mass of the retail, which is why we did in that first phase, feels like eye-tech, which is killing it, as you know. Sport & Health, which is a local -- regional health club operator that is really well know and strong. That’s why we do restaurants like a Del Frisco's Grille, like a Summer House, doing very well. And with respect to the retail, that’s why we went with National like GAP and City Sports there to kind of round it out. Those guys are doing fine, not nearly as good as they will do with the second phase opened up, which is why we are working so hard to construct that second phase. Now then that will have created the street that feels very much like Assembly.
Jim Taylor: That’s so funny because you remember, she had the whole thing. It was clearly too much, right. She had mixed-use and the core, clearly too much particularly, when we’re bringing things like Assembly and Pike & Rose to fruition. So from her perspective, I don’t think, of course. She is welcome to speak for her. This is far more manageable for her. And on the core side, I mean if you just think about it, Jeff, really as this stuff comes together, it clearly is hard to give each business the attention that each business needs when you’re delivering large project like this. So having her work closely with Bridge, with Weilminster, with two deals that the team effectively, that is bringing mixed-use out, makes all the sense in the world to us and I think, you’ll see it when you see the core team that we’re putting together too.
Jim Taylor: We are following NAREIT’s definition of FFO. Our guidance really is intended to exclude the debt repayments, really Jeff -- or excuse me, Alex, to avoid confusion.
Jim Taylor: The expected total acquisitions cost Q1 and Q2 for CocoWalk will be about a penny. And the cap rate on Houston Street was in the high 5s.
Jim Taylor: Well. We’ve significantly turned down our existing maturities. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our weighted average churn now is over 10 years. And really the way we look at it is on an NAV or NTB basis in terms of how far would rate past the move for us to break even for paying it today. And as we looked at the decision to refi given where rates where we saw about a 30 to 40 basis point moved paying for it on a breakeven basis. And since we’ve done it, we’re already effectively in the money. So that’s how we think about that.
Jim Taylor: Well, we have the opportunity to prepay those a few months early which we will do. And then as always, we will opportunistically look to the market the best way to turn that out, most likely with the longer-term debt offering but stay tune there.
Jim Taylor: Partners is doing it themselves, they’ve effectively bought the land from us, that’s how we get paid. In addition, we are buying back the ground floor to draw our own development plan.
Jim Taylor: Jim, I don’t want to talk yet a bit specifically about plans by floor. But let me give you a little bit of perspective. It sounds like the assets well. And in fact you’re right, the upper levels have struggled as does second, third floor retail in many instances. We do have Cinepolis now as the theater operator who will be bringing in more of an upscale movie experience there on the third floor, anchoring it and they’re going to putting significant capital and what they have there from theater and experience perspective. We also will be bringing into those levels more destination type tenants think Health Plus business, things like that. For the balance, we believe that the office market there is pretty robust and provide some opportunity and we think there is an opportunity for other more destination type tenants. And again overall, we think the merchandising in performance to that asset significantly lag what’s happening in the streets around it. That’s really the asset has been in the last 10 years by an out of state owner operator and it’s the need of some remerchandising and repositioning which we’re excited to get after.
Jim Taylor: We’re paying market-based fees for the ongoing operation of the asset. We have in our local partner, Gras River Property, a group with operating expertise, which is actually located on the next block away from the property. Obviously, our team will be working with them to make sure the properties are operated well. And from a leasing perspective, we’ll be working with Michael Comras and of course, our own team to make sure we’re getting the right tenancy and merchandising mix in there.
Jim Taylor: Mike, it’s a right time as Jimmy said and also we wanted the assets to be in the best shape it could be prepared for sale. So when you look at the leasing that was done there. The West Coast team has run that and really put it in shape to be more marketable than it’s been. We’ve known for a very long time that we were not going to make San Antonio, Texas a hub of Federal’s acquisition activities. So it really was about getting the asset in the right position. We did some developments there with a new Walgreens a couple years back and just made it more marketable, when you combined that with the current economic environment now is the time.
Jim Taylor: But Vineet, that wasn’t your question, I mean we couldn’t be more optimistic about 104 units, the condo units at Pike & Rose. With respect to the entire Metro DC market, as you’re asking about in terms of for sale product, now there is really not much more we are going to add to that.
