DonWood: Well, I'm not sure, Craig. We can go back and look at it. I would expect that to be commensurate either way, but I have to go back and look at it. I'll tell you, the new deals on the small shop side have been spectacular. And so that's going to be a good -- that's going to be a big number. I just don't know if it's bigger or smaller than the anchors.
DonWood: It's a good question, Mike. Look, we run through COVID with higher levels of cash. I think we're still above kind of the stabilized level of cash that we expect to need and expect to run with. I think over time, we'll run that down. And my expectation is that maybe it's $100 million, maybe $150 million of cash on hand, versus kind of what we used to run, which was kind of more in the $25 million plus/minus.
DonWood: Or $0.08, sorry. I misspoke. $0.08 worth of onetimers in the quarter, and we had forecasted something obviously lower than that. We did expect the -- obviously, the Splunk term fee of the straight line, and we did expect the repayment of our [Indiscernible], but we were surprised by a lot of other activity that came through in the quarter that we don't expect to recur going forward.
DonWood: I love the question, Katy. I'm not sure if you've been in our senior executive meetings over the past few weeks, if you're spying because those conversations are front and center. And look, the -- it depends, right?  When you look at a place like Pike & Rose, for example, this is a property that we're really, really happy with the office leasing. That's been done in the first building and the building we're standing in, in 909 Rows. Could there be enough demand here to effectively start another building in time? It's possible. So we're talking about that, looking at that. Could we find a big enough tenant that anchor it? I don't know, all that stuff is the kind of thought process that we go through in each of these big projects. Do we want to start a brand-new ground-up in the next year? I said no, we don't. We frankly have plenty to do on the existing ones that we have. And when you look at the acquisition trade-off, if you will, versus development, I think there was a window. And I think we jumped through that window during COVID, where that difference was really attractive and pointed you toward acquisitions. That's changed a little bit now. It's still early in the recovery. So we'll have to see how that plays out. But with us, it's not about turning 1 [stick] on and the other one off, it's about adjusting based on what it is that we find. So I hope that's helpful in terms of where we'll be going forward. And obviously, any time we have a deal to announce, we'll certainly announce it on either the acquisition or the development side.
DonWood: Sure, Steve. I'll take the first piece and Dan, if you can take the numbers on the second grade. But the -- when you see all the leasing that we've done, and it goes back a little bit to Craig's point, a lot of it has been small shop. And the small shop stuff tends to happen quicker effectively than the anchors. So that stuff should be starting to help us later in 2021 and a lot 2022. The anchors have a longer tail. And so there, you should see more benefit coming in '22 and even a few as far out as '23 there. But they are more focused towards -- or more weighted toward those small shop deals that do go faster. Now look, the difference between, obviously, new deals versus renewals, renewals are there right now and keep that income stream going. The new stuff that's coming in is in a lot of places, too, part and parcel of kind of our property improvement plans and our redevelopment plans. So as a result, you'll really see a really upgraded portfolio over the next few years as a result of this.
DonWood: I don't know what to tell you about that, Steve. It's certainly something that we've talked about a lot. I would hope for it to be there in '23. But let me throw something else out at you that maybe is a little bit thought provoking. If you took our portfolio today, and you said, all right, historically, this company has certainly been a 95% leased portfolio, and you took all of the capital that we've spent in development projects to date, the acquisitions that have been made et cetera, and other capital that's not yet producing income, and you simply said, "All right. Finish up. Let's get this thing leased back up to 95%, whenever that happens. Let's do all that development with tenants full." We'd be over $7 a share. So this really comes down to a notion of we're not sitting here trying to focus on getting back to 2019 levels. We're sitting here saying, look, we're putting money out in places we think that are smart. We've certainly been hit by COVID, obviously, delayed in terms of -- and certainly in the markets and the asset types that we have all the way through even more so. But getting back to something that was just okay back in 2019 hardly seems like it should be the goal. So I don't know when we get to what I just said, but that's where we are aiming, man, and we're trying hard.
DonWood: How in the world, my friend, could I possibly answer you the same way I did last time when I have to sit here and say, from last time, Alex was right. I mean that's hard for me to do well. Hard for me --
DonWood: Well, now you're getting greedy, Alex, okay? So I said it one time. And do I believe what we were doing was sandbagging? I do not believe that. I believe what we were doing is assessing the situation as best we could at that time. And I believe that things have could have gotten better a whole lot faster in our markets. But at the end of the day, Alex, you are right, dude. And let's do it again. And you didn't use dude back on me, which I thought you should have in that particular spot, but nonetheless. So with respect to where we are now, I'm going to say the same thing to you. We've done the best we can to kind of lay out where we are, lay out the probabilities of hitting our numbers. I don't know what Delta does. I don't know what the situation -- where the situation goes in the country, the way we are -- the way we move things through. But I do know when you sit and you look at our forecasting and what it is that we see happening, we are clearly improving faster than we thought we were before. Will that happen again? I don't know. Maybe I got to get you in here to do the forecasting for the company. But that's -- I don't have a good answer beyond that for you.
DonWood: Yes. The new demand is very broad-based. It's all of the things that you said and more. And frankly, Wendy kind of touched it when she was talking about some of these tenants who are well-capitalized tenants that are not -- they're not volume guys. They're not trying to do 250, 300 stores, 500 stores et cetera. They are selectively picking locations to have brick-and-mortar outfits that supplement their online businesses et cetera. We're getting our fair -- more than our fair share of those type of tenants. That's a real positive thing. They're new to market in a lot of cases. They're effective. They're newly capitalized in a lot of cases. One of the things that is most important here to think through is that obviously, COVID cleaned out weaker tenants, and they did that earlier. That's the April and May and June and July of 2020. And you know that list by heart.  The notion though of what happened over the next year and who you want to have in your centers, particularly if you're spending $10 million and $12 million and $8 million on a center for a property improvement plan, you want new blood in the retails because you can't just have a nice place to sit outside the same old tenants that were pre-COVID and average or are average now because of their sales. So you're seeing -- we've said it from the beginning that the demand is broad-based and the demand is largely tenants trying to improve the real estate locations that they're in. Why? Because they're trying to improve the sales. That it is that they do, which is why they can pay the rents that we charge. It's all about that relationship.
DonWood: For the most part, I think it's just the range of a lot of the things that we talked about in the numbers, whether it be continued upward surge in collections, how much additional prior period rent we are assuming that rent trails off from, it was -- yes, we've had pretty steady prior period rent collection of $7 million, $8 million and $7 million over the last 3 quarters. We expect it to trail off to -- in the second half of the year to about $3 million and $2 million, respectively. There could be some upside there from that perspective. We are likely to increase. We are successful with acquisition, we'll bump guidance slightly from that perspective. But it's all the reason -- all the outperformance we had, we're expecting term fees. We had $3.4 million net in the quarter versus $1.8 million net last year. We're now expecting -- we're expecting maybe $1 million this quarter. That's an area of some upside. To the extent we're higher than that, that's up towards the upper end of the range. So that's some of the pieces that get us from the top and the bottom.
DonWood: Well, no, Michael, all I was going to say and may I add to this, like what you're basically seeing is a faster recovery. So all of the things that were assumed are simply happening faster. And so when you look at kind of what we had put out in '22 initially, obviously, there was a run rate from '21 that rolled into '22, to the extent that run rate is better in '21. It inures or some of it accrues to '22 also. And that's basically all it is. We stay with the methodology that we use in our multiple year forecast. And we make that consistent each quarter that we update those assumptions. That single biggest change is what I'm saying, and that is simply a faster recovery than most here.
Donald Wood: I guess what I'd say to you is a couple of things. First of all, we're a relatively small company. And so in any particular quarter, there's always going to be a rather significant variation. I laughed a little bit when you said there was a decrease in the second quarter to first quarter. I think one was 9 and one was 8. To me, that's exactly the same, just so you know. In terms of the -- and in both of those quarters, there were still deals, obviously, that were rolled down. There were other deals that were rolled up in a more significant way. That's basically what happens in most quarters. There is a mixture of those 2 things. The probability that it will stay in those single-digit numbers is highest. That's where we're most comfortable effectively in kind of running -- pushing rents and seeing what we can do in any 1 period. And again, that definitely, definitely depends on the mix of any particular quarter, which you don't get in a bigger company. If you've got a much bigger company with more of a commodity product to kind of do the same type of deals over and over again, that's a great thing for consistency. But we are trying to bring in more value here.
Donald Wood: With regards to funding, as we always are, we're very balanced and opportunistic in how we'll look at it. And to the extent that the investment sales market offers us an opportunity to sell some assets at really attractive pricing. We'll take advantage of it, and we'll let you know when we do it.
Donald Wood: Yes, Derek, let me go through at least what I think is happening. And Wendy, please feel free to add or anybody that wants that. I mean, look, there is -- if you're just be a retailer for a minute, be a restaurant for a minute and have gone through what just happened in this country over the last 18 months. And frankly, what was happening, the pressures that were on you for the 3 and 4, 5 years before that. And so here you are now, in many cases, recapitalize, in many cases, with a different level of competition than you had before. And you're in a position where you can reset. And effectively, that's what's happening. If you've got the chance -- I mean, I think it’d tell you, man, if you sit on Rockville Pike in 1 of the 4 or 5 shopping centers that all aim for different parts of the consumer on Rockville Pipe that we own, there have been tenants that have been trying to get on the Pike for years and years in the right type of centers. We've been over 95% leased for a Rockville Pipe for much, if not all, of that time, except for the last 15 months. There is an opportunity that has not been here.  So there's an opportunity to improve your real estate in a very, very well-located, first-tier suburb of major cities, and you've got a landlord who is openly and anxiously improving those shopping centers for a post-COVID environment, why would you not choose to go there? Where would you choose to go instead? Because at the end of the day, it's not about the rent. It's about the profit there. And effectively, higher sales, better margins, a more affluent customer in better real estate with a landlord that's investing side-by-side with you, seems to -- and you're in there with a new balance sheet, seems to be a pretty smart choice for a lot of tenants, including and especially those small shop tenants that Craig Schmidt was referring to before and that Wendy went through in detail. So I hope that's helpful. That's what we see happening in the markets that we're in, at the properties that we're in. That's why the investment in the properties, to be post-COVID investments are so important to a retailer. They've got to be partners with their landlord.
Donald Wood: 8.4 years, which is about a year more than you kind of used to see from us. And I think what you're trying to -- what they're trying to do is plant flags that effectively get them to the next decade. Now certainly, as a portfolio goes from 89% leased to 92% to 94%, et cetera, it gets harder and harder and harder to be able to do that. So in some respects, it's -- in a lot of respects, it's constrained by the supply that's available to them. And that's kind of why when everything is great in the industry and everything else, a rising tide lifts all boats because you got to find the best spot. But that's also especially at a time like this, when those tenants are trying to take advantage of an opportunity that they have not had for years. So that's kind of what I'm seeing. I don't know, Wendy, if you want to add anything to that or...
Donald Wood: Yes. Look, Chris, but that is what happens to it. I mean this stuff takes time. I mean, I was thinking before when somebody asked the question, the difference between the high and the low end of the guidance. One of the things that we didn't say once, are we going to be able to get with all this leasing? Are tenants open faster than assumed or slower than assumed? And that's not totally in our control. As cities with permits, there's retailers that have different plans of their timetable, et cetera. So the lag in our business, obviously, between signing a lease -- or signing a lease is not the end of the process, getting that rent started is the end of the process. And that is a complex thing to do. In a lot of ways, it takes some time. So that's part of what you're hearing from those tenants also is the lead time to be able to lock up space for a true post-COVID environment.
Donald Wood: That distortion was driven by the acquisitions. Obviously, we acquired $325 million or $400 million worth of assets that had 1.75 million square feet. Obviously, that's going to skew some of the data there.
Donald Wood: Greg, first of all, I love that you're looking at that stuff and seeing what's going on around here. What we're doing is trying to make sure that we uncover -- we're real estate guys. So we're trying to uncover the highest and best use for the real estate that's here at Pike & Rose and certainly up at Assembly Row and other places. And certainly, when you look at life sciences and you think about Montgomery County, Maryland, it's an important business that's here, that with a little bit of luck expands, and by the way, expands to places where the tenants value the amenity base that other office type tenants value in these locations. And the same applies to Assembly Row. Now at Pike & Rose, are we anywhere near being able to answer your specific questions in terms of the economics on it, whether it's viable, does it make any sense? No, we're not. We're in that early exploratory phase, but we're in the early exploratory phase because we believe there are assumptions potentially there. I've got nothing more to say about that at this point other than the entitlements in this -- on this 27 acres could certainly be used for that use and similarly at Assembly Row. So an Assembly Row could be closer because that business is -- that business, in terms of Boston and Cambridge and Somerville, is even closer to fruition than it is here. But in neither case, am I really ready to talk to you about the economics because we're not sure what we got yet.
Donald Wood: No. I don't -- I wouldn't do it necessarily, but I can't really do it between power centers or grocery-anchored centers or regional centers because it really does, it does depend on the geography. There is no question that even in the second quarter, we were operating in markets which were still -- I wouldn't say locked down like they were in January and February, but only coming back and coming up and building in terms of their resurgence. But that -- it was so strong in all of them, that, that we had to -- we just feel really good about talking about it. The only thing I would say is during that period of time, this second quarter, weather had a lot to do with it. So Boston felt like it was a few weeks behind New York, which felt like it was a few weeks behind Washington, D.C., et cetera. That's the -- as that weather changed and as those restrictions came off, holy cap, was there pent-up demand. And that has -- that's continued. It's interesting. We're talking a little bit -- I'm going off on a little bit of tangent, but you gave me an opportunity, so I'll do it. When you think about the Delta variant itself and what's going to happen with respect to it. Obviously, we don't know. But we do know a few things. The open-air format is fantastic. And in the markets where we're at, which has been a big disadvantage as they all closed down in 2020, these are markets where the vaccine rates are among the highest in the country. They are also the markets, and this is important, where mask wearing is accepted. There's not a stigma to it otherwise. So the notion, like we see a lot of people wearing masks at our shopping centers and our properties, but they're shopping just fine because they're comfortable with that. So I don't know how it's going to play out, but I do like the fact that really in these markets, both East and West Coast, that the vaccine rates are among the highest in the country because I think that's an important thing for the long term of this mess we're in.
Donald Wood: Yes. There's certainly some. But as Wendy has said a couple of times here, the pipeline is full. We've got a bunch of deals to do yet. Will it be as robust as that second quarter or the first quarter? I doubt it. I mean it's hard to maintain that level of activity, plus I think half the people with Twist, they've been working on their asses off. But nonetheless, the ability to see elevated levels based on historical levels for the foreseeable future is real.
Donald Wood: Yes, of course, Floris. I mean at the end of the day, this is a 95% lease portfolio, and as I said earlier, with the development filled and the capital that we've spent fully performing, I don't know when that would be, you're talking about over $7 a share in earnings for the place. So yes, you bet you. Now ask me the day we get to 95% occupancy. I'm not sure I can give it to you, or when we're fully leased up on the development that's happening obviously. But yes, your model makes sense as to the way you're looking at it.
Donald Wood: So you know the answer, what it's going to be for me. This is a balanced plan and the ability to effectively raise a little bit of capital in most markets along the way is something that doesn't surprise investors. It keeps everybody, it matches beautifully the money that's spent out. The idea of letting leverage get way up because there may be that day that you can do it and then you do a big overnight, that's not our model. And so we need those investors, and I think we have them we need more of them who basically appreciate that steady, balanced approach toward equity raising, debt raising, dividend payment, what you get when you get the high-quality assets.
Donald Wood: Linda, you've got people moving papers around all over the place around here. Just give us a second. Beyond -- what we have outstanding, roughly half of that should be paid back by the end of the year. And beyond that, it's another chunk in '22, with the balance -- with the balance in '23 and in '24. So you're probably looking about a half in the balance of the year, a quarter in '22 and then the balance beyond that.
Donald Wood: I don't know. The -- when you look at retail real estate, the big investors that we talk to are very interested, obviously, in the cash flow prospects of that particular asset, the particular real estate. When you look at lifestyle, I think what has become very clear during this -- during these last 6 or 8 months is that those type of assets -- and I don't know what we really mean by lifestyle in my mind that we are talking about largely our mixed-use properties and larger assets set that also include a residential or office component associated with it. I know that demand that we're seeing from tenants and therefore, the understanding of that from investors is very strong. The notion that -- the notion that we all know that grocery-anchored centers are very popular right now to effectively look at based on how they worked out through COVID. But in terms of when you sit and you say, where is your growth over the next 5 years or 6 years or 7 years, I know how we feel, and I believe the investors in this company appreciate the higher growth potential of those types of centers.
Donald Wood: Boy, Michael, that's a great question. And I wish I had more than anecdotal evidence by it, but let me give you the anecdotal stuff that I see. I mean it kind of ties back to what I was saying before in terms of retailers making longer-term investments. They're trying to set themselves up for the next decade post COVID, and they want to be with landlords who are with them. And what that means with them is care about who they're merchandising next to care about whether they're investing in the properties to effectively attract customers with a place-making perspective, a curbside pickup. And I mean curbside pickup, I cannot tell you how many tenants ask about it. Whether they use it or not, that's another question. But it's a critical thing to figure out whether the landlord is in it with them in trying to make them successful as businesses. If you're a private company that is undercapitalized, and I've got to make that distinction because the well-capitalized private company, and there's a bunch of them that you and I know that are not disadvantaged at all, and then darn good at what they do. But if you are a private company who is undercapitalized and trying to kind of milk the cash flow from the existing shopping center, I think you're in a serious disadvantage post COVID. And so that -- depending upon the marketplace, who's in the marketplace, who's willing to invest or not. I do think that is a sustainable trend that will widen the gap, if you will, between better real estate and less invested real estate.
Donald Wood: I don't have an opinion on that. Do either of you, guys? Because they -- when they're signing leases, it is for a move generally. It's not to milk the old store that they had in the market and add another one. So it is -- now I will say that we'll try to incentivize them to leave early and effectively use this period of time to create an economic deal that makes sense for them to leave earlier or something, but it's not -- no, I don't -- I don't see it being extra deals, if you will, that are going to wind up with closeouts in the old places down the road in any significant way, at least I don't see it that way. I don't know, Wendy's shaking her head.
Donald Wood: Yes. Now historically, Publix was a good example of a company in Florida that would do that. Publix would leave a store, go dark in a store and open 1 -- open 1 across the street, if it was better it was better real estate, better landlord, et cetera. So I mean, there's always exception, I guess. There's always one-offs, but I do not see that or we don't see that as a trend.
Donald Wood: I don't think so. I mean, there is no question that is a current issue, especially when you're talking about the service businesses and the restaurants and other service businesses like that. But in terms of not doing deals because of that, no, I don't see that today. I don't see that actually happening now. Ask me that again every quarter and figure out what's going on with that labor situation because I do think that has to give a little bit. And I think it will just, by the natural -- in the natural course as we go. But no, not that you’ll see it today.
Donald Wood: Yes. Well, the costs always do and what we do. And on the big 3, what we want to make sure we do as best we can because these are planned for 15 years in 20 years in terms of their execution on those things, just to have a good mix of both retail, which brings people to the asset; residential, which we do love to do in terms of that night and weekend traffic; and a component of office, which adds that daytime. So we still want to be able to do all of those on our big projects. We're working those numbers all the time. Construction costs seem to have stabilized a little bit at this at this point in time. I think that's a general good sign.  We do need to get comfortable with where rents are and whether we're able to make some money. I think I said earlier in the remarks that there are a number of opportunities potentially at Pike & Rose or Assembly that we see now. I can't wait to be telling you that there's other opportunities at Santana Row once we get that big building lease, which I would love to be able to tell you but I'm not ready to do that yet. And the existing projects that are still being built like Darien and income yet to start like CocoWalk in full measure, we'll also provide -- be providing growth over the next couple of years.
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes, sure. I mean, we are -- and I think we've talked about this in prior quarters and in NAREIT. We are looking at some new and different markets to expand, I think, as we put it, the number of ponds that we can fish in. And you saw us go into Phoenix, and we're looking at other markets as well right now. We don't really have anything to talk about. When we do, we will. I think Don said earlier, we're really happy we got the deals done, that we did get done when we got them done. The market has tightened up quite a bit. So as always, we'll be careful and conservative and hopefully get some deals done. Every time we do a deal, we do a deal on a cash basis that always causes us to look at the existing portfolio and think about disposing of an asset or 2 that maybe doesn't keep up with the rest of the portfolio in terms of its property level NOI growth. And when we have cash acquisitions to -- that will allow us to do that and make those dispositions on a tax neutral basis, we will, but really not a lot to talk about in that regard right now.
Jeffrey Berkes: Well, to answer the last part of your question directly, the potential tenant that we were close with pre-pandemic, no, they have not materialized, and we don't expect them to now that we're starting to come out of the pandemic. Activity out here in Silicon Valley, the office leasing perspective has definitely picked up in the last 60, 90, 120 days. Tours have started again. You probably all heard about the deal that Apple did a few weeks ago for 700,000 square feet, which is a great sign for the market. There are several other large users that have requirements and are conducting tours, including tours of One Santana West in coming days and weeks. We don't have anything to talk about. And again, we won't until we will. But I can tell you that activities picked up quite a bit. What's great and what we're really happy about as it relates to One Santana West is there's very, very little supply in Silicon Valley right now, and particularly new supply that's amenitized. So that makes us feel good about our prospects for getting the building ways. There's not a lot that we're competing against right now.
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes, to answer kind of the second part of your question, Michael. If you look at the acquisitions we got done in the second quarter, one of the common threads across those deals was the owner, for whatever reason, was unwilling or unable to invest capital in the property going forward. And those are perfect, well-located shopping centers where that's the owner's mentality. Those are perfect acquisitions for us. We like those because we will come in and put in the capital in a great location and show virtually immediate results, and leasing are very strong results in the short term in leasing. So yes, to the extent the pandemic causes more of that to happen, that will put more properties on our radar screen, for sure.
Wendy Seher: The only thing, Don, I would add to that is that as -- you summed that up so well in terms of how the retailers are thinking. And now think on the flip side of how we're thinking, it gives us the equal opportunity to strengthen our assets and more merchandising with forward thinking of who is well capitalized, who's relevant, who's going to meet that post-COVID world and what -- how should we make our investments in our properties. So it's really a benefit to both sides.
Wendy Seher: I think the only thing I can add is when I -- I don't know how long you're thinking. But when I look at the pipeline, it is still very robust. So I don't see that we've done a lot first and second quarter and when we're just -- it's robust. So right now, it's -- I'm confident.
Wendy Seher: I agree. I agree. It's more strategic. It's more timing, but I don't see tenants just leaving their other stores and having 2 years left on their lease. It's just -- it needs to match up most of the time with the quality of tenants that we're dealing with. I mean...
