Dan Guglielmone: No. No. I think -- by the way. Good morning. Yeah. We – the re – additional redevelopments really didn't come into, it was really just taking a more conservative posture as we look at some of the news that has come out since late October 3.5 months ago. Really that's – that was the primary driver.
Dan Guglielmone: You know that will always be part of our plan, Christy. So, first of all, let's start with the balance sheet that you're looking at which adds over $120 million of cash on it. So, starting out with a balance sheet that, as you know, is about as strong as can be, including a completely unutilized billion-dollar credit line. So, that's not a bad start. On top of that, there's no doubt we will continue to recycle the portfolio that you should still assume and I can’t – I'd love to say $150 million or $200 million of dispositions, but the reality is that's very opportunistic and it depends. We just did $300 million last year. We did much less than that the year before. I don't know exactly where that will be is 2020, but it's part of the program, it's part of the capitalization if you will of the company, and we're comfortable in doing that because of the uses of capital that we have to reinvest. So, between the existing balance sheet capability along with asset sales, along with cash flow generated by the business, we're more than covered I think as kind of we've shown you in the past 10 years.
Dan Guglielmone: Okay. Well, maybe I'll start with the term fee question. $14 million is significantly in excess of our 20-year average which typically is about $5 million per year, per annum, and over the last 10 years, it's been about $6 million per annum. Maybe a better way to look at it because we've grown over time is it's roughly 80, 90 basis points of total revenues. So that creates a bookend of maybe $5 million to $8 million of term fees which is kind of what we have currently in the range. We don't expect to get back to the $14 million level. I wouldn't say necessarily it's backend weighted. We'll probably have a little bit of a tougher headwind in the first quarter from term fees because we had such a big one in the first quarter of 2019…
Dan Guglielmone: There will be some things moving around. I mean, I think that we're – but there won't be materially kind of moving things. We are going to move the residential assembly at Assembly Row into the pool. We're going to be moving phase one of Pike & Rose roads as well as the residential and phase two into the comparable pool, and we'll probably also be moving Towson Residential. But all of those have stabilized. And so, there won't be a material boost that you'll see from those entering the pool. They've stabilized in kind of one year seasoning we do as part of that methodology for comparable. But you won't see a big boost there.
Dan Guglielmone: Samir, you don't want me to give you the LOIs that we’ve got, right? I mean at the end of the day, the – our pipeline for acquisitions does change all the time. There is no question that we were heavily focused on the New York Metropolitan Area in 2019 and that will stay. So, we will continue to try to increase our holdings in those in those markets where we've just entered. But that doesn't mean that that – and by the way, the same thing for the Northern Virginia market. That doesn't mean something else won't pop up. One of the things that we are noticing right now are clearly more sellers who are who are looking to get out for all the reasons you would assume. The trick for us is making sure that we're picking up assets that we believe in the long term for. That could even be a box center in the appropriate place – in a place or two, but it's it really depends on the metrics. So there isn't anything that is imminent at this point but you should see us active, if you will, throughout 2020 particularly in the areas that we targeted for future growth.
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah I don't know how to say too much more than I did on the first question, Nick. Weather – I don't know the number is $150 million or $200 million or what it should be. I will tell you we've identified assets that we would like to dispose of because we have things to spend that capital on. But in the preparation for the – those packages and figuring out what the market – what makes sense in the marketplace, we do that very opportunistically. And so there is not a budgeted number, if you will, that you can just put in the model of how much dispositions we would have. You should assume that anywhere from 0 to $200 million or $250 million dollars is what we have historically done and will approach it the same way in 2020 as we have over that period of time.
Dan Guglielmone: So, Derek, let me just start something and then I’ll ask Wendy to jump in there after that. But, we’re going urban, I mean we build around the density and the population centers. So, I don't think there’s any change in Brooklyn, New York then there is of – or Bethesda, Maryland or Santa Monica, California or Fairfax County, Virginia. That is what we are, we’re those close in suburbs, if you will, of major CBDs. And so, I think, frankly, a grocery-anchored shopping center with the density that Brooklyn has at the price that we got at that was hard to pass up, to tell you the truth. And, obviously, we underwrote the weakness in Fairway as the – as part of that underwriting process, didn't know and still don't know, the timing, in particular, of what we can do there. But we know that demand for grocery there is ridiculously strong. And so, you should assume that that will be a grocery-anchored shopping center in the middle of a very densely populated area, with rate upside based on how it was previously managed and run compared with how we will prospectively run that shopping center. So, you shouldn't expect it to be torn down and something else happening there. You should expect that they are really in my view, hopefully better run, higher rent, better acre park, open parking lot in the middle of Brooklyn.
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. Well, a little bit of both, Craig. I think it's a great question. The result is – the reality is the construction costs are high, and they are significantly higher than they were a couple of years ago as we started these other projects. So there are steps that certainly part of it. Call it, I don't know whether it's half of the difference or whatever else. The other half is certainly mix, certainly mix. And you can see that Darien has a disproportionate piece in that. That's a complete redevelopment of a shopping center. And one of the reasons we're willing to do at Darien or something like that at an incremental 6% is because of the nature of the project and where we believe the future in that asset goes. This is the same as putting a pad out on a – out in front of a shopping center where the new income is the new income, and that’s where it will be for 10 years. At something like Darien with a big residential component, too, you should say, Darien too, and we’ll do Darien at 6% because of the incremental rent increases we expect to get, not on the residential side but in terms of the lifestyle part of the center as it gains traction. So you’ve got a big mix component in that but also, as I’ve said, construction costs are up.
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. Jeremy, you understand it well and you’ve kind of laid it out really well there. There's a lot – there's clearly uncertainty in our business. I’d love what we’re doing in terms of what we’re – what the capital that we’re putting to work, its contribution as you said will be later in 2021. The big question and answer to your question is how many holds are there at the bottom of the bucket. And that’s what is for anybody in this space – in retail space the big unknown. And so, it does make us – it does make it harder to predict. It does make it harder to say, okay, growth will go back to this number on May 6, 2022 or something like that. But all we think we should be able – should be doing is looking toward making sure this stuff, all of this portfolio is extremely relevant and as good as it's ever been and better as we go through the 2020s. And so balancing it to keep that growth – to keep growth in place but not knowing when we're able to really accelerate to another level is just the facts today and I would tell you it’s the facts with everybody no matter what they tell you. The difference is we got $1 billion of incremental capital that will create that incremental growth going forward. But what’s the negative coming out of the bottom end of the bucket definitely unknown.
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. Our guidance reflects a projection of what lost revenue we should achieve or what we’ll be hit with in 2020. So that’s reflected in our guidance. If we deviate and it gets more negative then that’s covered in the reserve. But kind of an expectation of how things will play out with regards to those recently announced retail failures is reflected in the guidance and then a reserve on top of that if it’s worse than we project.
Dan Guglielmone: I guess, Alex, the best way for me to say is we are real estate people. And the best thing that we can do with real estate is huge retail to be able to get people to come to that piece of property that we have. So, there is always a how do we get people to come to our real estate as the primary driver. Now, what can we do with it? Absolutely involves other real estate uses. I think we've proven that. I think what you've seen in the past number of years for us is actually just the natural evolution of mixed use properties where you create that retail environment and then add residential or office or hotel or incremental uses that play off that retail. That will continue. And so when you when you -- it doesn't mean we won't do a pure retail play like and answer to the previous question, we did in Brooklyn when we have our bread and butter and we know how to create value from increasing rents in a not tense environment. But when you have other uses that include Hoboken which has a large residential component to it or as you see what it is that we're doing obviously Friend Center or Darien or CocoWalk, we're going take – we're going to look at it with a broader view I think, than other folks in the shopping center world. And we don't do that for just one or two projects. We do that with every possible piece of real estate that we own or are looking at, but it's certainly back for a long time with us.
Dan Guglielmone: Let me say one thing to you there, Alex. It's important that we don't do this for cycles. We don't invest to time cycles. This is – there will be a time when office is no good and retail is back better, and we are building long-term sustainable real estate destinations. And so, no, we don't move along with – you're not going to see us buying industrial properties because it's hot right now, for example. And I just always want to make sure we are a long-term focused company and we act that way.
Dan Guglielmone: Well, that's a good question, and I would – I'm putting a percentage on this not for exactness, but to be illustrative. I would say 75% or 80% of the deal, so we need kind of have a real good idea as to what's going on and why logically a tenant would close the store or to renegotiate a store or do whatever obviously. But there is, to your point here, 8 percentage, 20%, some percentage, if you will, of decisions that are being made today that are not as obvious as they used to be and some of that is because there are broader market decisions that are being made, so what good performing stores can be closing too because they don't fit in a business plan of a company going forward. There are other reasons that that sure, they do take us by surprise occasionally. You see it certainly in some of the categories you know like restaurants for example where you can have a decent performing restaurant but because of that ownership structure, we get surprised with a closed door. But, overall, the point here is really to make sure whether surprised or not, we've got backfills and we've got alternatives to be able to fill that. And I don't know how you better mitigate that risk more than with great real estate.
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. Over the course of the year, what’s reflected in our guidance is about $125 million of incremental equity, consistent with what we have done over the years in that range and it would be kind of played out over the year in terms of your models. But we've got the balance sheet that we don't have to use that. We've got other sources that will fill the gap whether it be incremental leverage, leverage neutral, leverage asset sales, cash on hand, free cash flow. We've got a lot of tools in the tool box in addition to kind of the opportunistic equity insurance that we've been fortunate to be able to issue over the years.
Dan Guglielmone: No, there are not, Vince, particularly in any strong located place like that. It wouldn't be – certainly wouldn't be in our lease. And while we didn't write that lease that was before that there is no such impact there. So, just the grocery, just that box. But on the other side of that, can you imagine putting a better grocer in that box and what the impact that would have in terms of traffic to the balance of the – the balance of the space, something that we're counting on.
Don Wood: Yeah, Nick. Well, let me start on that. We've taken a very holistic approach to all of our centers and really trying to take a look at where we believe these things will be more powerful in 2025 and 2026. And that means the notion of place and place making is a much – it's always been an important part of what we do but it's a – it's a more important – it's a bigger focus in terms of what we're creating including the type of co-tenancy that is happening there. Clearly, less clothing, if you will, more experiential type of stuff including health and beauty; including food and different food sources. So, we look at this holistically as a major change in how retail and centers including mixed use Centers serve their communities over the next 10 years. And as you know, our staff is not in the middle of the country generally. It's sitting in the coast and in populated areas with lots of money and lots of people around. And so, we are forward thinking, if you will, in terms of that. And it's not just about backfill and space. So, does this continue? Yeah, I do think it continues because I think this is a major change in how people are going about their lives when it comes to interacting with retail. But we do it on a balanced basis and there's nothing more important than that to us to know that as a public company we can't tell you, well, our earnings are going down but it's going to be great in the future. We need to balance both of those things, current earnings along with the sustainability of great real estate. And that's the needle that we thread.
Don Wood: Yeah. Let me go through those because those are big ones. The Kmart at Assembly we may temporary lease up the space. But the purpose of that was that’s an acquisition to be developed and that will be a continuation of Assembly Row. Now, we've got entitlements to do. That takes couple of years. The timing and the planning is necessary so we'll certainly look for some kind of mitigation, if you will, of the lost Kmart rent. But it's not the driver. The driver is the value that will be created on that 6 acres which is why I still don't understand the accounting that has to go through the P&L, frankly. That is an acquisition all day long. Come up to Darien, we are now under construction. That Stop & Shop is not going away. And so as a result that will be a completely different use on that parcel. And so you won't see income contributed there. We're not trying to backfill the Stop & Shop. We'll knock it down. And so the whole notion there is how to create a whole bunch of value on a piece of land that was obsolete. That shopping center wasn't needed as another grocery and acreage shopping center with that train station. So, look forward to that in the coming years. In terms of Banana, Jeff, I don't know how much you want to say at this point, but we're making some real progress on backfilling that at an incremental rate.
Don Wood: Well, the only thing I would point you to – maybe point you to is financial statements where there is a recorded gain and obviously, inherent in that gain is an estimation of the expenses that are that have to be paid out, so I hope that’s helpful. And you should know that that is by design very conservative.
Don Wood: It's very conservative but it's actually in excess of what we expected. And we had kind of guided folks to kind of net proceeds after those payments of $90 million to $100 million. And net-net, we're closer to $110 million. So – and that’s where the conservative estimate. So, obviously, a good result and better than we had we had hoped.
Don Wood: Well, I mean let's do it – let's do it this way. When you go to page 17 and 18 of our 8-K that does a pretty good job, I think, of laying out capital and laying out the returns. You can get a pretty good idea of what ultimately those projects and new ones coming up are going to contribute. Now, on the timing there's no doubt that that much of the big numbers on those two pages will not be producing income until starting later in 2021 and then forward. They’re big projects. And by the way, that construction does have certainly in the case of Pike & Rose or in Assembly, it does have an impact slight but it's got an impact on the rest of the project because there's more stuff happening with dump trucks and that kind of stuff. So, you should assume later in 2021 is when you're going to – is when the big stuff on pages 17 and 18 starts producing. And as Dan went through, you'll get some of that in 2020 including, by the way, a big one in 700 Santana Row in Splunk, but there's a lot more coming. So, you'll have to back-weigh that. So, we're still growing, Ki Bin, we're still growing.
Don Wood: Absolutely yes. In fact, if you could read our goals and objectives for the company, it is the single biggest thing, not from the first leasing person’s discussion with a tenant to the first dollar of rent that gets recorded in the P&L all along that process, major initiative to reduce that time. And it includes some things that you would assume, like a simpler lease, it assumes some things you might not assume, like how tenant coordination happens and who does the work and how it gets priced out and things like that. It assume some changes in terms of the marketing materials that leasing agents use and how they use them. And all the way through, it is a primary focus of this and I would suspect most companies in this space in 2020.
Don Wood: Yeah. I think we've taken a, kind of, an holistic and – a view of – look, there’s uncertainty in these restructuring processes. And we've taken an estimate of how we anticipate getting potential stores back, what stores will stay in place and so forth and we made that estimate. I don't think that there's a, like a, kind of, a good answer for you in terms of helping you with your – with kind of specificity like Pier 1. I mean I think we're in pretty good shape at Pier 1, where we're, basically, released on one of them. Another one is going to stay because it's one of their top performing stores in the region and the remaining two out of three were trading paper and should have them leased up probably by end of the year. But it's tough to, kind of, go through each one of them and the bankruptcy process is an unpredictable and so we'll see how it plays out.
Don Wood: Lease term income was gross fees of about $3.8 million in the quarter and that was roughly in line with kind of what we had expected.
Don Wood: Well, let me answer that question in two ways. One, not surprised at all with respect to Fairway bankruptcy. Frankly, it was one of the most – one of the most important parts of our due diligence on buying the asset, and if you knew what we did for due diligence, much of our time was spent figuring out how much demand there was for that space and at what rent they would pay. So no, no surprise there at all. In terms of the bigger question, I don't – new grocery is very different than any other category, and this kind of goes back to the two – the beginning part of what we were talking about here. I – we’re not just about filling boxes up. We really are about bringing these retail products to places, shopping centers, and mix of these properties to places that will be the best five years from now. And so, to the extent, more groceries go out, smaller grocers – less well-capitalized grocers, which if they don't have a particular niche, sure. They're under margin pressure all the way through. Completely agree with that. But again, so what to the extent you've got backfill opportunities that are more sustainable to what that shopping center should be in any particular neighborhood or community. And our stuff as you know\ is a lot bigger on average and a lot more regional on average than a traditional grocery anchored shopping center in a lot of markets. It's more than doubled the size on average in GLA, for example, and land. So, it's all about from a landlord’s perspective, options, alternatives and it's hard to imagine there isn't more disruption in the grocery business. Of course, there will be. Just as there will be in every other sector as we move forward. But I think we're well prepared to use that to create better retail destinations.
Don Wood: I would say that kind of back at kind of current levels. We expect kind of a dip over the course of the year and targeting getting back to kind of what our year-end levels were in 2019. But over the course of that, obviously, we'll work our way through kind of that trough…
Don Wood: Sure. I mean, absolutely with – and we don't talk about that enough right. With triple-net leases effectively losing any tenant in that space, somebody’s got to pay those bills. And it’s us. So, there's no doubt that hurts earnings, too. I think the point that's really important understand here though is with reduced occupancy as expected, we are projecting FFO growth. That's pretty, pretty incredible actually. And that speaks to the balance of the project – the balance of the portfolio, I think.
Don Wood: It's actually very much in line with our five-year history and actually where we come out in terms of actual. There's not a material difference but 100 basis points has been pretty consistent at least since I've been here. And the actual results are kind of in line roughly with the – with those reserves.
Don Wood: Yeah. Floris, it's a great question. I mean, obviously, our best population from which to get that information is Santana because we’ve been open as long as we have and I can tell you that the annual CAGR for those residential rents has been about 3.8%, almost 4% over that period of time, not every year during it but strong. Now, come over to Assembly, Assembly is really interesting because it – if you remember, we started out with AvalonBay during the first phases of residential. We then added [indiscernible] which is a big good 500-unit building. And now, we are adding more supply. And even with all that happening, we've seen rental growth that's – and again, it's only a couple of years in excess of 4%. So that's real strong. In terms of Montgomery County, it’s clearly been weaker. Montgomery County and therefore for Pike & Rose on the residential rents side over the past three or four – the first three or four years was essentially flat. We are now in the last 12 to 15 months seeing the first signs of real strength from that perspective. And by the way, not surprisingly, that is very much in line with the strength that we're seeing on traffic counts and sales on the retail piece. So as these communities become more mature, there is no doubt that that ignores to the residential up top. So, very hopeful to see sustainable, call it, 3% at these properties over the long term.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey. Good morning. Just got two questions from our end. First, Dawn, you’ve spoken before that you guys are First, Don, you’ve spoken before that you guys are a retail company, you do office, you do apartments but at your core you're a retail company. That said, office has definitely been a bright spot this cycle. So, as you guys think about where you're going to spend on development pipeline or the assets that you're looking at. Are you having your team focus more on assets or opportunities that could involve more office or your view is look we’re a retail company focused on retail, if it has office, if it has residential great, but retail is our core.
Alexander Goldfarb: I realize that it's just – it's funny this cycle office seems to be the golden child. So, you have the positive yield revision at 1 Santana. So, I don't know if that was leading you to try and push your team more to office. But the second question is…
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is with all the retailer closings that are announced, some are obviously full liquidations but some are retailers parent stores, in general, as I’ve looked at your portfolio and troubled retailers, are you generally pretty good about calling which of your tenants is going to close, or do you feel like some of these retail closings are sort of haphazard, or wouldn't necessarily follow productivity logic that you would otherwise could take meaning? Are you caught offside by some of these closing announcements, or all the ones that have happened pretty much apart from a full liquidation you're pretty much like, yeah, we had a feeling they were going to close this one or that one.
