Donald Wood: Yes. Good morning, Alex, and thanks for asking. Let me put some perspective on this whole thing. First of all, often got two great guys here. And he paid up handsomely to do so, which makes me really happy for my guys and it certainly shows as that, I guess, mixed-use is the magic elixir these days in terms of ways to move forward. But let’s step back for a minute to your question, right? Our company’s goal is not to imprison the team for a lifetime, so that nothing changes and keep them inside the place. It’s rather, as you say, to create a team atmosphere, great team atmosphere, grow careers, learn from mistakes and build the deep bench of talent, who will get their own opportunities as time passes and changes are warranted. Both Chris and Don love Federal, and we love them. And it shows in even the ways this was done. Both of them are committed to be here through the end of the year. Now, I don’t think it will take that long for the transition. But the fact that Chris is working down in Florida with Don also to an extent there. It just shows kind of the way they want to go about making that change in the straightforward and honesty, I love that. I want that from anybody that works here and I want them to all feel that way. I mean, if you think about it, if somebody said to you 20 years ago, I’ll give you 20 years. We’re going to train and build and hire underlings, get better at what we do. Then at the end of 20 years, you get $10 million and twice the pay, I’d say, great, I’ll sign up for that all day long. So it certainly shows the value of mixed-use and they’re going to do wonders for that platform over the next 20 years as it takes a while. But with that happening, we can get down to, okay, now what will we do, how will we do it And the bottom line is, there will not be a plug-in, plug-out replacement for either of those guys. This – what we’ve been doing specifically over the last five, with – you saw last year, we promoted the Vice President, Patrick McMahon up in Boston. We hired couple of years ago Ramsey Meiser as a Senior Vice President out of Forest City. You think about a guy like John Tschiderer, who has grown up in this organization and created the type of value and not only the core, but in redevelopment and mixed-use, all the way through and their teams under them, we’re ready for this. But what it allows us to do is have a clean sheet of paper, great opportunities for others, but we have the time to figure out basically how to look towards the next way to approach these projects. Don is a visionary man and he’ a damn good in terms of mixed-use. But at this point, we’re not looking for the next giant piece of land to create the next big mixed-use project. We’ve got a ton to do, executing the specific places that we have already built. So when you look at Pike & Rose, the next phases, Assembly, the next phases, certainly on the West Coast with Jeff and his team, the next phases, that’s kind of where we are. So as you think about it, I look today, they’re – I’m not saying, we won’t add to the team. We probably will add to the team as it goes through. But mostly this will be a re-jiggering of people inside and giving some opportunities to folks that had been dying for it. When you have a senior team, that’s been here 20 years, one of the downsides of that is you have other people saying, what about me and where do I get – how do I get my opportunity So this is net-net, believe me, I’ll miss these guys, but this isn’t a bad thing for Federal over the long-term.
Donald Wood: Sure. Yes – and I think this probably goes back a couple of years, keeping in terms of our real heavy looking at how these things need to be improved upon from a merchandising perspective in particular, as well as physically for the next 10 years. So in Bethesda, you absolutely see vacancy. You see the vacancy that is a turnover from kind of the old tenancy to what we’ve done, virtually all leased up other than a couple of spaces on Bethesda Lane, but not yet occupied, not – in some cases, not yet lease has been signed, but all the way there in terms of the new thought process, the negotiations with tenant, et cetera, other than Hollywood Boulevard, for example. So Bethesda, there’s Hollywood, God, Hollywood, we are close on two other deals, there again improving merchandising in that network – in that area.
Donald Wood: Yes. All right. Shirlington is a great example. Shirlington has been a terrific kind of local restaurant street, if you will, for the last 10 or 15 years and particularly that we did. Today, we want that to be – to reach further, to be more. And so we are looking at redevelopment opportunities. As a result, we are shortening some leases in the building that would be impacted by that, which causes more vacancy today. But as you sit back, if I took you, we walked through Shirlington, as an example, and told you the plan not well enough to have it lay down in every dollar that you get at this point. You’d say, I get it. The thing’s going to worth a lot more than it is today.
Donald Wood: It’s a combination of that. We always have and this has kind of been one of the hardest things for me to decide over the years was, how big do you want to scale the company, how big do you want to development group. Could you get to more, is that better, how much should development be as a percentage of the whole company I think we got it about right. And so there is a component of capacity on our side, which I do think works in the balance. But it’s much more complicated than that. It does get to what – primarily what are the lease terms of some of the major tenants in there. That’s a perfect example in Darien, for example in Connecticut. And a number of these, so we work through continually ways to get back space, economically does it make sense, would it be better to wait. We also have high construction cost today. And if I were to say, what’s the one thing that is making it tougher to pull the trigger on deals, it is the development costs relative to the ability to underwrite the rents necessary to get there. Develop – there was no question that construction costs have risen in a lot of markets that were in over the past five or six years faster than the rents have, which squeezes it. But it doesn’t change the long-term viability of these assets being intensified and more valuable.
Donald Wood: Yes. Listen, it’s a good question. I mean, what – that letter got leaked, which didn’t get leaked from us, but we were. I have no problem with it being out in the public. What you’re seeing is a little bit of the sausage making of development. And that’s what – what effectively that is and there is no question that we continually fight to make sure that we are getting the – an economic deal that make sense. We need in projects like that partners with state level officials as the letter kind of stands on itself. There is absolutely stuff. I think you and I talked about that in the past. That should have been done already there. That has not been done to this point by in terms of County obligations. And so we’re fighting through that. So in terms of, does it stop the capital allocation or not, we’re going to have to see. But we’re going to – I’m not going to negotiate that here on this call certainly. But that’s part of the sausage making of figuring out how to create acceptable returns, it’s nothing more than that.
Donald Wood: No, it does not, Craig, we’ll get the Bon-Ton back. If you – if I took you there, you would see a property that, it’s big, right, it’s 400,000-plus feet. So there are sections of Brick Plaza. The first section is complete with respect to its re-tenanting, with most of the tenants that I enumerated in the prepared remarks in terms of it physicality, et cetera. The second part of it is not yet complete. We’re working that through. The third part will be Bon-Ton. So there’s still work to do in terms of what we are getting there. The hard part was to get that first group of new merchandising, if you will, in place, and you can imagine what that’s now doing to the acceleration of tenant demand for the balance.
Donald Wood: Well, you know what flaw – and this is – to me what this is a flaw. We believe we have the best piece of dirt in that market. And I think if I took you there, you would agree with me. And yet, if you look at a few years ago, the merchandising in that shopping center versus the other products, six in one half dozen of the other, it didn’t matter which one a tenant would go to. And that’s an anathema to having the good dirt. You can’t have that. If you’ve got the best dirt, you need to be able to get there. So this effort to redevelop can’t happen without the best piece of dirt, because you’re going too uphill against the other. So it is textbook. And I think we’ll be talking about it for years. You’ll get sick of hearing about Brick.
Donald Wood: I sure can. And as you asked the question, I guess I thought of one in particular and that’s Bed-Bath. As you would imagine, the negotiations of options coming up and what was going to happen, we knew it was going to be a negotiation. And so – with that tenant. And yet of the five locations that had renewal options coming up and immediately without negotiations, four of them were renewed. That speaks to it, that’s a testament to the real estate, right, then and there with respect to that. We had option rates – rents. And the fifth one is a property that we are looking at redeveloping early on. And so those conversations are the same type of conversations that have always happened and I believe will always happen. You are trying to create a place where that particular – whatever particular tenant is there can make money. And they can see a way to make money, you’re going to have a pretty good negotiation. If they can’t and you don’t have choices, you’re not. Now Ascena is one that is kind of such in the middle of figuring themselves out and working through their issues that we’ve approached them and continue to approach them on a one by one locational negotiation, if you will. And so far, there have been a couple that we’re going to lose, that’s okay. There are others that updated just at option rents or renegotiated rents. And everything in between, that continues Samir. I don’t expect that to change throughout the balance of 2018 in terms of that process.
Donald Wood: Not, not broadly. I can tell you that I certainly believe retailers in general are doing better. I believe that the tax cuts that happened earlier in this year are having a good impact on consumer spending, I believe that. Accordingly, I believe that executives in charge of retailers are more optimistic. And hence the negotiations are more likely to exercise an option or at terms that the landlord needs. And that’s – but – so from the standpoint of hopefulness, if you will, in that community, I do think that the last six or nine months of increased consumer spending and sales in a lot of cases has really helped that negotiation process.
Donald Wood: Yes. Well, you remember, Chris went from leasing to the mixed-use side a few years back. And with that came the ascension of other people, more people in our organization doing anchor work led by Wendy Seher, who worked under Chris, now she has been here 15 years. At this point in time, absolutely no diminution at all from the retailer side would we expect, absolutely not. And with respect to the development side, in terms of municipality and relationships that in particular sure. So Briggs’ relationship at Sunset in Florida could absolutely impact the way we move forward on Sunset. I’m going to send somebody down there. We’re going to do a complete relook without any of the biases as to what we should do there. That’s a pretty good example of that. In terms of the others, Somerville, for example, close to your heart, we’ve got deep relationships in Somerville beyond, Don. Not that Don isn’t the primary spoke person, he is. But so do I so do others in the company along the way. And by the way, it’s – the master plan is done. It is now execution of existing things a long way. So just don’t think about us, including me as anyone person at this company is – changes what Federal Realty does and how we’re able to take the real estate we have, which is really good stuff and execute value-enhancement on it.
Donald Wood: But what I will say, let me just add to that, Jeremy. The important thing about the concept, I do think this pioneering, if you would call it that, is not really pioneering at all. I really do think, it’s – I know why you’re saying that and it’s from that perspective. But when you look at demand versus supply, I mean, the one thing – the one worry I have about this is that, I think we’re doing a lot to bring this idea into the forefront, which brings down cap rates of these type of properties, because you can see the – that demand obviously exceed supply. And so, I think it’s harder for companies to get into this. I think, you’ll see more companies trying to do this. I know there are a couple of private guys that are talking to us about trying to do more and having us invest with them. And I don’t know how I feel about that for purposes of this call. But I don’t think you’re going to feel that this is pioneering two years from now and that’s just an opinion.
Donald Wood: I would – the only thing I would say to that is that, those opportunities are more likely to have redevelopment components to them as the way to create value than just blowing up rents on existing shopping center.
Donald Wood: I think let us kind of focus on that. It wasn’t something that popped out to us. We can follow back up with you Vince on that one.
Donald Wood: Yes, in terms of the second one, by the way, I really don’t want to comment on that. I didn’t tell you who the tenant was in the building that we were at 700 Santana Row, so I don’t want to comment on that any further at this point. I hope you understand that. And then with respect to overall tenant credit and underwriting, look, man, we – not – no different, no different in terms of what this company has consistently done and every investment we make in a space. If we’ve got to put money into a space and all deals we need to that for, I get, we are absolutely running through a vigorous credit process to underwrite whether we are probable or more likely than not to get through that lease and if not what protections that we have. We negotiate termination rights extremely aggressively. We negotiate go dark, right, extremely aggressively. We have a pretty good track record of – to controlling the space and controlling the shopping center to the extent we can and obviously relative to other deals that are out there, that is a really important thing. In terms of the – if there’s not money going into the space, we’re a loser on the ability to try something out with the tenant – with different types of tenants along the way there. But none of that has changed. You’re still taking your most aggressive shot at control and obviously rent. So no, man, I don’t see a big difference and obviously then that, I don’t have to say it, but I’m going to say it for the record, we have no Brookstone’s.
Donald Wood: You are. You shouldn’t be. I mean, there was another question about the next phase of Pike & Rose. I mean with Pike & Rose, we’d like to get going with that whether we can or not, that’s got nothing to do with the departures, that’s got everything to do with our underwriting. Assembly Row, we are getting close on the next thing to talk about at Assembly Row. That will not be changed one way or the other. With respect to the West Coast, we are making real progress on Santana West, whether that gets announced shortly or not, certainly isn’t impacted by the departures. So no, you should not see – you should not see a reduction in that. And by the way, if we did buy the next big piece of land for a mixed-use property, you would see no benefit of that for five to seven to nine years, right, just to put that stuff in context. Remember, we got Assembly, we acquired it in 2005. We acquired Pike & Rose. We got control of Pike & Rose in 2009. Stuff takes time, no question about it. So please don’t think they’ll be a diminution in development activity or redevelopment activity because of the departures. If there is, it’s because of economics. And we are not going to – we’re not going to put money to work in a dilutive way. So that is to be seen. But so far nothing that I would say would cause that diminution.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Let me answer that question for you in a minute, Alex. I want to go back to your question to Don and just pile on a little bit. So one thing, I think everybody needs to keep in mind about Federal, obviously, you all know we have a great portfolio of real estate. But really what we’ve done over our 50-plus-year history, if you will, is kind of lead the charge in how you take care of that real estate and how you redevelop that real estate, right? So, Federal was one of the first company as to really think about running a neighborhood or a community shopping center better than it had ever been run before with great signage and a great tenant mix and great landscaping. And 20, 30 years ago, we got into the street retail business before anybody else did. And then we got into the mixed-use business and with the development of Bethesda Row over 20 years ago. Lately, we built some great mixed-use neighborhoods like Santana Row, Assembly Row, Pike & Rose, we did the Primestor joint venture. We are always forward looking here. We are thought leaders in our business. And I’m really going to miss Don and Chris too, not only where they’re great work colleagues, but they are good friends of mine. But I want everybody to be confident that we built the team here and we will continue to grow and staff the team to be thought leaders and do what’s best next for our real estate. So, probably didn’t need all that detail, but I just wanted to let you know how I was thinking about this as well. As it relates to Jordan Downs and your question, we’re really excited about Jordan Downs. Like Don said, Primestor has been working on this for a number of years, have been working very closely with the community and the Los Angeles Housing Authority. The property sits about two miles south of La Alameda and about three miles west of Azalea, two of our other assets of the Primestor joint venture. What’s happening is Century Boulevard, which if you’ve been to LAX, you’ve been on Century Boulevard. It starts at LAX and it goes east and it stops when you get to Jordan Downs. And as part of its development, Century Boulevard is being extended through Jordan Downs to Alameda and making a great new intersection which is right where Jordan Downs Plaza is located. There is 700 not so great looking affordable housing units that are being taken down, and the unit count within Jordan Downs over time will be doubled to 1,400 housing units. So the whole area is undergoing a transformation. There are more people within three miles of Jordan Downs Plaza than any of our other Primestor centers, nearly 500,000 people within three miles. So the density is just incredible. And when you think about tenant demand and economics, because Primestor did in these communities for long time, first with La Alameda and then with Azalea, because they know how the tenants do, because they know what the community wants and needs. They put together a great tenant mix for Jordan Downs. Like Don said, we were – we had a grocery store lease signed before we close, and were committed on just more of, if I think of 80% of the NOI in the project with other tenants and there is a strong, strong tenant demand. So I don’t think there’s – is there a discount for the website? Yes, there is a discount in the website for a variety of reasons but are the rents strong and will the economics be strong based on the cost to build the project absolutely, we are real excited about it.
Jeff Berkes: If we have a shot at during better than that, we’ll see, it’s a development project. So we’ll know better in a year or so.
Jeff Berkes: It’s one arrow in a quiver. And I think if you sit back and you think about – look, this business, the most – the greatest thing about this business was, if you were going back at 2003 or 2004, there were in the new age, if you will, when REITs were only 10 years old generally. You would have undermanaged shopping center in a great location, where it was under private ownership and underinvested in, and you’d be able to take it over, put a little lipstick on it, clean it up and increase rent points 20% and 30%, while by the way, cap rates fell from 8% to 6% or whatever it was. That’s a great business. That’s a tough business today. The ability to create value through development clearly is a better business than trying to find those needles in the haystack alone, because I don’t believe there are a lot of them. When you sit back and go forward, and think, okay, what’s next, you are talking about scale of mixed-use. How we should do mixed-use well, how we should look into new markets like Primestor with a demographic, that’s clearly underserved. There’s also a couple of other things that we’re looking at. Should probably think about technology and how that’s used in terms of data for retailers and for landlords. So maybe the analogies, it’s another arrow in the quiver. But there are two or three or four of them that we’re all looking through right now.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Jeremy, this is Jeff Berkes, and that’s a great question. Although I don’t really have a great answer for you, I think it’s a little early. I mean, we’re closing in here on our first year of kind of running the portfolio we bought with Primestor. And obviously, looking at a bunch of new opportunities. We’ve got one done in the form of Jordan Downs. What we’ve thought going into the venture is proving out to be true and that is – there is significant unmet demand. And that unmet demand kind of comes in two forms. One the people are going – they live in a community that need a great place to go shop and spend time with their families, go out to dinner, that kind of thing. The other unmet demand is there’s a bunch of tenants that are not in the market yet, that should be, right, which creates competition for space and which creates upward pressure on rents. So we thought that going in and that’s absolutely proving out to be true. Where we can take that beyond Southern California, which is really Primestor’s expertise, PBD, something we are always thinking about, talking to my counterparts on the East Coast about similar type things, but no definitive next steps as it relates to that at this point, little bit too early.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. With respect to comparable growth, I would just say that, third quarter probably is forecasted to be down – to be the weakest quarter of the year primarily given a pretty tough comps, as well as the fact that the – our proactive releasing activity will have its greatest impact in the – in that quarter. And we’ll also start feeling the drag from things like the Toys Box in Escondido, which we’ve already released, but which will have some downtime and vacancy before Bob’s takes possession. The fourth quarter probably will bounce back. So that gives you a little bit of – to around kind of the 3% range. So that gives you a little bit of a sense of where we expect things for the last two quarters. With regards to some of the expense get back, some of it’s G&A related. But for the most part, we don’t expect much movement with regards to term fees. Term fees probably will not influence or impact in our forecast the next two quarters.
Dan Guglielmone: Well, let me talk about this first-half. I guess, we shouldn’t have reported 22 in the first quarter and 10 in the second, should have just done 15 15. But it doesn’t work like that, right? It is what it is. The – this company does about 400 deals a year. So 100 deals a quarter or something like that. And that means there are always a few deals that are going to create volatility associated with that. One is a deal that hurt that today is a really important deal out of Plaza El Secundo. And that’s the Nordstrom Rack deal that replace a Cost Plus tenant and that was a roll down. That’s okay. It does a whole lot more for that shopping center, than any other tenant frankly, that we could have done in that space. But we had heartburn over doing the deal, but we did it. And so there’s always – there were a couple of deals like that. That one was the largest that I talked about in the quarter. And overall, there is no doubt in my mind that market rents exceed the rents in place in this portfolio. And significantly, and I think that slide that we show is my favorite part about that in the road show in place versus what deals are being done at. That we expect to continue. I just can’t tell you 90 days at a time, which – how that’s going to continue journey. So that’s probably the best I have.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, absolutely. The days of buy an old center and giving it a little lipstick and rouge and rolling rents up, I’d love to find those, but they are not around like they were 10, 15 years ago, right? In terms of cap rates, where cap rates are going, really, really tough to say right now. I think on prior calls and you probably hear this from other management teams as well that the really good stuff is still trading at really aggressive cap rates. I think maybe what’s changed over the last six, nine, 12 months, is if that bull’s-eye was a size of a quarter year ago, maybe that bull’s-eye is the size of a nickel now, right? Fewer deals are viewed as – fewer properties are viewed as really, really good properties. And when you start to move out on the Target away from the bull’s-eye, than it’s kind of anybody guess as to where the cap rates might be in the secondary and tertiary markets. It’s just very difficult market right now, a few buyers showing up to bid.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. I’m not sure with respect to the latter first just have to get that out of the way. I’m not sure I have a macro comment in terms of that difference George. I will tell you, but this is such a local base business. And so what we’ve really tried to do hard over the last year, year-and-a-half, in particular, is meet with grocery management teams, try to understand where they are going. I mean the real interesting one is Harris Teeter, which we have along with Kroger, so now the same company at Barracks Road, they had two grocers in the same shopping center in a market that does have competition in terms of that. I can tell you, they like others are trying lots of different things to figure out their next steps. They’re also doing a pretty darn good job – a far better job than ever before on prepared foods, on those things that bring somebody into the shopping center or to the grocery store. Are we at the point where we can say the middle to – all the middle of the aisles of the grocery store macro-wise are going to go away and all you’re going to need is 15,000 square foot grocers with prepared foods and flowers and other things that are experiential? No, we’re not at that stage. In fact, what we see is a lot of grocers in the markets that we’re doing business in doing very well. Are they – are sales going up, the way they did a decade ago? Absolutely not, and there is clearly pressures. They are clearly trying to figure that out. But their cost ratios and their ability to be four walls profitable or in fact, effectively increase that profitability, looks very promising. So, it’s so hard for me and maybe it’s just because our company is not that big. But to make macro statements with respect to grocers in the U.S., I can make micro statements with respect to the markets that we’re in and rightsizing and sometimes that’s big and sometimes that’s smaller in each location that we are in, is something that – every grocer we talk to is actively interested in the conversations and that’s says to me, yes, they are absolutely looking for ways to improve profitability in a more aggressive way than they have before. But beyond that, I don’t have much to say in terms of the Primestor portfolio and the food that we have there. Those are strong performing grocers as they are in our markets. And in terms of where they go, I just – I don’t have anything unless you do Jeff to add to that.
Dan Guglielmone: And with regards to the G&A question, the first part of your question, there may be a modest pickup, but it won’t be material and wouldn’t change kind of how we are thinking about G&A or G&A forecast for the balance of the year in a material way.
