Donald Wood: We're back. Yes, we're, in fact, well above 2019 levels. So I know one that what Dan was just talking about was specifically with respect to the 4 mixed-use assets and for obvious reasons there. But the whole portfolio is on overall back above 2019. It's the higher interest expense that effectively brings us back down to about the same FFO but certainly, operationally, significantly above.
Donald Wood: Yes. And Wendy, I don't know if you want to add to this or not, but I'm very, very positive about our small shop occupancy. And I think we're sitting there at 90% or so now, which is back to place that we haven't been for quite some time, and we're not done. We've got some more room to grow there. 
Donald Wood: No, it's a good question. Listen, the -- it became pretty clear. As you know, we worked hard to get a full building user at Santana West. We shifted to that strategy, we talked about a little bit last year, but we shifted to the strategy of building out the individual floors instead, that the accounting for that is to capitalize and continue to capitalize. But the reason for it, the business reason for that, is that we do see more demand in that 50,000 to 100,000 square foot user. There are tours that we're giving now. Obviously, you know what's going on with tech in Silicon Valley. So I certainly don't have anything great to say about the demonstrative progress there. But that building is getting a lot of looks. And so we're very hopeful that this strategy of looking for 100,000 square foot tenants rather than the full 350,000, 375,000 will be fruitful. It feels good that way.  In terms of what that means on the accounting is you've got $250 million into a building at call it 5% or so a year of carry on that. And so that winds up continuing at this point to be on the balance sheet. And effectively at some point, it will wind up going through the P&L, but you can do the math on that.
Donald Wood: That's fair, Haendel. I mean the -- look, the business, the general business and the shopping center business, allows the portfolio to grow with common occupancy of a typical shopping center of 1.5% and 1.25%, what they do. We've been able to have long-term growth of 3%, 3.5%, something like that, on an occupancy neutral basis. I feel very good about that.  And with respect to the comment I was making about the about the rent bumps, it's really -- we've talked about this in the past, a little bit of inflation is a really good thing in our business. So much inflation certainly isn't. But to the extent we get to a normalized level of inflation, it allows us to push more. And Wendy and that team is having success effectively with the ability of increasing or improving the economics for longer-term deals because inflation is real, and everybody knows it. You're not trying to push a noodle uphill. So that long-term growth rate of 3%, 3.5%, I feel very good about.
Donald Wood: Yes, Derek, let me start, and Dan will add to this. Look, there's a couple of principles involved here. So one is I never want to surprise our own so I never want a whole bunch of equity out there at any one time. I'd like to do it in conservative amounts as we go through a year. We opportunistically then obviously can turn that dial up or back based on where we believe value lies and what the uses are.  The most important thing is what is the use for that money. And at the end of the day, to the extent we are very comfortable that we can use shareholder or debtholder proceeds to be able to create incremental value, that's what we will do. That's the driver always because we don't have to, to the extent we don't have those uses, and even the development pipeline that you know, it's far lower than it was, only a couple of hundred million dollars left spend at this point. So lots of flexibility. And that's what I always want to maintain with respect to the balance sheet here is the ability to kind of take advantage opportunistically of what's going on in the marketplace to create value. And I look at debt and equity similar to that.
Donald Wood: And I think because demand is strong and continues to be strong, we found success in being able to push on both of those levers, particularly in the last couple of quarters.
Daniel Guglielmone: Look, I think a big variable is what happens to the Bed Bath bankruptcy. I think that probably at the top of the range, we'll expect to have a more normalized Chapter 11 where we expect to get a few boxes back whereas, if it's a liquidation, that will push us towards the bottom of the range. I think that's probably one of the bigger drivers that takes us either up or down.
Daniel Guglielmone: Okay. Look, I think the building blocks that kind of are comparable is kind of a combination of things that get us there. I think we would expect I think contractual bumps, which continue to be kind of sector-leading, kind of north of 2.25% and include kind of some of the office. I think occupancy growth relative to where things were last year will add, I think, a good chunk of rollover because what's interesting is ours is a GAAP number, so the contractual rent bumps don't contribute as much. What really does is the rollover to rollover growth, which is the straight line rollover, which captures those rent bumps. And so that should be a big driver because of the progress we've made.  And you've got residential. I think we'll continue to see percentage rent and parking. And then we mentioned the probably 100 to 130 basis points of credit reserve, then also about 100 basis points of term fee headwind and prior period rent headwind that gets us kind of to that midpoint of that metric.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. I appreciate the question, Floris. Look, we -- if you add all those things up, yes, it gets beyond the 4%, but then you apply a credit reserve, you've got some headwinds and so forth. And so look, we're hopeful that our 2% to 4% net comparable growth is a conservative estimate. And we hope that the strong rollover we're expecting in 2023, continued contractual rent bumps, continuing to be able to push occupancy, will continue to drive a strong core portfolio growth profile in 2023. But there are headwinds out there, and so the 2% to 4% reflects that.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Look, there is -- these are an amalgamation of a number of deals. In any particular quarter, you'll see some deals that have higher rollover, you'll see some that are more anchor related versus small shop related. There's a giant mix. I don't want you to look and say, I see a deceleration in leasing spreads in the fourth quarter. There's no trend there. The trend you should expect to see is actually higher rollovers in 2023 based on what we see in the pipeline.  And that's simply an opportunistic notion of being able to understand what spaces are coming due, where the demand is for that space, and that's what's in the pipeline. And that's opportunistic based on what's happening there. But in every case, we're pushing for very high contractual bumps associated with those leases. So, in total, the economic contribution is greater. I don't want to just look at that lease rollover spread. I want to look at it holistically, in total, including the contractual bumps.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Essentially, we got done, the one Rolling Wood, which was $68 million. We're still in process on about $130 million of additional acquisitions. We'll see if we get them over. And then I would say the balance, we determined that it didn't meet the timing parameters we needed or the pricing parameters, and we stayed disciplined and decided not to move forward. But there's a possibility. You bring those back later in the year when there's a more receptive capital markets environment.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Look, I think we're going to look to be opportunistic like we always are. I think we're going to -- we created a significant amount of capacity to give us the flexibility to be opportunistic, completely undrawn on $1.25 billion will give us flexibility from a timing perspective. But we expect to access the bond markets throughout 2023 to address the maturities that we have, June maturity as well as the January '24 maturity.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. And just to add another thing that's not in that 170 basis points of signed and not open SNO is are non-comparable pool where we have an equivalent amount of POI that's expected to come on from what we're delivering stuff, buildings that are not yet placed into service, where we have leasing done, contracts leases that are done. And it's the equivalent of that same 170 basis point spread. So that's an added differentiator and an advantage that none of our peers have because they don't have the scale of that non-comparable pool.
Don Wood: So, Alex, my point on that is the direct answer to your question is no, I don't think we are too conservative on that. I think your inherent premise and what you're saying is that the accounting drives the business decision. And it's exactly the opposite. It is the business decision with what -- with the strategy towards the building, that drives whatever the accounting is and frankly, we didn't even know the accounting when we first talked about how the -- how we were going to go after -- what tenant base we were going to go after once we lost the first couple of big building users.  So, no, I don't think so, and the notion of looking at capitalized interest as a positive or negative thing with respect to '23, here's the fallacy in it. What we're laying out in '23, agree, does not have an impact from Santana West. What it does is show the impact of everything else in this company.  And that's why that operating growth is coming through. That's why the bottom line is coming through. ideally, you will see, as we move forward, rent debt more than pay -- rent on Santana West that more than pays for the interest expense. But it's not like we're getting a benefit for that in '23. We simply don't have any impact of Santana West for '23. So just fundamentally, I think you're looking at it a little backwards.
Don Wood: That's a great question, Mike. And there's an important underlying assumption here. We love the development component of our business. And there are certainly times like now where we turn down that spigot and aren't comfortable to be able to start construction. But don't let that misinform you to believe that, capacity and the work that we do with our team, which stays together during down cycles here.  Making its shovel ready to be able to activate quicker -- the idea is to be able to activate quicker than any of the competition. That's what we try to do. So, the ability to stay very tight on not only with our contractor, with pricing, with entitlements for future phases at places like Assembly, it's front of mind all the time. So, whatever is going on in the market, Mike, and I don't have a crystal ball with respect to '23 or '24 or '25, but I know we'll be back at it faster than most. And that's the key competitive standpoint in terms of the way we look at it.
Don Wood: Yes. No, it's a very fair question. I'm not sure it will take longer. And the reason is because we are building out the individual floors. So that work, effectively a year's worth of work here, is being done ahead of time. And so, on timing, I think feeling pretty good.  In terms of the extra carry and potentially on cost, yes, I would expect those to be incrementally higher, but we also have benefits in terms of our base building and lots of other things that are reducing the cost of Santana West.  And I guess the last point to really make just make sure you're not overemphasizing this one building that makes up 1.5 points -- 1.5% of the asset base of the company. And when you kind of sit back and you take like our entire office portfolio, they back out just Santana West, just alone, even our ongoing other buildings, which are under construction, in total, 92% leased. And if you knock out the one that's being built here at Pike & Rose, that's not finished yet, they're 97% leased. So, the product -- and this is really important, from a real estate person's perspective, the product is right all the way through, and it's a different product when it's attached the Santana Row, Assembly Row, Pike & Rose.
Don Wood: No. That's just timing a little bit. We're pushing hard on rate. And so, as turnouts come, we don't want to leave money on the table. So that balance between rate and occupancy is always -- it's always part of the formula. And we push just a bunch charter on rate. You'll see that come back in '23.
Don Wood: Well, Michael, I want to make sure we agree on the premise. The lease percentage continues to get better, get higher. The primary thing there is that we continue to lease up the portfolio. We feel very good about that. Now that's a job of that leasing team, and that's working out pretty darn well.  But the job of the tenant coordinators, the job of the construction people, the job is to get those tenants open. And frankly, that has just been as amazing as leasing is and leasing have record years. Tenant coordinators and that part of the construction of those spaces to get them open, is just stellar.  And so, I hope when you look through what's important about leased versus occupied that, if you're in the middle of COVID, it's great to have a whole bunch of leasing done and not a bunch of sub open as it come back up. But to get to normalized operations, you want that as tight as you possibly can to be able to turn a contract into rent. So, I love where we are, in fact, because we're doing both increasing that lease and more than increasing that amount by occupancy.
