Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Now, for the quarter, we had about $3.25 million of term fees, a large proportion of that was in our budget. We did exceed that – our forecast slightly and that’s part of the reason for the $0.02 to $0.03 beat. A lot of that was not in the same-store pool, but those are roughly the numbers.
Daniel Guglielmone: I think we will look to kind of take advantage of the breadth of our balance sheet and our capital market’s capabilities. I think we will be tactical and opportunistic when equity is attractively priced. As I mentioned in my remarks, our disposition pipeline is strong and looks good. That could grow, but we will be nimble and opportunistic as it relates to issuing capital going forward.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes, probably kind of $140 million to $150 million of condo and call it $50 million to $60 million of other, non-core.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes, all good questions. I think kind of given where we are in our process, it’s a little premature to get into kind of some of those detailed assumptions behind ‘18 and we will definitely cover that in February. But to give you maybe something in terms of where we see maybe same-store next year, it’s preliminary, but maybe 2% to 3% is a good placeholder on the basis of our new metric comparable property POI, but I think at this point, it’s too premature to provide detailed assumptions.
Daniel Guglielmone: I think for the fourth quarter, we could – maybe it’s $0.01, but I think that will continue. This is upgrading and really improving our accounting and IT platform, it’s investment we feel is going to improve the productivity of our company on a go-forward basis. The bulk of that spend will be in 2018 and some of that will be reflected in our guidance in 2018, but again a little preliminary to kind of be detailed and give a detailed estimate of that number at this point.
Daniel Guglielmone: Probably I would say the asset, the non-core asset dispositions are probably towards the first half of the year, maybe this should be done by then, but that’s – it’s a modest kind of $50 million to $60 million number.
Daniel Guglielmone: I would generally say that we have shown consistency in our operating metrics over the last several quarters, I think heading into 2018, I think it will be consistent. I think again, it’s a little too premature kind of given where we are. We still got another 45 days of going through our budgeting process before we are able to provide that level of detail, but again we will talk about that in more detail in February.
Daniel Guglielmone: I think that we are sitting here and looking at 2018, it is an uncertain retailing environment and I think that our range kind of reflects some caution and some conservatism at that low end of the range.
Don Wood: Mike, the only thing I want to add to that is and it ties into the question, because of the asset sale piece, remember, we are talking about a lot of that coming from the sale of condos. And what effectively that does is obviously de-risk and de-lever the big properties at both Pike & Rose and Assembly and so especially with the Assembly results that we have seen, that’s better stuff than we anticipated.
Don Wood: Craig, first of all, it’s a great conversation, it’s what we spend an awful lot of time doing. It is all about balance, you are exactly right, but one of the things that frankly, the entire open air sector has over malls is more flexibility in the product type or in terms of what you can do with spaces, whether that be combining for smaller spaces with the right depths that make some sense or in some places going the other way. The idea of making sure that – and I think there is wide funnel notion. It sounds obvious, but you have got to be thinking about it as you are locating your properties, where you are obviously and what format they are under. I think one of the best things we have is not all grocery anchored centers, not all mixed-use properties, not all any one thing, but it’s much more real estate based in terms of it. And so the balance between the great tenants that we think are the great tenants today that we don’t know, because they are all trying to figure out what their 5 and 10 and longer models will be and those tenants that are a bit pioneering, you need the right kind of balance. I hate the word duration, because it’s overused so much, but there is something to it. And as you know, Craig, we have talked about it for years, it is what we do. So, I can’t tell you 40%, 60%, 50%-50%, whatever, it very much depends on the piece of real estate, it very much depends on how wide that market is drawing from. But I can tell you in every decision we make, with respect to what tenants to put next to get and how to be relevant for the future, those considerations are made. Sorry, to get wordy on this, but it’s such an important part and thinking about the future of our business. If you take Brick Shopping Center in Brick, New Jersey, this was a shopping center that had an A&P, a sports authority, a Bon-Ton in it, Dollar stores, etcetera and that is now HomeGoods, DSW, Ulta, gymnast deals that’s just about done, that should like a lot. It’s a completely different environment and it didn’t just happen with the tenants, it happened with the physical place, with the outdoor seating, the place making, etcetera. It’s the consolidator in the market. And that you will have to be thinking about as you go forward. Who were the consolidators, where is the real estate that can act in it, in a country that’s got too much retail as the consolidator? We think we are really well positioned for that.
Don Wood: Well, I will tell you this, I am glad particularly with respect to Coco, you know that the project is priced out that it’s effectively what had gotten to the point it did before the hurricane struck. There was no damage to the property. I do not believe from everything we are hearing that we will have issues with respect to the construction execution. Now when you look going forward on projects, there is no doubt, construction cost in this country is something we are – everybody is thinking about with respect to maybe number of workers cost wise, just why can’t you make big rents to be able to pay for it. So, physical damage absolutely not, great shape on our line of the assets. With respect to what construction cost due to make numbers work in the future, we are going to have to see. They are up right now, that’s for sure.
Don Wood: Throughout 2018, Christy, I would – to model it around the middle of the year, some will start before in terms of the condo closings, end or later in the year, all of the Assembly will be done next year. You can basically put that around in the middle of the year. Pike & Rose, obviously, we are halfway done. And so we have got another half to do and that timing of those sales will determine what the timing is on that.
Don Wood: But Jeff, it’s something bigger than that. I mean, the reason even we gave such a wide range to start. Think about the things that we are doing, the timing and the pacing of the lease up of the residential properties, that matters, it matters a lot. The timing of when we demolish the biggest piece of CocoWalk and do we get the entitlements on Sunset and can we get started with that? When you think about some of the other projects, like Darien that we are making really good progress on, but aren’t sure when we’ll be starting. This company does a lot. So the notion of – it’s hard to kind of invest or not invest in a company based on 90 days in the real estate business, this isn’t the retail business, it’s the real estate business. I am not trying to be detour of you, but when you think about the components of this, it is more complex than a commodity-based company and there is more upside than a commodity-based company.
Don Wood: Well, it’s interesting. And I think I have commented over the past year or the past 2 years that I did feel like the leasing leverage, the de-leverage and you just – in general on everything was tipping more to the retail and that’s particularly given that uncertainty, kind of feeling like that’s found the bottom, if you will, or piece of stability. And we are seeing it in a number of places. What I’d love to give you our specific examples, I don’t want to do that for obvious negotiating reasons. But there have been tenants that have come back to us and said, hey, look, we’d like to exercise that option, but you are going to have to renegotiate that down and sometimes we have to do that. But what our policy is, is no, there is a contract in place this is the contract, that’s the way it’s going to be. And I can give you, I’d love to give you, but I will not on this call, three specific examples of three specific tenants that you would know very well, that basically have to then ask, simply exercise their option at the higher rent and moved forward. And so the notion of taking this, this dislocation in our business and trying to use it to the best advantage, that’s what we all do. That’s what the landlord side does it’s what the retailer side does. But I feel like there is no doubt property by property, the leverage that the conversations that we are having feel more settled to me than they have been over the past few months.
Don Wood: We don’t. Obviously, what we do for living and when you think about where Assembly is located, what we have entitled, what’s there, we obviously think there is a great case to be made there. We feel the same way in and around Pike & Rose in that Montgomery County area. And having said that, we know nothing more than that and every city that I go to, things, they are getting Amazon’s second headquarters, no matter who you talk to, their city will make that and it will go somewhere. And in some ways, the best place to be is just on the periphery of it, because who knows what those deals will look like, right, as it happens, but the fact that we are having this conversation in a what is plain, old shopping center companies suggest this isn’t a plain old shopping center company. As we are getting something different when I don’t know how many calls you have had with the shopping center guys where you are asking about Amazon’s second headquarters and the real estate that you own to get there. So no, I don’t know anymore now, but I sure know that if you look through the type of things that, that company and many other companies like them are or smaller obviously, but like them are looking for in their workforce. We are set up with those type of locations in the markets that we are in. That’s the big takeaway.
Don Wood: I am going turn it over to Dan, as much close on the numbers, I will tell you, Jeremy. I mean, there is no question we are doing a boatload of leasing. And so – and we are doing leasing as I have said in the past, in places that are under redevelopment, are being repositioned. I think we do a lot of it. It’s not a little bit on the edges. And so most of that leasing is coming in, I think we’ve stretched on the schedule for a number of quarters, for sure, in terms of how that income stream comes on. And yes, it comes on throughout into 2018 and ‘19 and it builds. Now as question was implied earlier, how much of the lease in the bottom of the bucket, what’s going to come out after the holiday season and all that, we don’t know. We don’t know. But what we know is we are, we go hard to our tenant base. And when we have weakness or when we see tenants, we are worried – weakness in those locations. We are looking really hard right now to how to backfill it. So the big question, Jeremy, as you go through on the basic business side is the bottom of the bucket, how much of a leak there will be for that and that’s not known yet. When you look at the other value-enhancing things that we are doing, whether we are talking about Coco, whether we are talking about Pike & Rose or Assembly, there is no doubt in those big projects that there is dilution before there is accretion and 2018 will be dilutive from the standpoint of leasing up 800 and some odd units, but that’s okay. So, it’s complicated, it’s harder to look at and just apply the same metrics that you use. But generally, with respect to the business part that you are talking about growing throughout 2018 toward the latter part is a fair assumption.
Don Wood: Yes, no, no, I did, I went through that in all my prepared remarks, but just quickly, on the residential side in particular, strong stuff, much faster and a little bit more money, I wish the money were higher. We are getting 235 a foot or so, which is better than our budget, but the most important thing about that is the existing product in Phase 1 still 95% leased. We haven’t diluted the first half, because demand is growing, because the place is finding its way there. The number of people on this call have been there lately. Everybody who is left there lately has been blown away, I loved it, I would love to show it. On the retail leasing side, as I said in my comments, slower than I wanted to be, not in the anchor system, but in the shop space that fills in around the anchor state system, where still 88% of the NOI is under lease or negotiated NOI. So, the work – there is a word slower and the word slower applies to our business in terms of navigating through this environment.
Don Wood: Yes. So with respect to Sunset, I mean, absolutely, the issue, the first issue there is we have to have the right to go north, to go north in the air. The ability to make money at Sunset is proportionately directly correlated to being able to build up in the air, and we’re now through the entitlement process there. And the entitlement process in South Miami as it is, there’s an awful lot of communities like that in the country is tough. So I don’t know that we’re going to get it there. So we’re not yet at the point of what the construction cost would be to make a bigger project work. We’re still at the point of, can we get the right to be able to expand that yet. And as you would imagine, the hurricane has slowed that process down from the standpoint of there is just other things that people are worried about these days. But we are expecting to hear something soon before the end of the year? If it’s not finalized, we will be out to February for the next way to look at it. So, we can talk more about Sunset as we go forward. But as I say, the entitlements are the same the biggest thing that the single biggest hurdle that has to be overcome. And if it’s not, it’s going to be just the basic it’s going to be what it is as opposed to something a whole lot better, which will be a shame for the community.
Don Wood: Sure. Well, Haendel, first of all, that question is, I mean, we got to sit over a few beers and talk that one through, because it’s complicated and the conversation is not for this conference call. With respect to, am I worried that there is – sure I am worried. I mean, in our business, there is no magic elixir of the type of product, there is no magic elixir into the tenants who is the greatest tenant that’s going to fix everything. I mean none of that – none of it happens. So, the idea of being balanced, the idea of having – being a real estate company more than just having a narrow business plan is very important to us. And as you would imagine, just deciding to do mixed use, whatever that means and the definition of that is so darn light to so many different people’s points of view. People don’t think that, that’s the magic elixir, but they know that creating environments and places that serve the consumer not only this year, but over the next 10 years and 15 years, that there is an awful lot to this trend toward organization in the country, towards this need for higher services, it’s hard to ignore it. I mean, it’s frankly it’s as obvious as it can be. Will there be too much done in terms of poorly executed projects and things that don’t work? Sure, there will, just like there are in other sectors. So yes, I mean, it’s proceeded at your own risk.
Don Wood: Well, I don’t want to get into the sale process of an asset. I don’t want to impede with that, that’s not done yet. And the same on the acquisition side, the only thing I would say on the acquisition side, which is very cool, is that it’s a deal that includes development. It’s a very simple grocery anchored format, not a hard thing, but it’s something that has been in the works by that company for 7 years, in terms of where it is, the returns, the subsidy from the city and other agencies, etcetera, when you spend that much time, that’s for us to come in and to be able to jump on that effectively, that’s something that we wouldn’t be able to do on our own in some of these markets. And so this partnership is we are really positive about this as an engine in this sector of our business plan going forward.
Don Wood: I just don’t understand the question with respect to leasing against ourselves there, Alex, because Avalon owns the review of the product at this site. So it’s not us, first of all. Second of all, it’s a big project, it’s 447 units. And to be 100 done at this point, this is really good and this building is not done yet. With respect to the supply and demand characteristics, we are not managing that to the dilution or accretion of any particular quarter next year. We are running a real estate company and therefore, we are trying to create the right balance between rate and volume in a big project where we have an awful lot of money invested already creating the environment. So sure, it’s going to take all of 2018 to lease it up and we will create – I forget what the number is in terms of value as it’s finished in ‘19 and ‘20 and ‘21 and ‘22. And that’s what we are running it to, not to the 90-day pieces of 2018.
Don Wood: I am not sure it does help you. What I know it does is reflect the way we run our business and how is that’s more important. What I mean by that is the first thing it does is it starts with the audited annual financial statements. And I think it’s really important that – I wish other people did this, that you start with the P&L of the company and make sure that you’re reconciling down to what it is that you’re calling same-store. The fallacy to me is that, same-store, with and without development in a company that again, is not a commodity-based company, does not have capital in it in terms of the same-store is wrong. I mean, there should be capital and there is many of the assets that we own as possible, because if you believe in us as capital allocators, that’s the way you create value in real estate. And so for us, what we are trying to say is start with the whole company. Back out of the company obviously, things that are bought and sold in one period of time. And then also if we are doing our job right, we are impacting both positively and negatively the income stream of significant amount of assets. I wish it were more and we are working on being more that, that may have dislocations in income streams that are caused by development plans to add value to these things, that should be taken out to leave what is effectively the part of the portfolio that is not under that active major redevelopment or development piece of the business. That’s how we run the place. And so whether it’s helpful to you or not, I don’t know. We are still going through the charade of the other metrics that we have been doing for years. So, you will still see that and you can use whatever you want. It can’t hurt if we are adding it, right. And hopefully, we can get there too, have more people understand the way we make investment decisions in our properties to create value and not just how many more quarter pounders of cheese we are selling out of this unit this quarter versus the quarter before.
Don Wood: Mike, the direct answer to your questions, no, not yet at this point, but it’s a really good question. What you are really saying is look, there is a real disconnect in terms of this industry, I mean – and it can’t stay the way it is that there has to be it seems to me, because of a disconnect too between private and public values, there needs to be with an amount of time, certain people are going to try to exploit those differences. So we are not particularly interested in diverting the attention that we have on our specific business plan today in any meaningful way. There is lots of conversations we have. The specific ones you are talking about, no, not in my notch at this point. We will ask Jeff that same question on the West Coast to make sure I am responding accurately, but whether it’s that or whether it’s other ways to exploit effectively public and private valuation differences, got to believe that over the next year, 18 months, 2 years that you are going to see some creative solutions.
Don Wood: Yes. I don’t have a lot to add to that, Mike. I haven’t heard much about it yet at this point, but it’s an interesting fourth quarter coming in when you think about NAREIT and the conversations that will be happening at NAREIT in just a couple of weeks, when you think about all of that focus as it turns to 2018 and ‘19 and the shape of some of the balance sheets that are out there, which are fine. But how long does the equity value stay where it is, there has to be some of those conversations, I just doesn’t have them yet.
Don Wood: Yes. What I think you need to do and we are going really try to help with this is build a database on this company, any company that you are thinking about investing and look quarter-after-quarter, because it’s – look, there is no correlation, there is hardly any correlation between the numbers on the bottom of that sheet in terms of capital and the numbers on top of that sheet in terms of the income it produces, that’s obvious, right. We are not selling, which it’s real estate investment. But after next quarter and the quarter after that and the quarter after that, you are going to be developing a database here. And then we are going to be able to talk about some trends and what’s causing X to Y. So to me, this is just the first step in trying to make sure we are not having conversations that the sell side in particular, but also buyers, the buy side are trying to fit into boxes that we don’t feel really represents the way we run our business. We are looking for real estate investors that can gather this information over a period of time and make the biggest assessment of all. Are we making any money on the capital investments that we are making? And to me, if you don’t start by tying into the base of audited financial statements, it’s really hard to do that.
