Donald C. Wood: Sure, Craig. The White Flint district, which encompasses -- which starts down by Lerner's mall and then comes up a hill and peaks right at the top where our property is at the corner of Old Georgetown and Rockville Pike is all under -- will be under development at some point over the next few years, because it's all part of the overall sector plan. And so there -- this will be identification, if you will, of an entire area. There are -- there's more residential list programs. Some of those other companies I'll be doing that include -- at JBG will be in there. The Lerners themselves will be in there as part of that and there are a number of other developers who are part of that project, part of the overall district. So you'll see more residential. There will be more office, and certainly more retail. And one of the things that we are doing as part of this is we've been very, very involved in this process all the way through. In fact, Evan Goldman and Don Briggs, our 2 guys who really have marshaled this thing beautifully, frankly, all the way through, have a great relationship with all the other partners. So I think if you look at this area, Craig, 10 years from now, you won't believe the transformation. But we certainly will be in the ground first in terms of new stuff as part of the district, and so we'll be delivering in 2014 ahead of most others.
Donald C. Wood: Yes, in total, we're putting in another 325,000 square feet there, and most of it is going to be outlet. And so you'll see roughly a -- not sure I have the breakout exactly right here, 150 on outlet and then you'll see service and you'll see the theater, which takes a big piece of it. The theater itself, takes 62,000 of that away, and the rest will be service and restaurants.
Donald C. Wood: H&M will be taking occupancy early this summer when we're done with our work. And they should -- we anticipate that they'll be opening in the fall of this year before the holidays.
Donald C. Wood: Three big things, Alex, that impacted that. Huntington, for sure, had some good-sized numbers there. Also Shoppers World, where we're in the middle of that redevelopment. So technically, we got a little bit of double counting going on there, because it's in the TI number, but it's also considered on the redevelopment schedule on the capital there. But that's just kind of how it shows. Those 2 were big. And then on the renewals, the big number on the renewal was the renewal that we did decide to do for Gucci, a 10-year deal out at Santana. We did agree to a deal that did include a lot of capital, and we did that to lock them in for 10 years at the property to be able to lease off of them as sales of the rest of property continue to rise. So those 3 things were significant capital contributors. You take them out, we still have double-digit rent growth.
Donald C. Wood: Alex, I think that's right. I can tell you I heard the same thing, and so I've been particularly wary and trying to look for signs within the retail portfolio of softening or some of the same things that the office guys are seeing. I do not see them. And kind of the results, quarter after quarter, seem to suggest that. I will tell you that the one thing that has become crystal clear is that at least on the retail side, there's not -- the quality of the location is more important than ever, that the retailers are stepping up for the best locations. They are not stepping up nearly as much though for the secondary locations, including not even -- not taking it, because they're not taking the part -- or grabbing the lesser rent at the secondary locations. They're just ignoring the secondary locations more and more and only choosing the primary. So we haven't seen it in our portfolio, but I think if you talk to others with portfolios, you may get a different answer.
Donald C. Wood: Maybe, Jeff, just what I'd add to that is that -- and the question kind of assumes that we were looking for an A- rating and that's really not the case. I mean, the driver for us is running the business such that we can get investors comfortable with the best chance for an increasing stream of cash flows. The fact that we've done it for a long time and, of course, we're always in front of rating agencies and, of course, we always want the highest possible rating that they will give us, but it's not like the business plan changes in order to achieve a particular rating, and that's kind of what I'm trying to say. So while we're out in front of them, and we always are, by the way, not just these last few months, but regularly, obviously over the years, I think it has much more to do with their comfort in the company's conservative philosophies for a long time. And so surely, A- beats BBB+ from a cost perspective. And if we were doing things that were significantly different in the business plan to achieve that A-, I think your question has a lot more validity and it's really right on point. But we haven't changed our conservative philosophy nor we do we expect it.
Donald C. Wood: Yes. Well, I won't give you -- it's not a square footage of lease that's signed or a square footage of leases to LOI or particular things like that. It is to significantly advance them all in the leasing of Assembly Row and Pike & Rose. That is the overall objective that is incremental to our normal overall objectives with respect to the rest of the portfolio, which obviously still applies. But the way ICSC is falling this year -- the way our projects are falling, if you will, in terms of construction starts, et cetera, relative to ICSC in Vegas, this should be -- it's a perfect time for us to be able to showcase what it is that we're doing and to take conversations further into the LOI phase and LOI conversations further into the lease signed phase.
Donald C. Wood: Not a clue, and let me -- not a clue. It seems like every manager has asked that every single year, every leasing person has asked that. And I can honestly tell you other than attendance numbers that I get through ICSC and how qualitatively the place feels, those are really the only measurements. It is so hard to be able to -- and you may read in the paper quotes from guys that say, "Wow, this was the greatest ICSC in the history of ICSC," or "It felt a little softer." So they're such subjective comments that the proof really is in the ensuing 6 to 9 months of lease productivity that includes ICSC as well as a whole lot of other factors. So real hard to get a gauge on what you're trying to ask.
Donald C. Wood: You just took it a little further than I'm willing to say right now. But yes, listen, the decision by IKEA from what I understand is, if imminent is too strong, it's not too far off. It's within a few months off. I've heard rumblings that they're not going to go forward. I've heard other rumblings that they're not finished yet with their decision-making process, and it's going to be what it's going to be. I can tell you there are a number of things. With the team starting and with the response that we've gotten thus far with our leasing. It's not nearly as important as it used to be. If they don't go forward, certainly we'll want it. We certainly have an interest in what happens on that piece of real estate from a standpoint of investing on it. But I suspect we won't be alone. There'll be others that would be all over that too.
Donald C. Wood: Cedric, it's a great question, I tried to get there before you even asked it. And we've talked about that ad nauseam here. We'd love to replace that role. Replacing that role is not easy. Finding the right person for that particular spot is not easy, and Michael fit it like a glove. So we can't just bring in, if you will, a mall guy. That kind of won't fit in over here and only takes -- only creates disharmony, if you will, on the team. So it's got to be the right guy. But we will actively look to replace that role, whether it's put together the same way we had with Michael or whether it's incorporated in a different -- within a different function with leasing, I'm not sure. But it was a very valuable role and we'll need it to keep going forward.
Donald C. Wood: Cedric, if you go back and you read my conference call comments starting from the third quarter of 2011, you'll see that I clearly became more bullish and more optimistic as I saw some results and some things I knew that were in the pipeline coming forward. That did improve those expectations, and that was consistent in terms of what I said in the last third quarter call, fourth quarter call and that's certainly again in this call. So clearly, I am feeling more bullish. What I'm not willing to say yet is whether I believe that over the next 5 years, over the next 7 years, that retail leasing, if you will, is out of the woods, because I don't know that yet. I want to see some more time pass. I still believe that the -- and I very much believe that the country is over retailed. I still believe that, that is the consistent and will continue to be. And so what that does is just make me and our whole team a lot more picky, if you will, about what deals we're doing, what -- from an acquisition side, from a leasing side, from a development side. Because you better be in a place where demand exceeds supply like Huntington. And there's just not -- there's a lot more places where supply exceeds demand. I wish I could tell you, move up your long-term NOI growth numbers from 2% to 2.7%, but I'm not in that frame of mind yet, I'm sorry.
Donald C. Wood: The other thing I'd like to add to that, Mike, is what's your big picture, what you ought to be thinking of is that upon delivery, as those developments are put into service, we certainly expect our balance sheet to look similar to the way it looks today. And so certainly, there may be a couple of bumps along the way in terms of a bigger equity slug or a bigger debt slug depending upon the marketplace. We're going to end up where we want to end up in a very similar position than we are today, coming 3 and 4 years ago, as we -- 3 and 4 years from now.
Donald C. Wood: No. It was -- in addition to the things I talked about before in Huntington, where we had some great leasing spreads, they are the same way at Shoppers, but we put in capital to get them. If you kind of took all that stuff out, and you look at the balance, it was definitely more broadly based. And so -- and that has been a continuation of a trend. As I say, other than Philadelphia, Philly has been flatter over the last 3 quarters, 3 and 4 quarters basically than it was earlier. So other than Philadelphia, which was pretty flat, the balance was broad based and stronger.
Donald C. Wood: It's -- I'll tell you, Mike, it is very -- it's pretty even spread when you start with the fourth quarter or so of this year. But it really gets going into the four quarters of 2013 and then the first 2 quarters or so of 2014, '13 and '14. It is pretty evenly spread, and you'll see it going out both at Assembly and you'll see it at Mid-Pike. Mid-Pike will be the bigger driver, because it is -- we're doing all of our capital, $250 million. At the same time, you'll see the residential outflow in the earlier part at Santana Row. So when you balance all this together, there won't be the need for a big chunk of capital to be funded in any particular corner. At least that's how we certainly plan it.
Donald C. Wood: Yes, I want them to see how much future potential there is at Santana Row and I want them to see how much future potential there is at West Gate and what is -- I want them to meet the West Coast team. Because I think that, look, a lot of investors are New York-based and when you do get out to California, you get out to L.A., you get out to San Francisco. And so a lot of investors still think of Santana Row as that big development project that Federal Realty did. But the bottom line is, this has been a stable operating asset now for 10 years. And showing how that has matured and when you look at how that has matured, plus now is the time to build out the balance of it over the next 5 years or something like that, I think you'll be -- I think investors will be very excited about that. I know I get very excited every time I go out there. So the ability to get a big group, I think we've got 60 or so of Federal Realty investors and some of them are our largest, most influential investors coming to that. So to be able to make that real and not just 0.5 hours in a wheat pack [ph] suite or something at NAREIT is a whole lot different. We're really excited about it.
Donald C. Wood: I can tell you, Stephen, it's always a driver. It's always going to be an important part of the lease rollover. And whenever -- basically when you look, it's pretty regularly 2/3 of what it is that we do is in renewals and 1/3 is in new leases. And that varies a little bit, but that's basically what happens throughout the company. When you look at those new leases, which is where we do expect to see some good increases in some of the deals that we're doing, they will move the numbers. They also tend to move the numbers for the small shop tenants around them. So you see -- this all hangs together in this business, particularly at Federal shopping centers, because they're not power centers. They'll have 2-year anchors with a lot of small shops around them, restaurants, other types of uses. So you'll see it all together. But clearly, junior anchors will play a big part of it.
Donald C. Wood: No -- certainly, every conservation we have with every retailer is all around where you guys are going, what you're trying to do. We're trying to obviously match their needs with our haves, if you will. And not surprisingly, that those conversations largely start with a location. And the better the location, the more flexibility of how much, how far off prototype they'll go, whether -- how creative they're willing to be. Can we do 2 floors stuff. All that kind of stuff goes with it. But I can tell you, we're extremely involved with every retailer that we deal with in terms of understanding where it is that their next prototype is going. And certainly, it's why one of the big reasons I believe that the country's over retailed. I absolutely believe that smaller GLA is in the DNA for a lot of retailers.
Donald C. Wood: I'd give you one real-life example. There's a -- we're not naming the property, there's a property in our backyard here in Rockville that is on the Pike, on Rockville Pike, that is being marketed that we are -- we didn't feel the same way as we felt about Montrose Crossing, which was a dominant, big piece of land, great corner, et cetera, which we would stretch for to get it done. This one is much smaller. It's much less important, frankly, to the job of leasing on the Pike. And we were in there up to a number that seemed to make sense for us and we got blown out of the water is what we hear. And so we're -- we were out it and there's a lot of other people chasing it and they're going to pay a big number. But we're pickier, it's just not dominant enough. So if we're buying it, it -- we have to be confident that demand will exceed supply, so it's got to be a dominant shopping center.
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes, Christy. We have the ability through the accordion feature on the term loan. That market is drying up, to some extent, on the 7-year basis. And at this point, I think it make sense for us to go as long as we possibly can based on where the market is currently. We're in a very good position where we're currently contemplating long-term debt, equity financing or a combination of both. From a near-term FFO perspective, the impact between long-term debt and equity has really minimal impact on FFO. And one of the things that we haven't seen yet is any real trading in our bonds since Fitch upgraded us to A-, and that's something that I want to get a better handle on, but indicative pricing currently on the 2 -- on the new 10-year note would probably be in the sub-4% range. And if we were to go really long and go out to, call it 30 years, we can go out and do something in the 5 1/4% range. So we're thinking through that right now. We're blessed with having a lot of options. It all comes down to the quality of the balance sheet, but we haven't affirmatively made a decision yet.
Andrew P. Blocher: Certainly, we consider everything. The issue with respect to the preferreds is, I feel like I get kind of a REIT market price with respect to the preferreds, which doesn't fully contemplate all the qualities that we have, which are reflected in things like senior unsecured notes and certainly with respect to our equity.
Andrew P. Blocher: I think that the range that we're talking about is probably going to be in the $3 million to $4 million range. There were -- there was one lease term fee in particular, for a tenant down at Third Street that was the biggest part of it. It was about $1.8 million of the $2.4 million total.
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes, Alex, great question. One of the things that I'm most proud of with respect to our upgrade is when we sat down and met with all 3 rating agencies, we were very upfront about the development pipeline, we provided conservative guidance as to how it could potentially be funded. And the fact of the matter is, if you read through all 3 of the 2 positive outlooks and the upgrade from Fitch, it notes that we need to maintain metrics that we've effectively been maintaining for 3 to 5 years. So it's not a matter of we ran our business in order to get to this upgrade. The upgrade is a logical conclusion from the way that we've been running our business. So there are no material changes in the way that we're thinking about the balance sheet, and no changes in the way that we're running things like those development projects, which is, it's the best way that we can get there. It's just the logical outcome from the way that we're running our business.
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes, Jeff, I don't really see it that way. I see -- the way that we presented it to the rating agencies was very much just a balanced approach. I think that we've demonstrated that over the long term, even prior to having the ATM. I think in the previous 8 years, we have raised equity 6 times in those previous 8 years. We've been very much focused on the unsecured debt markets and not so much on the secured debt markets. I just -- I don't think that, that -- I really saw that as a possible impediment that they got very, very comfortable with, not the size and scope of the development and how those projects were coming online. So I don't necessarily view that as a positive or a negative.
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes, I don't necessarily know that. It depends on the REIT. I think that for us, I mean, we are a consistent performer. And like I said, the way that we think about how it is that we run the company, which leads to a strong valuation, includes things like the consistency of our earnings, the level of the same-center pool where -- the solid base for which we have eliminated exposure to development and maintaining very well leverage. So I don't know that you can look at any one of those pieces in isolation. You have to look at the entire package.
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes. Mike, I tried to make it clear. Apparently, I didn't when I was answering Alex's question. From -- it's the reason why I made the comment earlier from an FFO perspective. The yield on the debt and the yield on the equity are somewhat comparable. Just from an FFO perspective, I'm not going to say that it's the same long-term cost. So both of those alternatives are contemplated within the range. Obviously, like I said earlier, we haven't seen trading in the bonds to reflect the A- rating from Fitch. I want to see that before we make a determination as to which path we're going to proceed under.
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes. I mean, the couple of things that would drive us from utilizing the ATM to kind of a standard way overnight type of deal would be the amount of equity that we wanted to get and the timing under which we wanted to get it. So if there is a determination that we need to get a bunch of it very, very quickly, that would be an indication of a regular way offering. The ATM has really just been a supplement to our capital-raising activities so we found useful in doing some matching and hitting the market in order to fund certain capital needs.
Andrew P. Blocher: What Don was saying is basically $0.01 a share, but 50 to 75 basis points on the same-store growth number.
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes, actually, we -- either we have or we will have, as part of our new shelf registration of recharge the ATM back to $300 million.
Andrew P. Blocher: That's correct. And Michael, remember, we have $50 million of excess cash on the balance sheet and an undrawn $400 million revolver. So that provides flexibility as well to the extent that marketing conditions change.
Andrew P. Blocher: Comfort range, I mean, I guess, Fitch most importantly, because they're the ones at A-. Kind of a 5.5 range for debt to EBITDA, fixed charge in the 3x type of range and absolute leverage about where we have it now. As I said in my earlier comments, if you go back and look historically, which I think they referenced in their release that they put out for this, you'll see that's really where we've been over the period of time, and the only time that we really got out of that is, as an example, fourth quarter of last year when we took on all of the debt with no associated EBITDA with PES and Montrose Crossing. So we are running our business the way that we would typically run our business. We just get the benefit associated with the better rating.
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes. I mean, we don't have that breakdown specifically on a go-forward basis, Stephen. I'm happy to pull it and we can...
