Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. It was essentially a mix with regards just what not done during the quarter. One of them was the grocer renewal that we had up but also just a broader mix. And obviously, the TIs, again, a mix of the leases that got done.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. The occupied percentage of small shop is 88%. And we would expect to be able to drive both of those up higher. I think that's a real opportunity. And up towards the occupied percentage above 90% and up towards north of 92% on the lease side. I think there's still more room to run on that our portfolio.
Daniel Guglielmone: Look, I think the biggest driver would be just continued strong leasing volumes. Our pipeline is as strong as is large in terms of what's been executed to date this quarter and what's in the pipeline of executed LOIs. It's never been higher. And so that continues, and we can see that continue. I think that obviously, we'll have some confidence. On the flip side, look, I think the market is -- got some risk out there, particularly with regards to tenants and whether or not tenants we'll be able to weather this difficult economic environment, whether or not we see a continued uptick in bankruptcies. And I think that balance, we've done very well balancing that. I think that we've managed to have very little exposure or on a relative basis, certainly, but just in absolute terms in terms of our exposure to those bankruptcies, we hope that continues.
Daniel Guglielmone: Look, we've done an exceptional job, I think, of bringing our SNO metric down from north of 300 basis points in our existing portfolio, down to 160 basis points. We'd like to get that tighter. We'd like to get that down to 100 basis points to 125 basis points. One of our differentiators though, is that we have an SNO and space that is yet to be delivered from our large redevelopment and expansion pipeline that is equal to that size. So we have $18 million in the existing portfolio, $18 million of total rent in our development, redevelopment and expansion pipeline and that equates to over 300 basis points. I think that's pretty compelling. And I don't think anybody has a redevelopment pipeline that has the pre-leasing that's been done, where it's something that is a real differentiator because we've got scale. And that truly, I think, the equivalent of what's in the existing portfolio and what's in the redevelopment portfolio. is effectively 300 basis points or more.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. No, I think -- look, it depends on so far of our 9 anchor boxes, we've only had one lease rejected. We'll see how it plays out. Obviously, if there's a full liquidation, then we're not going to be at 93% on an occupied percentage. We'll be probably closer to 92%. But we'll see how that all plays out. What gets somewhat that is in terms of what leases get purchased in there liquidation. And from that perspective, we would hope to have a clearer sense from that number as the bankruptcy unfolds.
Daniel Guglielmone: Probably on a total rent basis in the kind of the low to mid-20s and probably in the upper 30s on a -- mid- to upper 30s on a base rent basis. But we can come back to you with more precise numbers. I don't have them exactly here.
Donald Wood: Boy Craig, that's pretty funny. I love how we limited it to one question. You have a whole white paper in that question there. You are the best. So a couple...
Donald Wood: Not at all. Don't apologies at all. I'm just having just a little fun. Listen, the -- what you see in the 8-K is a continuation of what we believe, and that is the ability wherever we can to maximize the use of the real estate that we own, especially when we're talking about successful retail shopping centers with -- and you know ours are on bigger pieces of plant. And so the ability to add other uses is something that it's just part of our DNA and something we'd like to be able to do. Now I don't -- I would not -- you should not expect us to be running and putting shovels into the ground over the next nine months, 12 months at those projects because the economics don't make any sense today. I do expect them to make some sense in the future, and that's what that is supposed to convey. Now with respect to the overall mixed-use properties, the -- what we have clearly found, clearly found is that the demand for lots of uses in both office and retail and resi and hotel frankly at a really well-done mixed-use property is a real differentiator. It's where people want to be. It's why in the comments I made -- I'm talking about traffic counts that are really enormous. These are a lot of -- there's a lot of visits there, a lot of sales. They also seem to have the ability to raise their prices in places like that more than that more value-oriented properties. And I guess you would expect that Apple in areas, the Lulu Lemons of the world, et cetera, they can raise prices. And as a result, we see the ability to charge higher rents there. Now if we did that right on the ground floor, then we should also see outsized returns, both in the form of occupancy and the rates that we're getting upstairs in the other users. That's been our experience, frankly, since COVID, I think it's even stronger than it was before COVID.
Donald Wood: And I guess, Steve, I would only add to that. Yes, there might be some room in the 75 basis points. But I read the same things in the newspapers that you do, and its May 05 or May 04 or whatever day it is. By the way, Steve, my 25th anniversary at least, happy anniversary Don, right? It makes me laugh though because the power of the small shop tenants. And that Wendy mentioned is something I really want to make sure that you understand a little bit, we don't do kind of first-time mom and pops. We don't have those type of businesses here. They are almost always adding a store or adding a food use from a place that -- from strong cash flow at another location, whereby they're expanding into the third or the fourth or the fifth. There is that flight to quality. That's a critical component. So if this is anything like whatever happens this year or next year is anything like prior recessions, this is one of the strongest parts of our portfolio and the place that the differentiates us.
Donald Wood: Yes. And Greg, just to say the obvious, that is a difference. That is a difference in feeling. I don't think we could have said that. In fact, we didn't say it on the February call or maybe last November. So really happy about that decision at this point, too. Hopefully, it bears fruit. Time will tell. And with respect to 919, 919 it's really -- it's really interesting. 915, we haven't done 919 yet. On 915, we turned the building over the floors over to choice. Then they are building out their space. We will have a contribution from them next -- starting next year.
Donald Wood: Sodexo also, which, as you know, signed the lease, we're almost ready to turn the space over to them. That is going really well. And then -- so then -- so that's the 60-some-odd percent of the building that is completely leased. We have serious back and forth on a number of tenants for most of the rest of the building at this point. So it's pretty interesting at a time when, as you know, there can't be a dirtier word than office in the country is it possible that a subcomponent of all of us is actually undersupplied. And that's a component would that be mixed-use properties where you have a new building in a first ring suburb, which is obviously all we have. So I'm pretty encouraged by what we're seeing here at Road is certainly the same up at Assembly Row. And with new activity at Santana West, I hope we have something tell to you.
Donald Wood: Yes, Conor. It's it certainly wouldn't be areas with big population growth. The problem with big population growth means that there's usually room for a lot more supply to be added. And we want to be in supply-constrained areas. Nothing more supply constrained than Washington Street in Hoboken, and love the investment that we've made there. We're just getting into on the one redevelopment there, whether we can effectively make the numbers work. I'm very encouraged by that fact. I would not, again, expect to see us under construction in the next month or two or something like that. But that project is going to very likely make some sense. To the extent we can find more have it makes sense in markets where we already are like that. We'll look at it all day long. But that's the type of thing that's far more attractive to us than chasing headcount.
Donald Wood: Yes. No, it's a very good question. And I think I've answered this a couple of [indiscernible] but think about it this way. We need incremental returns or incremental returns on top of our cost of capital in terms of development of at least 150 basis points from an IRR perspective, more like 200 basis points from an IRR perspective. The reason I keep saying IRR perspective is because the stuff that we do in those projects, we won't do unless they grow faster. Our experience has shown us that those projects are -- we are able to increase rents faster. The residential component is important with respect to that. But incrementally, once we get comfortable with what our cost of capital is going to be, I'd like a little more clarity from the Fed. Maybe we're getting there -- getting a little bit closer that way on the debt side. On top of that, add 150 to 200 depending on the risk of the particular project from an IRR perspective. I hope that's helpful.
Donald Wood: I do, Derek, I mean you said the word in your question, there has to be some level of stability. There has to be predictability. And without that, as there hasn't been, as you know, it's sure, the bid-ask is very different. That will change. Now it will change over time, and there are other things than just Fed's that dictate whether there is or an acquisition market that makes sense for a disposition market that makes sense, but it's not going to stay the way it is. So yes, I mean, we run this business. We've run this business for a long term, long time. We'll continue to do that. And during those cycles, there will be a reversion to some level of stability that allows us to get stuff done. No questions.
Donald Wood: Paulina, thanks for asking that. it's kind of like in my prepared remarks, I wanted to make a distinction of how those mixed-use properties with generally higher-end tenants, how effectively they do. And what we have found -- and look, retail -- sorry, real estate is local. So in the specific markets where they are operating both historically and currently, what we're seeing is increased sales and importantly, very importantly, on a period of inflation, those tenants have the ability to raise prices. When I sit and I think about -- and I don't know the answer to this, but I ask you to consider something like this. If you take aspirational tenants, the Lulu Lemons of the world, people like that effectively. And imagine how much they've been able to increase prices over the next -- last two years of inflation and compare that more to maybe the big lots of the world or something that is aiming for a lower demographic. It's harder to press -- it's harder to push price increases. That's a really important thing for us in all parts that includes restaurants, et cetera. Now I don't know whether I've told you this before or not, I don't remember, but everybody was worried about Federal Realty going into the 2008, 2009, great financial crisis because we had more restaurants, because we had more lifestyle, if you will, everybody was worried about Federal, and it turned out that those were the best-performing categories in the company doing that. And when I look today at our company, and I look at the restaurant performance in the mixed-use properties, they are generating over $1,000 a foot of sales. And part of that is because they've been able to raise prices. Part of that is because there's a huge amount of volume that goes through there. But that gives them the ability to certainly cover the rents that we are charging them and more. And when you think about that in those type of areas, we would expect that to continue to happen. The conversations we have, and we are very tight, we're a smaller company in terms of number of properties than our competitors. We have very close relationships with our tenants. We understand what it is that they are doing to be able to work through difficult -- more difficult economic times. And so those things give me confidence because we have been doing this a long time, and there are cycles. And I expect it to behave similar to the way it's behaved historically. I hope that's helpful.
Donald Wood: Yes. We have and continue to have a list of assets that we would recycle as a component of our business plan. And frankly, we have that list in good times and bad times in terms of what it is. So those are not a lot of properties, but it's a few that we look at. The -- that's what we talked about last quarter, last year, et cetera. And we got to get comfortable that we're going to get paid well. And so in going through that process, we couldn't get comfortable on as many of those assets as we thought we could. That doesn't mean they come off the table. That just means pursuant to the question that was asked a little bit earlier, once there's some stability and some understanding of the general market conditions, you'll see a pickup in the disposition side of our business. I don't know, Dan or Jeff, is there anything to add to that? Think that's it.
Donald Wood: Thanks, Alex. It has panned out the way we thought. In fact, probably better than we thought in terms -- given the fact that we didn't consider a global pandemic, and those properties performed exceptionally well during the pandemic. What -- the answer to your question really depends on the right local partner. It really depends on the market, of course, that we need to be comfortable with and a partner that we would need to be -- that we would need to be aligned with, with respect to our views and the way we can manage a property. Prime Store has been that. It's been a very good partnership. We've had trouble adding more to it. We would have wanted to have added more to it. But those are individual deal by deal, and they've got to make some sense, and we didn't find any of that made sense. But those assets perform really well. I'll actually be out there on Monday of next week with Prime Stores. So that part's worked out really well. In terms of any other property type with a demographic that we're not as comfortable with, as I say, we need the right partner because these are real estate decisions that have to be operated and have to be leased and have to be grown specific to a market and if we're not familiar with, we'll get hurt. So we better have the right partner, and we've not found that at this time.
