Dan G: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. We're going to change things up for this quarter's call and I will kick things off before handing it off to Don. There's a first for everything. I will take you through the results for the quarter with an initial focus on the major impact facing Federal and every company in the retail sector, collectability of rental income and the reserves we are taking due to the impact of COVID-19. Our approach at Federal to collectability and revenue recognition has historically and consistently been more conservative than the balance of the retail sector. To provide clarity on that point let me refer you to our most recent 10-Q which includes our disclosed policies around revenue recognition and accounts receivable on pages eight and nine.  And I'm reading when collection of substantially all lease statements during the lease term is not considered probable, total lease revenue is limited to the lesser of revenue recognized under accrual accounting or cash receipt.  If leases currently classified as probable or subsequently reclassified as not probable any outstanding lease receivables, including straight-line rent receivables would be written off with our corresponding decrease in rental income. Now, what that means from a practical perspective is when we move a tenant from accrual accounting to cash accounting, we do not view the rent owed to us as necessarily uncollectable. It just means that the probability of collection of the contractual revenues under the entire term of the lease is below the threshold of what we deem is probable. We will continue to fight to collect every penny of rent due from that particular tenant, for that particular space, it is simply based on our judgment, the decision to recognize revenue for those tenants when the cash is actually received in accordance with the relevant accounting standard, as opposed to recognizing the revenue on an accrual basis when the cash has yet to be received. So for the second quarter, our FFO was $0.77 per share was meaningfully impacted by collectability adjustments for the quarter of $55.2 million or $0.73 per share. This collectability adjustment can be broken down into two components, the first component $45.8 million for uncollected rents from tenants that one we already have on a cash basis, primarily most of our restaurants and two, tenants that we switched from accrual to cash accounting over the course of the second quarter due to the impact of COVID-19 on their business. The majority of that second group is comprised of tenants in the fitness and entertainment category, but also includes tenants who declared bankruptcy during the quarter, or others we deemed to be below the probable threshold. Additionally, there was a $9.4 million write-off of the straight line, rent receivable, essentially associated with tenants in that second group I just mentioned. Other drivers which impacted the quarter include $0.08 of drag due to the impact of COVID-19 on our hotel joint ventures, parking revenues and percentage rent and $0.07 of drag due to the higher interest expense given the incremental liquidity and balance sheet strength we are carrying during the pandemic. This was offset by $0.05 of positives from lower expenses at both the property and corporate level. As a result, including the collectability adjustments this totals a net $0.83 of COVID-19 related impacts for the quarter. I'm going to stop here and hand the reins over to Don for his remarks. I will be back however, to close things out before Q&A. 
Dan G: I think you answered that. Just to get back to your previous question, roughly of the $55 million adjustment, roughly about 10%, you know, $5 million or $6 million was associated with the bankrupt tenants. 
Dan G: Well, I don't think we have answers specific answers where we bifurcated kind of into those kinds of buckets. There's a bunch that won’t make it, there's a bunch that we think we can work with to get them through it. But I don't have a percentage, specific percentage of what fall into each of those buckets, I think… 
Dan G: The one thing I would say to you, I'm sorry, man. The one thing I would say to you Ki Bin is you know, it's hard to imagine from my perspective that that was not comprised in the stock. We're up 40% right from six months ago. And if you go, if you look going forward, will there be rent pressures? Of course there will be rent pressures. We're up 40%. Do you think these properties are worth 40% less than they were six months ago? Where the billion dollar Assembly Row be sold for 600 million today because of those concerns? Not at all. It's been over, it's been overpriced. I get it. I understand the uncertainty and why but I got to think that's priced in even if there is and there will be pricing pressure from lower cost operators going forward. 
Don Wood: I'll tell you Craig, I appreciate that question a lot because if you could be around and there's certainly the mix use centers and even the more lifestyle other centers that we have, you would be blown away by the traffic and because they are open air because they are part of the community in which people already are living in. And frankly, because of the markets that we're in, you see mass everywhere, people being extremely diligent with what they're doing. And, specifically in the markets that we're in, which were closed first and opened up really very recently in terms of that, what I'm most thrilled about is that their comfort with our places.  Now, we were also, I think really early in putting out almost completely across the portfolio, the pickup, which allowed for a landlord coordinated effort for tenants to effectively, for consumers to pick up goods from merchants, that landlord coordinated piece goes right to the heart of your question. That's what's necessary. And I can tell you no matter how much it's being used or not being used based on any particular shopping center, you know what really helps? It really helps prospective tenants because those tenants say this landlord gives a crap and is in it with us. And that notion of partnership throughout this, I honestly think is going to be one of the most critical parts of who wins if you will, on the other side of this. And that's what we're executing on. 
Don Wood: Well, that's a TBD, you know, one of the things that I think as you kind of think about longer term here, you know, and I made a point about the tenants who are really struggling in the fact that they want to stay in our centers generally, and that's the case. And then the short term, we're going to want them to stay in our centers. What failing tenants are, not who we want over the long term they create value in our shopping centers. We do want to see who emerges here. And I can't give you specific names. If I gave you the specific names, it would sound very much like the lifestyle type of tenants that the war bees in the world that we've been talking about in the past. It's not about that. It's about over the next year or two, the opportunistic money that gets behind new concepts or reinvigorates old concepts that choose the best real estate in the marketplace.  That's what we're seeing Craig, that the conversations that Wendy Sear or that Berkus, and Sweetman along the West Coast, or Stobel here on the East coast are having are all about how do we get better real estate? And who's going to be in there with us. And what do you guys do to make this all work together, frankly, they're playing right to our strengths. And so the combination of all those things, not one piece of it is what in our view gives us the competence that where we will be a more differentiated company, not less differentiated on the other side of this. 
Don Wood: So it is, I’ll let Melissa add to this or Dan add to this if they want but the notion and I'd like you to think about this first is our dividend, okay, that, this was the last dividend for 2020 that counts in taxable income 2020. Our November dividend will be paid in January, so that'll be the first one for 2021. And that's a little bit different than other companies. So I want to give you that that perspective.  Certainly, with respect therefore to the roughly $320 million of dividends that were paid this year. In fiscal 2020 that is in excess by something like $40 million of our taxable income and what that would be okay. Now, first of all, it's August 5th, and a lot has to happen between now and the end of the year from a taxable income perspective. Some of it could be surprising good, some of it surprising bad, but we got a lot of flexibility there. So, did we pay more than we had to pay in 2020? Sure, we did. And the reason for that, and I'm glad you asked, because I really want to get into this a little bit is that we built this company to be able to power through recessions. And when I say the company, not just the balance sheet, the quality of the assets the diversity is a real estate. This is a recession. Albeit a very unusual one. I got it. We went into this with one of the lowest payout ratios, a dividend payout ratios going in. So certainly we can pay it, then you got to ask well, why would we pay it if we don't have to. And in the end, at the end of the day, it's all about our belief in the outlook, and where we're going. It's all about our belief and effectively not only being able to get getting back to not paying more than we have to, as we did in 2020, but more importantly, growing and creating value.  And so there is, I would have to be a whole lot more pessimistic about the future than I am today for us to have cut that dividend. And, everybody always says their long term and focus. Let me tell you, we’re long term in focus. We know what has to happen on the other side of this. And so sorry to be a little long winded about that Dan, but I'm pretty darn passionate about this company's ability to come out of this crisis really strong. So that's why and it's a little more in your text link of questions, but it all ties together. 
Don Wood: Imagine this. And now just think about this for a second, right. If you're looking to do deals right now, you're certainly looking for value right for deals, that's, frankly, not much different than it's ever been. But the big thing, when you’re talking about, that's so critical, if you don't really know who your potency is going to be, you really don't know today, if you're getting a cheap deal, who you're going to be doing business next to? What that shopping center is going to feel like look, there is a big risk to signing for any mini, for any anchor or even mini anchor. A 15 year deal, when you don't have that visibility. The additional rent to be in the dominant centers seems to pale in comparison to the sales, being able to underwrite what you think you're going to do in business.
Don Wood: I don't know. I think they kind of go together, with us at least, and you were certainly a smaller company than some of the big guys in terms of GLA. And so, a few deals, make those leasing spreads be what they are. And so, you'll see volatility in that the strength in the second quarter was a couple of deals and the single biggest one was taking very old Bed Bath and beyond Buybuy Baby space at Huntington, which is a great shopping center in terms of location and trading up for Whole Foods, at a big rent. So I mean, that, that moved the needle in this quarter, hopefully every quarter, bears a few of those, sometimes there are, sometimes there's not, but what we're working hard to do is to maintain occupancy and that does mean we'll defer or abate or change contracts more readily, certainly on the restaurant side, the idea of a restaurant where you're going to defer your money and they're going to have to pay it back next year.  I mean, that's a fool’s errand in most situations except for a large well capitalized company, right? I mean, if you were running a restaurant, would you take your last few hundred thousand dollars in a savings and try to open back up only to know you're going to pay it all to your landlord in next year? No, I mean, there has to be a realization, an honesty about assessing the current situation and then know that you'll make your money with that occupancy with the deal that give you a chance to make it back and with new deals, because tenants are looking at well occupied shopping centers, that's our MO in terms of how we're approaching this. So you're certainly going to see lower vacancy or higher vacancy rather, a lower number there and you're certainly going to see pressure on rents in certain places, but overall, you got to feel really good about the demand drivers of a portfolio like this. 
Don Wood: Look, I think we've spent years and years of building the credibility we have, and I think it's evident that we were able to on, in the midst of all the uncertainty of early May, and was able to raise the capital that we did over a billion dollars from our banks. And so our access to capital continues. I think that we will, we've done in the past show balance. And then as I think we are going to be opportunistic with regards to keeping leverage, kind of inline with kind of our long-term goals, our long-term metrics. Our metrics are going to be impacted our net debt to EBITDA will go up, our coverage ratios will go down as we work through over the next few quarters. But we will be opportunistic, whether it be through asset sales or joint venture capital, or even issuing equity, when we see opportunities in the market, we will keep a diversified source, the spectrum of capital sources available to us. And as we work through it, we'll avail ourselves to kind of the all of those sources as we move forward. But our intention is to kind of take advantage of the market as it's available, while keeping our long-term focus on leverage profile in line with historic levels. 
Don Wood: I'll say one more thing to you, Christy, on this, you know, long term problem that we always have to deal with is with asset sales is covering the tax gain. And we have to 1031 everything and it's hard. And the idea of looking at that as a potential source of a piece of our capital is on the table for us right now, which I think is an interesting, additional tool in the toolbox that we didn't have as easily before.
Don Wood: No, certainly not all those tenants are on a percentage rent basis, that still -- still exception rather than the rule, Greg. I don't have a number for you all the way through here, I, as you correctly point out the 60 tenants that as the 60 restaurants that we had identified initially as critical to the property we worked with early that has continued and grown through the portfolio as in certain other situations, it's useless and so, we're not working with them, we're simply holding a line and trying to get paid contractually with whatever they've got left because they're not going to make it.  So it really gets down to a one by one, on a one by one basis and next time you can travel and we can be around. Let me walk you through a Pike and Rose or Befesa Row or Santana Row certainly and trying to show you the broader issue in terms of how this stuff works. I know you're trying to put numbers in a modeling, make percentages work, and somehow tied to something in the second quarter. Then I could care less about any longer, but, but nonetheless, the real key is kind of understanding how those deals are going to financially work going forward. And more importantly, what they're going to do for other tenants in that shopping center going forward. I don't know Dan, if you've done anything specific for this question.
Don Wood: I think call it 30% of our unpaid rent, we have deferral agreements with, we probably have another 20% kind of in conversations and a handshake agreements on, even more with that. So yeah, we're making progress. Negotiations are ongoing. We're trying to be really, really tactical and strategic with regards to those conversations. And so it's a bit of a moving target, but we feel good about the progress we're making and kind of resolving, some of the unpaid rent and coming up with solutions and in some situations, we're kind of viewing it as, hey look, you have a contract, you need to pay it. And so, we'll find that out. But that's I think in process at the moment, Mike.
Don Wood: Yeah, that's a good question. I don't know the answer to that might be the hotels, the two hotels were closed for most of the second quarter, obviously have opened up now are still trending something like 20% occupancy, 30% so certainly not making any money that's for sure. And parking revenue, interestingly is coming back, and I'm using that based on what I know and visually see at Pike and Rose at Santana Row, et cetera, because the traffic is up. So back to where it was of course not but we’re trending in the right direction. 
Don Wood: But Ki Bin you know, I mean, the bottom line is, this was from the beginning. We are not negotiating with tenants that we don't believe will make it, right. If we don't think, we're looking at our best chance for success, and sometimes the best chance is to simply default the tenants pay very quit, try to evict, I mean, sometimes those are the best answers. And so we're using, generally when you're talking about a tenant, the 15 tenants that filed bankruptcy, there wasn’t one surprise of those 15 tenants that filed for bankruptcy. So we didn't sit there and abate or defer rent with those tenants in any meaningful way. Why? Cause it wouldn't help with respect to what they're going to do. And the same applies to smaller tenants. So I, obviously, I don't know that percentage differences, but I can tell you philosophically how we approach each of those guys, so I don't know if that's helpful to not. 
Don Wood: We don't think that we're going to lose that many of them candidly. So it's probably 1%, from the closures that we kind of expect. But most of that haven’t happened yet.
Don Wood: Linda, one of the things I think that's one of our strengths is that we really look at sell from a real estate perspective. And so having the expertise to be able to convert and redevelop and repurpose is something that I think is a real benefit to us. So we don't look at it. We look at it economically and try to figure out what the highest and best uses of that piece of real estate is. So whether it's a second floor of the floor, the amount of the amount of fitness and second floor, second floor space that we've already taken out and created high value office in is pretty interesting certainly at Santana and with respect to the ability to have properties that now with more vacancy can be turned into residential and retail, more mixed use properties. We look at that stuff that way. So it very much depends on the property, but we can do all of those things. 
Don Wood: Yes. That's a very good question, Floris. I mean, look, the uncertainty of capital means that the bar is higher, you happen to pick one in Lord and Taylor at Balla where, I mean, I've been dying to do something on that piece of land for the better part of 15 years. There it's just an underutilized great piece of land. Now, what COVID just did was made lower Merion township more important than lower Merion township was pre COVID. So, so the answer is always going to start with the real estate, and it's always going to start with the, the ability to create value on that real estate, that's an easier one. For some of them that are less easier yet they have a higher hurdle that they got to fight for, but for us, it's not only that initial ability to redevelop it’s what is it that we see from the long-term growth. And I think I know you're familiar with Gary and I think you'll see like what we're doing at Gary and there has been enhanced by COVID, not hurt by COVID because of where we are. So I think we start with a leg up on that stuff.
Don Wood: Well, first of all, Alex, I'm so glad you got a question in as the last question, because I was worried that before this call, I was missing you greatly, so it's good to talk to you. With respect to and I don't have an answer on Lebanese Taverna, exactly expect we've gotten to the concepts from them that had just opened, so that's good. Getting that aside. I kind of, I spent a lot of time on the dividend because it's not just one or two or three things. It really is a myriad of everything. And so, when the question came down about capital raising a little bit I mean or and Dan was answering what, how we look at the balance sheet going forward and how we're going to effectively finance. There is, I'd be lying to you, if I didn't say to you that we have a level of confidence in our ability to raise money from a wide variety of sources, whether that's equity or debt or joint ventures or asset sales or whatever, because they all comes not only from our history of being able to do that, but they, at the end of the day, the condition that this real estate is the best real estate out there is it's just real. So we're going to have in our view more opportunities than most to be able to raise capital. That's an important component of what's happened here.  Also, there's no doubt as I talked about, at the property level, if you were with us and you were working in Federal and we were meaning as I do with Wendy every day or every other day, at least. And with Jeff and with Don, you would have a good hands on sense for the desirability of that real estate and the deals that are coming through and can come through to on a long-term basis to be able to get that done. And that would give you another the level of confidence.  So, there will be equity raises on the other side of this. This company has effectively been built to be able to provide an equity investor or return that comes from appreciation, as well as the dividends. And it's a critical component, so in our estimation for the type of investors that we want, because those are long term investors. And so the combination of those and five or six or seven other things suggest to us that at this point in time, we should continue the dividend. Now the raise, the $3 million incremental costs that it costs us by going up a penny that's everything, it sets the record, we're going to pay $80 million, the notion of and ruining the record. We shouldn't do that. So the incremental three that's based on our history, it's just three in terms of the raise, the natural payments, it's on everything I was talking about previously.
Don Wood: Yeah. It's a real complicated one and Jeff is on the phone. He can certainly answer, but we've talked about that. I don't know, at least I half a dozen times with Berkes we'd sit there he said, how are we going to figure out what to do on that? And every time we looked at it, the costs and moving tracks and time and all that is just, more.
A –Dan G: Let me give you two people. Let's have Wendy talk about that, for more of our traditional shopping centers and focus maybe on the West Coast, in terms of some of the street retail stuff. 
A –Dan G: I want to add one thing to both of those comments. You know, I don't want you to, and maybe I'll throw a little cold water on it. I don't want you to think we are Pollyannish and don't understand the severity of what's going on in the country. Of course we do. Of course we don't have great predictability of when things turn and really what that means. Obviously the timing of the vaccine, all this stuff that obviously we don't know, so all we can do is make business decisions today based on what it is that we know and Wendy's conversation just, conversation and ours has been about is we see a path. We see a path forward. We know what to do to try to be able to execute, to get there there's enough raw material that suggests that there's a good probability that that can happen. Again, who knows, but today, which is why you see the results you see in the second quarter. You bookkeep based on what you know today and then you work for tomorrow. 
A –Dan G: So I don't know, that's a hard one to answer because it depends on a specific deal and the specific circumstance. I mean, you know, how much, I think, you know, how strongly I believe in the integration of those uses at big mixed use properties. It's important now, is that different for a standalone office building across the street from Santana Row, maybe right? I mean, it's just, it's not as integrated as the office buildings that have retail under them and are part of it. So we could look at that differently for example, I'm not saying we will not saying we are, but I'm trying to give you the level of detail in the considerations that have to be thought through, because there's not a direct answer to your JV questions.  I would really have a hard time at Assembly Row effectively selling off an office building or a residential building that was part and parcel of our product project. I would much rather if it, you need to look at it, we would look at it as a passive partner that that border percentage of the whole thing. So it depends on, I don't know, JB if you want to add anything more to that, that's kind of how I see it though.
A –Dan G: Yeah, roughly the exposure its total exposure to all 15 names that we had on that list was roughly in the 3% little over 3% of our total revenues. So not a huge number. All of the tenants on that list have been taken to cash basis with the exception of one because this happened right at the end. And that's Men's Warehouse or Taylor Brands. 
A –Don Wood: Dan, I will echo that, on the West coast, very impressed by kind of how tenants have behaved since getting through April and May, when a lot of them are really trying to figure out where their business was headed. It seemed like a little bit of a corner was turned in June and the volume of serious discussions picked up and activity on LOI and lease negotiations picked up. As Wendy said, we have a pretty robust pipeline of those discussions and negotiations going on right now. It is broad based, not only in our more traditional community centers, but also in our mixed use and lifestyle properties.  And what we're seeing in the latter really is two things. One, continued interest to expand their fleet within our portfolio from tenants that we've done deals with before, as well as a lot of new conversations from tenants that don't have a lot of legacy issues but understand that if they are going to open a handful of stores, opening them in the best possible locations is critical. And discussions with those tenants in both groups have picked up and are progressing well over the last couple of months. So too soon to tell, obviously if all the deals that are in the pipeline get done and sure a few will drop out, but we're pretty impressed with it, with the discussion so far. And hopefully that shows up in the results in a couple of quarters. 
A –Don Wood: No question about it, Christy. It's interesting. I'm going to start with the more obvious ones. Restaurants are not so obvious, restaurants I’m pretty darn positive, feeling pretty good about frankly, in terms of not only their importance to our centers, their ability to generate business and pay us rent on a percentage basis will be number of them but going forward. But again, in our places, I think we can make money that way. I do think the harder ones are theaters and fitness centers. I do think that, and the reason I think that in fact, I'm actually going to take a little tangent as you would expect me to Christy, but everybody keeps saying our second quarter was conservative. Even Dan said, and his remarks were conservative. I got to tell you, I don't see it that way. And let me tell you why. I mean, first of all the punch in the gut, what have we book kept in the period that has been incurred? That's the second quarter. And so if you sit there and say, today that that theaters or fitness operators have figured out what their business plan is on the other side of it and what rent they can pay us, I would tell you a really, to your point, I'm not sure what a movie theaters ability to pay the rents that are in place or a fitness centers ability to pay the rents that are in place over the next decade, which is what you're being asked to say, in accounting by streamlining that stuff. I don’t think you can. I don't think that's conservative. I think that's realism.  And so, sitting and saying, okay, that piece of our income which is a few percent, right, I know what theaters and, fitness is 4, experiential is 2. So there's 6% there that I agree with you. We do not have the visibility. Restaurants are so different in terms of each one of them what they are, what their owners financial position looks like, what they're willing to do, et cetera. And frankly, so critical to how the entire place works, that we are absolutely working with those important restaurants. And we identified this on March 18th, that was going to be a critical group for us to effectively go.  So those are more individual answers to your questions. I'm sorry to tell you I'm not sure the answer on the theatres and on fitness. But I think that's the only honest answer that's possible today. 
A –Don Wood: You’re right on it, man, I’ve been preaching on this for a while, the total occupancy cost matters. Of course it matters. Does it matter to the level that it used to in a lot of businesses uh, uh. So when you sit and think about it, all the stuff that Wendy talked about earlier on this call and Jeff talked about earlier on this call, in terms of the considerations of what makes a business profitable is obviously including the online business, the ability to pick up goods in the store. I'm telling you man, this notion of what we're doing with respect to the pickup having a landlord coordinated effort here is really big, and it's big in what you're asking about, and that is, what are the tenants asking about in these negotiations? What are the differentiators that matter? We always knew it was the location, obviously. But more and more, it's about the co-tenancy, it's about those other services, it's about that tenants being comfortable that the landlord is working part and parcel with them to make them successful in total for the businesses. It's a more holistic approach.
