Donald C. Wood: Yes, that's fair, Jeff. The IKEA land and what happens on that IKEA land, as you know, we're looking at a couple of things, and one is a sizable office deal. And as we work through the structure, I guess, if we had our way, that would be more somebody else's capital, primarily. The ability to establish that piece of land and, effectively, the whole assembly area, as an office location, would be huge to the future value creation of the rest of Assembly. I don't really think we need to be putting a lot of our capital to work to accomplish that. So that's our preference and I'll give the same caveat that I wrote[ph] gives us, to the extent the deal makes an awful lot of sense to put our capital out, we'll certainly do that. But my preference would be to structure it with somebody else's capital.
Donald C. Wood: Yes. I love to talk about The Pointe. I think Jeff is on the call from California. If you are, Jeff, can you handle that? That will be great.
Donald C. Wood: It's a couple of things. There's absolutely a trend, by the way, in our business of -- especially the national tenants trying to take advantage of our lower cost of capital and looking for money from landlords. That's not just Federal, that's anybody. And I will tell you, certainly to the extent it's -- not the comparable stuff, to the extent it's the new stuff, that's all included, obviously, in our development yields, where the number to be[ph] . In terms of the normal day-to-day stuff, you are seeing -- I mean, when I look at it, I mean, we're at $20 a foot, or so, this quarter on TIs. And that's probably pretty representative of what it's going to be, going forward, yes.
Donald C. Wood: I think they will be. But I got to tell you, this is still a small company. It's still a 20-million-square-foot portfolio that's going to turn 1.2 million, 1.3 million, 1.4 million feet per year, and so a few deals impact that. It just makes it -- it makes it more lumpy. I can absolutely tell you, Mike, that as we sit back and we look, and I think we did a pretty good job at this up at Assembly, we kind of showed you that the in-place rents of this company are $24 or $25, something like that, overall, and then that the deals we've been doing have been in the 30s relatively consistently, I think, very consistently. So the -- there's no question that the -- that's a 30% increase in mark-to-market, if you use that as a surrogate for mark-to-market. And we expect that to be sticky as it continues. But that does not mean that every 3 months, when we report results, that there won't be a deal or 2 or 3 that bring down that trend, but that's the overall trend that we're very comfortable with.
Donald C. Wood: Just to be clear, I mean, we absolutely intend, to the extent the markets are favorable to us, to take 2014's debt out this year. We absolutely intend to do that, whether we're able to get there or not. If that's the case, 2014 would benefit from the lower interest expense for the entire year, though we have the prepayment costs this year. That's what...
Donald C. Wood: That's very, very, very astute, Mike. And the way you can look at it basically is growing from the first quarter through the second quarter. The second quarter will be high. The third quarter will be high. And then the fourth quarter coming off a little bit. Yes, there will be some of those costs that continued into 2015. But if you ran a bell curve and you peaked at somewhere in the May, June, July, August, September timetable, you'd be in good shape, I think.
Donald C. Wood: Craig, it's a very fair question. Let me just take this question and make it look fuller for a second. A lot of people would say, "Oh gosh, if you believe so much is the street retail and the mix of your stuff, why wouldn't that be everything that you did?" Because in -- absolutely, our strongest growth does come from properties like Bethesda, but it also comes from the Congressional Plazas and the Barracks Row, larger necessity-based centers, too. The reality is, Craig, the necessity-based stuff that we have, because of locations, it's very, very good. And it's really, really important. I mean, we talked about that growing at 3% to 3.5%. That's pretty darn strong in terms of growth. We want that here. The ability to supplement it with these projects that we're talking about, and including street retail, the street retail in the portfolio, that has kind of a longer-term, better growth prospects to it, is kind of like icing on the cake. So I would say that with respect to the street retail stuff that we've had for a long time, we've got some pretty darn good growth inherent in there. The idea of going out and buying street retail at 4% and having some of those leases be very, very flat is a whole -- is not particularly appealing. So like everything else, whether it's necessity-based or street retail, the devil is in the details in terms of the lease terms. We've got the -- we've got some strong growth in our existing street retail, larger, generally, than necessity-based stuff. But necessity-based stuff is pretty good, too.
Donald C. Wood: I don't know. It really gets down to the -- I hate to make a general comment like that, because it really does depend on the particular piece of land. I will say this, larger shopping centers have much more flexibility. I certainly would prefer, whether it's a suburban shopping center in Wynnewood, Pennsylvania or a street retail project, to the extent it's a bigger piece of land, there's more stuff that winds up happening to it. And the thing that hurts that the most are the big national tenants that have lots of rights to their leases to restrict development. That's the -- that's probably the single biggest thing that creates those kinds of issues. They require money to get the -- to get what they -- to get done what you want done, and that makes the deals harder to make, economically.
Donald C. Wood: I hope so. I hope so, Jason. I hope so, Jason. But that's, again, going to come down to the same answer I gave before with respect to the mark-to-market on the entire portfolio and the general trend, which is very positive, but any particular quarter could surprise you negatively.
Donald C. Wood: It doesn't enhance the ability to get out of the JV. Frankly, we've got a great relationship with Clarion and don't see the need to. The properties are performing well. They're very happy with where we are. And at the appropriate time, one of us will buy out the other. There's pretty much no doubt about that. We're not -- if we want to force something now, we could force something now. We don't need the mortgage coming due and make that happen. We just don't see the need to do that.
Donald C. Wood: Beyond -- I'm sorry I was thinking about the IKEA parcel, which I did talk about before. On the building that we're building, lots of interest, and we're working through the process. That building is behind because we started it later. It's behind the other 3 buildings there. But yes, so we have a little bit more time to go do -- to get that done. But good interest, I don't have anything to report today, though.
Donald C. Wood: Sure. I mean, that probably -- yes, so our occupancy cost have trended up probably 50 to 75 basis points. They were in the low-8s. They're probably at 9-or-so now. And I think -- just coming back to the other point, I think that retailers can pay more than 75 or 100 basis points more than they did a few years ago, too. So I think the general dynamic of the economics are better than they were.
Donald C. Wood: Yes, we're not at the point of a big office product -- project at all, Samit. The second phase, I think I've given you some -- a number of about $200 million, give or take. It won't be a lot more or a lot less than that. It'll be somewhere in that range for the next phase of Pike & Rose. And the primary thing to do next at Pike & Rose is to build the street. So while in the first phase, the residential really will make or break the project, the second phase, the retail becomes much more important, because it is that street environment that we need for future phases. So yes, the entitlements and our negotiations with the county have gone very, very favorable, and they include the ability to do a whole lot more over time, but we do it in phases. We do it in pieces, and a $200 million next phase or somewhere in that range, but if it's $250 million or $180 million or something like that, we'll see -- will be primarily our capital.
Donald C. Wood: Yes, let me just add to that, Samit. The answer is time, as Jimmy just said. But when -- you noticed that we took the 5% to 7% that was in the numbers down to 5% to 6%, and I wanted to specifically address that. That's simply because it will be 5% to 6% in this first phase, in the first -- in the -- after it's all leased up in the first phase. What -- we do certainly expect that first phase to be yielding 7% or more as the tenants -- as sales increase and that the destination itself becomes proven. Like the first phase at Pike & Rose, there, we think, based on the demand we're seeing, will be an announcement about a second phase of Assembly that does not have anything to do with the IKEA parcel, as we've talked about there, again, to build that street and to create additional critical map. Those are the things that have to happen to create the upside in the NOI. It's exactly why I showed it in Bethesda in terms of what has happened by stage and by phase over the years. It's exactly what has happened as we make every incremental investment in Santana. And so that's what I expect to see here. But when you look at the initial yield, 5% to 6% is much more reasonable today than 5% to 7%.
Donald C. Wood: Yes, so it's straight out renewals because option renewals wouldn't be in those numbers, right? So it's all renewals, Vince.
Donald C. Wood: Look, 95.5% or so is what we -- where we believe peak occupancy is in this -- I'm not using the word peak, I'm using the word optimal occupancy. It may be able to get to 96%. But generally, we think we get what -- I saw recently, the Tanger numbers are up in the 98s and stuff. That's a -- I guess, in that business, that's possible to do. In this business, when we find that we're there, we are leaving money on the table. There is a balance between rates and occupancy, just like there is in the hotel business and everything else, Chris. And so you really have to think about optimal occupancy somewhere between 95.5% to 96% for this portfolio. It doesn't mean we can't get to 96.5% or something like that, but I'm actually critical of that because I want to make sure we're really pushing the rents. And that's, on a long-term basis, in my view, is much more valuable than giving away space.
Donald C. Wood: I think the 2 of those come together. Now at -- so the leased and physical in the ideal world are the same thing. Obviously, at any one time, they can vary one way versus the other. But I use that, Chris, interchangeably when I talk about 95.5% to 96%. So I don't want you to think there's no room to go in occupancy. There is room to go in occupancy, and off of where we are. It's just not anywhere near where our competitors think they can be because it's a different type of portfolio.
Donald C. Wood: Chris, before you hang up, I just wanted to give you some perspective. I'm just looking at something that's pretty cool here. In the fourth quarter of 2007, all right, we were 96.7% leased; 95.4% occupied, those were the high-water marks in terms of that. Every other period of time, over the last 10 years, we were somewhere, when you talk about the great days, between 95.5% and 96%.
James M. Taylor: And Mike, just to clarify that, and thanks for drilling in on it, that $0.04 to $0.05 of marketing relates really to initial-phase marketing as we open up these 2 large mixed-use projects that we don't expect to incur on an ongoing basis. As Don said, a lot of that will be coming in the second and third quarter. And then the other element of that $0.10 that you referred to is really just the lease-up drag, if you will, at the multi-family units we're delivering, where we're going to be incurring full operating costs and no longer capitalizing interest as we lease those apartment units up.
James M. Taylor: That's right. But we've also got other potential development opportunities that we may be delivering, or beginning and delivering to 2015. So a little bit hard to provide a lot visibility on the absolute level of growth '14 to '15. But you're on the important point, which is the value creation that's underway today, that NOI will be coming on to the company in 2014 and '15.
James M. Taylor: I wish the mortgage were a negotiation. The lender there can expect us to basically prepay all the interest if we go to do that early. Given the rate on that mortgage, at 7.5%, the earliest that we can repay without penalty is in the May, June time frame. Then we do have the 590 notes that, I believe, mature in the August, September time frame that would be subject to a call with a make-whole. So there's really not a lot of negotiation with it. It's really more driven by our view of the market at a particular time and the execution we think will be available to us.
James M. Taylor: We would for a period of time. It takes 30 days to call the notes. And typically, there's a 30-day notification period under the mortgages.
James M. Taylor: We've got some good things in the works, Tayo, that we're not really ready to talk about. But from a cap rate perspective, for high-quality core, we really haven't seen any movement in those cap rates, even with the treasuries being volatile. In fact, if anything, some of the recent transactions that have been announced have surprised us with how low the cap rates have been, including assets in Westport, Connecticut and other things that we've looked at. So -- but we feel good about the pipeline, and the right deals take some time to work. We hope to have something to announce in the not-too-distant future.
James M. Taylor: When you look at that debt and you look at the breakeven rate, for it to be positive, from an NPV perspective, to take it out early, you don't have to have much of a move in treasuries to have that make sense. If you look at the 2 issues today, it's only about 20- to 25-basis-point move in treasury to be NPV-neutral. So again, we want to be opportunistic, as we were with our last debt issuance. Hope to able to do it before the end of the year, but we have flexibility to time that as appropriate.
James M. Taylor: If you've seen what we've done, really, over the last several years, we're moving to continue to pay off mortgages at every opportunity we can. And our debt balance is largely unsecured and will only get more unsecured over time.
James M. Taylor: As we laid out at the Investor Day, and thanks for asking the question to me, the rents that are underwritten that get us in that range are about 87% fixed minimum rent, and we do have some percent of sales deals that make up the other 13%. The -- almost all of the leases do have percentage rent factors. It varies lease by lease, so I can't really get into breakpoints as it relates to the project overall. But certainly, there's potential for upside as the location gets established and the tenants start realizing good sales levels. So we certainly hope to see that upside from the project once it's open and running.
James M. Taylor: No, that's not right. I mean, we'll probably be somewhere between $150 million to $200 million of equity that may come off the ATM or, alternatively, we might do some asset sales. It just depends on where the market is. I mean, as we think about our capital plan, one thing to highlight here is that we are conservative as we look out. We want to make sure that we're match funding and we're not levering up to do it. I mean, if we were rolling a lot of this stuff on to the line, we'd be generating a hell of a lot more FFO growth. So again, as we look forward, we're not locked into doing ATM issuances, and that's part of the strength of the balance sheet. But conservatively, that's what we would expect to do.
James M. Taylor: Very modest, if any, occupancy. We do expect some rollover, as I alluded to during the course of the year, which will actually fluctuate our occupancy up and down quarter-to-quarter. But we're not seeing effective occupancy, if you will, much above where we are today. And to that point, a part of -- that sort of optimum or peak occupancy reflected, in part, the fact that Chris and the team really are driving the rents on the inventory that we have. So we're -- is it possible that we were to pick up additional occupancy during the course of the year? Perhaps. But that's not something that we're anticipating.
James M. Taylor: Not. It's not really. It's pretty much in line. And again, quarter-to-quarter, it can fluctuate based on -- we can have a box rollover and bring down the occupied or go the other way on the lease. But again, we've been pretty stable, from an occupancy standpoint, over the last several quarters, and I think, really, the point that we want to make here is that we're generating much, if not all, of this growth really through the rollover that we have. And that's the components of the embedded rent growth, the option exercises and the cash rollover growth.
