DonWood: Yes, I think it's a little bit of a bolt I think that you know when we put things out there we had a placeholder with regards to D&A. In the incremental D&A outside of the lease accounting and so that ended up being a little bit higher and I think just as we work through, you know we -- you know it was a preliminary guide [ph] post you know guidance back in November and as we work through you know a budgeting process which hadn't really yet started until you know mid November 2018 through the end of the year and wasn't finalized until January. I think you know we'll get 60 basis points ¢4 revision on a $6 and ¢40 basis so it's tweaking around the edges. It could give you a little bit more conservatism, yes.
DonWood: Can you repeat the question? I got you Jeff. You know it is -- I don't have much to add to that. It is a mix, it depends on what deals are coming up how it kind of rolls out plays through. There's no doubt, there are pressure on rents and you know I tried to make that point in the -- in the prepared remarks, there -- at least we say, more volatility, you know, great deals are great, not so great deals are not so great and that you know mix between top and bottom is more when it comes down to renewals I mean if I look in -- just look even at the fourth quarter, I can give you a couple of pretty interesting specifics for the years you know CDS deal had a great property that we have in Northern Virginia, that's a big time renewal increase. At the same time, we sit there with an open deal I think recreational Plaza where they had somewhere else to go and we wound up agreeing to reduce rent on that something that wouldn't have happened a few years back. So it really is a bit more volatile I don't know what more to tell you in terms of you know the notion of how those renewals will play out but I can tell you that overall if you'd certainly expect to see continued growing rents from us. I just can't give you the mixes as precisely as maybe you'd like it.
DonWood: I'll keep in. I mean there is no doubt. By the way, if you were hired at any retailer’s real estate department and you did not try to take advantage of an oversupply situation in the country, you probably wouldn't be there that long. So there is no question that every retailer has adopted the position of getting the best deal. That's not different than it's ever been. There is no question that in a more oversupplied environment that they play that card higher. Answer now your own question, when there are no other opportunities, you can play it all out but you don't win. On places where there is more opportunities, you do win. And that goes back to my volatility point from earlier on. I see a bigger spread between good deals and not so good deals from that perspective. I don't think there's a company out there that can say that the retail real estate industry is not in a position of change, does not have a overall over supplied phenomenon associated with it. So you have to look at two things; In your specific real estate what leverage do you have to a deal and at what terms. And then secondly, outside of basic shopping center leasing, where else do you have to grow? What other ways do you have to grow? And if you can't answer those two questions, then you've got a growth problem. We don't have that issue. And that's a big deal. So, the last couple of questions have been about all those. Think about this for a second. We have a 0.5 million square feet of sign off of deal that are going to create over $23 million of NOI over the next couple of years. They're locked. That's a lot of pizza shops and TJ deal, dry cleaners and stuff. That's a pretty good down payment on future growth. And that's because of a vision of the overall importance of place that has been a 20 year or longer on view for us. So what you say it's, of course, it's a risk, it's a risk to the entire industry and you have to look at what you have to negotiate against that. And I think we've done pretty well.
DonWood: Yes, I think the word nugget is right. Remember we did this deal with Arturo and Primestor because they did things like us. I mean, if you go to a number of their properties, [indiscernible] is the one that comes to mind most, you'll see a lot of importance on place. A lot of importance on the mix of tenants and that's kind of what got us together in the first place. So, we are aligned in the way we see things. There'll be nuggets that come out going forward that'll go both ways. I'm sure, but not at this point.
Dan Guglielmone: I think you'll see more volatility. I think you saw that this year with regards to some of the rollover you know in the range of 6% one quarter, 22% you know you'll see more of that I think going forward.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, that is not a lot and I think that we position the balance sheet and call it $80 million to $90 million of free cash flow. After dividends I mean it's capital you know we positioned the balance sheet to be able to raise leverage neutral incremental debt of $125 million to $150 million. You know we have some dispositions in the market now. We'll see how we'll look to kind of bring those over the finish line but also we've got, you know capacity on our line of credit and you know we'll be opportunistic with regards to use our ATM program to the extent that it's opportunistic.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, sure. I mean, occupancy, as we reported, December 31 documents of 2017 versus December 31, 2018, overall occupancy was pretty stable over the course of the entire year from an economic perspective. And so while you saw some point in time to point in time demission, I think that that was part of it. I think in the fourth quarter we were hit with a little bit of some bankruptcies on a smaller level that led us down a little bit over the course of the quarter. That's a bit of the color that we could kind of point to. I would say that with regards to some of our small shop, I mean, which trended down a little bit as well, a lot of that is driven by the de-leasing activity we've got going on at Sunset and Coco. Without those two properties, our small shop would be about 150, 160 basis points higher. So, I think it's a little bit specific to kind of some of the redevelopment that we're doing within our portfolio with regards to some of those trends. But I would expect over the course of 2019 occupancy and lease rates will be fairly stable.
Dan Guglielmone: Sure, sure. I think that kind of our core portfolio overall, we'll see kind of decent growth along with some of the proactive releasing activity that we had in 2018, kind of really reaping the benefits into 2019, kind of getting us north of 3%. So you're right from that perspective. But there are specific things in the portfolio that will weigh on some of those numbers. One, some of the late year bankruptcies that impacted the fourth quarter. We'll see that carry out through 2019. So that that'll be about a 50 to 60 basis point drag in our forecast for the year in terms of some of those kind of below the radar impact from bankruptcy. And then also I mentioned the redevelopments at [indiscernible] Huntington, Congressional, great pieces of real estate with what we're doing and kind of cash flow over 2019 as we do that, long-term we're creating value and you'll see higher rents and higher property operating income over the long-term there and value creating projects. So again, similar to our proactive releasing activity, this is more of the same but you know just on a larger scale.
Dan Guglielmone: I think we expect you know when we look at kind of you know the going from AFFO TO AFFO, it will be pretty consistent I think with 2018 numbers you know after you know our free cash flow which is really AFFO you know less dividends should be pretty consistent. We're still projecting as I mentioned free cash flow after dividends and maintenance capital to be pretty consistent get us into that you know call that $80 million plus minus range in terms of -- we expect our AFFO payout ratio to be pretty consistent with what we have in 2018.
Dan Guglielmone: If we're in the market as Don mentioned 2 assets you know we expect them to kind of hope to get into that $125 million range in terms of proceeds and you know it's an ongoing process I think we're -- you know I think that right now with regard to those prophecies you know sales prophecies you know coming in at our expectations we'll see whether or not we get them done but yes, no I think for our assets we're seeing relative stability of demand for them and no surprises so far.
Dan Guglielmone: The demos are to light there for us and it came as part of a package I know 10 years ago maybe even more now that includes a number of assets and that was one of the lighter demos. It was a good area. It is a good area North [indiscernible] but it is what it was they were light and so when we looked at you know what we'd be able to do there in the future we said nothing. And had the ability to tax shelter which is what we did and that's what it got sold.
Don Wood: Yes, that's a great question Jeff, It really is. There is you know on the waiting of merchandising versus economics certainly in on the retail side as you know we put a lot of you know there's a higher weight on the merchandising side. On the office side is less; it is more economics but not completely. So at the end of the day, you know again when we're doing office, we're only doing office at our places where we created that environment on the street. So to the extent the company has a workforce that aligns better with the merchandising that we've done on the retail side on the street that is clearly beneficial or you know they get a checkup in that type of environment. Credit is certainly the most important thing as we look at it on the office side but you know that merchandising component is clearly the component in the way we put there.
Don Wood: I'd love to deal with that one. I'd love to take that one. Look there is no question I don't think I'm saying anything that everybody doesn't know that construction costs are clearly high end and you know probably will go higher as we go forward and you need premium rents to do that. I can tell you the best thing that we have done in the last decade was to not stop our mixed use development program throughout the last recession. That put us as you know in the place of having the places themselves the street level places created during that period of 2013, 2014, 2015. And so the incremental mix used development stuff that we do at those places Pike & Rose [ph], Assembly rows[ph] and Santana row, are you know are risk mitigated in large measure. I very much believe that mixed use properties are at least the good ones are completely integrated in terms of those uses and have to be viewed as integrated in terms of their Cap rates what they would be sold for what those income streams are valued at? And so when we have a chance to jump on, take assembly. The next big piece for residential and office at a combined 6, on a fully loaded basis and closer to a 7 on a cash on cash basis. There's no doubt in my mind we're creating significant value. And that's in a market where construction costs are about as high as any place that we've seen and given what's happening in and around us with the casino and other things that are taking that construction workforce and employing them. So if you just step back then and say all right, do you view these mixed use properties that we're dealing as sub 5 capital you know assets in total? Absolutely we do. We absolutely look at those things as being 1 plus 1 plus 1 equals 4 in terms of office and ready and retail and accordingly to the extent we can put our capital work 6% or better certainly at assets like that. We think we're getting a sufficient premium to our cost of capital plots as has been demonstrated Santana and in Bethesda [ph] as these things are open and yes they take a long time to get up and yes they take a long time to mature but they are the gift that keeps on giving. So the growth rate of those assets we've experienced to be higher than other stuff. So the IRR's are effectively higher than other stuff. So I hope that answers and I hope that puts in context for you.
Don Wood: Yes, it's a very fair question Steven, and look we absolutely look at this market by market property by property and as we make those decisions and I'll give you a great example. You know when we look across the street at Santana Row when you look at those 13 acres; we had a tenant that we could have signed for the entire 350,000 square feet of space to effectively pre-release that one of those buildings. We decided not to do it. We decided not to do it because of the credit of the tenant, because of the viability of the business plan. Even though the rents were strong. So you know, it's important I think that you know that if we're allocating capital and we're allocating the underwriting if you will, the quality of the tenants that we're getting that while they are completely -- while they're very much de-risked because of the environment we've created the not totally de-risked and so we look really closely at the credit, we look really close at diversity of the tenant base, we look very close as to the prospects of you know their impact on the rest of the shopping center as [indiscernible] asked early on. In conjunction -- in total, we feel real strongly about Silicon Valley in terms of those opportunities over the next 2 or 3 or 4 years you know beyond that we'll have to see. It is not as vibrant at all in Montgomery County Maryland and that's why we're doing 1 building relatively small size. We know we want office as part of the overall you know mix of the -- mix used Project those will probably be smaller tenants and more diversified in terms of the business. So the market -- the marketplace will dictate it to some extent but we have no problem saying no to a tenant that doesn't you know meet the underwriting standards that are necessary to make the whole thing work.
Don Wood: The only thing I'd say is that, Stevens, I mean truly look at our history and in terms of how we do you digitally issue equity. It's you know -- we don't love doing the deals and you don't love it, nobody loves it and so everything balanced and the ATM program has been a good program in terms of matching up with development spend pretty nicely. We're in a bad a position as I think you know where we don't have to do that though and so when you sit back and you look at all the alternatives I think instead we had some properties in the market I think we got a $125 or so million worth of dispositions that are in the market now that hopefully get done we expect them to get done. See how that plays out. So it is all about having more hours in the quiver[ph] and being able to pick and choose them opportunistically, carefully and in no way in a big -- in any one of those arrows being over too big a deal.
Don Wood: It's a very good question Alex and please understand, we are a retail company that -- if you just -- the way you build out a large mixed-use project and we have 3 between Santana assembling and Pike & Rose in particular. You have to create a place first. It's -- create that place and we lead as we have and in all 3 with residential overlap, because there's no question having a population that lives there associated with the environment created is a real positive. Now, as those things mature and if you're lucky enough as we have been to have a big piece of the land where there are incremental ways to create value the logical next place to go is with a time population. The thing that we're seeing in the marketplace to me that is just really frankly amazing. It's become almost not optional for a progressive company to have and then who hires younger people or the workforce that it needs to not be in a place with all of the amenities and so we're sitting with this advantage if you will of this many, many year head start if you will of creating places and so now you'll see office that you know that daytime population that fills in and makes the ground out the communities and makes them so strong. I mean I don't know whether Puma would be there without the partners deal and remember partners healthcare we don't own the building. We didn't take the risk we leased [ph] it. So when we are a conservative company in terms of the way we view value creation at these at better assets, we could probably grow faster. If we did absolutely everything ourselves and you know and move forward in that way. We're careful about it and we only do it ourselves in places where we've really already established and know what the environment is. So think about our office as an integrated part of a decade or 2 decades long. You know place making environment community if you will that you know has to have all components of lifestyle including the office environment.
Don Wood: Yes, first of all, you had nothing to worry about with your age or remembering well. Everything seems totally perfect you know you're doing just fine pal. So let's get that out of the way. In terms of -- and so incremental adjustments that add to existing properties are generally smaller than the original first phase -- that we do in the first 2 phases that we do. We saw in opportunity at an assembly and I really hope you'll join us on May 9 for our Investor Day out there. This marketplace -- that marketplace is on fire. What we were able to do with that building -- the residential building which was big 477 units the time it took to fill that up surprised even to us. It was short and very different than almost every other market and it's that good so the ability to jump on that and there were some reasons both from construction cost perspective which continued to go up there as well as the -- some things that we need to get done with the -- on the residential side in terms of you know units that are cheaper effectively to do on balance it made sense to do that right now and jumping on that it's a big building, it's at the base of the take, that residential building we have very strong thoughts on how well that'll do and then when Puma was you know without us putting a shovel in the ground effectively had that deal done there, that convinced us to move forward there. So we decided to do two at the same time. It was a residential building not pre-leased, effectively we view it is that way given the level of success that we've had over the last 18 months. So it's a bit of an anomaly but it's only an anomaly based on the strength of the market the success that we've had in the first 2 phases.
Don Wood: Well, we look at kind of re-dev and development kind of in the same thing I think that you'll see some balance there. I think you'll see some small contributions from re-dev perspective in terms of what's on page 16 of our 8K. I think you'll see continued contributions from these 2 roll up of assembly from 2018 to 2019 as well as [cross talk] Yes, so I think you'll see yes, based upon you know that redevelopment you know there will be drag from redevelopment during that -- on our comparable number.
Don Wood: Yes, let me -- it's a great question. You know I mean cycles, right? So as we sit and we look at Santana we very much would like to make a decision the first half of 2019 as to whether we're going forward with the first 350 that is where the building across the street from Santana that seem to be in the West. That is the next thing up. You know we haven't even delivered Splunk yet and it will be delivered by the end of the year and hopefully this year might even go into next year we'll see how that plays out but other than Splunk we've got you know it'll be the go-no-go on the 350. You'll see that the decision soon this year because the market is as strong as it is. It definitely weighs into our considerations we know the -- you know queries we've been getting about office on that site. We know that they're strong; we know we've kind of proven it with Splunk 1, Splunk 2, AvalonBay chose to bring their offices there with us. Our 1st office building has been a complete 100% lease with great rollups there. So we know we've got an office environment that we've created there that will be successful so you know to the extent that market softens as it surely will at some point over the next 5 or 6 years. We don't want to be in that position then so there is a definitely a desire to get it done and get it going at least part of it in 2019.
Don Wood: That's a great question in terms of long term viability too early to say but I can tell you that we've had some real good meetings and are doing some pretty good deals with digitally native brands. Coming over whether we're talking about Casper, parachute home or all birds or any of those guys. Now you know all that is good and it's you know demand -- an increasing demand in that type of properties that we have that's clearly a positive. Now whether those brands are you know will be great brands for 10 or 20 or 30 years. Time will tell. We'll have to see. Its why the diversity of the income stream is the most important thing in that decision making process but clearly many -- all would be too strong many of those digitally native brands who just 3 and 4 or 5 years ago said I'll never have a brick and mortar place have gone a reversed course that way. And yes that with the type of properties we own where our natural recipients of that demand.
Don Wood: Let me jump on that for a bit because it's so funny when Dan and I were talking about what to do for you know prepared remarks. You know we want to talk about acquisitions because we do have some things that are close. The bottom line is when we do acquisitions we want to make sure that there's an opportunity to create value. We've never been a volume shop as far as I'm concerned we never will be a volume shop and it's harder to buy today and assume that rents are going up but it's not you know 2006 anymore. So that kind of leads us to say what we do primarily will have some sort of a redevelopment component to it. It's what we do best doesn't mean we're not looking for under market rents. Of course we're looking for under market rents but it's hard to find that. So you know you'll see some acquisition activity from us this year. It'll probably be relatively minor but you know mostly because our best use of capital is in the places that we've already created and we have incremental things to do at them that is the on a risk adjusted basis. Clearly, the best thing for us to be doing which is why you know you see that development pipeline so full but one of the things we never want to be is the one you know one trick pony and so you know on that, on the acquisition side you'll see the occasional acquisition. It will most likely be part of some strategic plan to either add an adjacency or do something to it to be able to create redevelopment value.
Don Wood: Sure, we closed on a $27 million grocery anchored center and you know pricing was kind of in the mid-60's, kind of taking that with a blended basis bar you know. Chelsea Commons residential you know we were in the mid 5's on a blended basis on those 2 you know kind of what we view as non-core at the end of the day just kind of -- and so that's the color on that. I mean I think that..
