Jeff Berkes: Yeah. Alex, it's a bit of a two-way street, particularly between Arizona and California. And what we found during the last year or so since we've been in Arizona, there are relationships our leasing people in California can bring to the leasing team that's running our Arizona properties. And in addition, particularly in the food space, whether it's Quickserve, or sit down, or some other type of specialty food, there are some really good operators in the Phoenix Scottsdale market that we're now closing to our California portfolio. So it is a two-way street. Some real advantages, there to the expansion.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. Let me add a little bit to that, Alex. And let me also maybe clean up a bit, where you started too. You mentioned San Francisco is one of the markets we're in. We're not in San Francisco. We're in Silicon Valley, and there's a big difference between the two. And a lot of people read headlines on watching news, and hear about things that are happening in San Francisco, and attribute it to the whole Bay Area and this. Yeah, it's just not accurate, if you will. San Francisco is still struggling mightily through some social issues that are making a return to office and office leasing very difficult. And that's not really, the case in Silicon Valley. And we're not taking a pause on leasing, if you will. We're out there working as hard as we can to lease a building as quickly as we can. Year-to-date the Silicon Valley Class A office market has absorbed 2.8 million square feet of space, vacancy is 12%. If you include sublease space, I think it goes up to 14%, which historically for Silicon Valley is not great but nationally, those aren't bad numbers. And last quarter, there was 1.8 million square feet of positive net absorption and four big leases between 150,000 and 380,000 square feet that accounted for 1.1 million square feet, of that positive net absorption. So I think what's happening now is -- and it's going to be choppy for a few quarters, and I think we're probably going to see more sublease space come to market. The companies are really struggling with a way to get their employees back to work, and figure out what the appropriate locations and space needs, are for those employees. And I think we're going to see some downsizing -- and perversely, that might work to our advantage in Santana Row. You remember NetApp, took 700 Santana Row, because they downsized out of multiple buildings that were not state-of-the-art, and not fully amenitized. And there's other tenants in the market right now, that are thinking about doing the same thing. And when you look at one Santana West, it is the only way fully amenitized Class A, building of size in Silicon Valley. So well I think, it's like Don said, disappointing that we're not leased yet. We're working hard on it, and we're confident about it. And when you step back and look at the rest of our portfolio, excluding one Santana West and 915 Meeting Street, which is still under construction, our Class A office space and our other office space and our mixed-use properties, is 95% plus leased. There is a very strong positive reaction, whether you're a small tenant or a large tenant to officing in properties, that offer a full range of amenities close to where you live, which is why we bought for down in Scottsdale. We can talk about that further, if you want but I just wanted to make sure you got the full kind of detail on the, what's going on in the portfolio and our thinking going forward on one Santana West. 
Jeff Berkes: And it is a robust discussion. There's obviously tension, particularly, in an inflationary environment where we're pushing hard to get the kind of increases during the term that Dan talked about in his prepared remarks and not give an excessive amount of term when we're in an environment like this. So, it's a healthy conversation. It's not unusual. Every lease negotiation is tense and Wendy and her team and the folks on the West Coast do a really good job of balancing everything they need to balance to make sure we have the right people in our properties that are investing in their operations and we're getting the best economic deal possible. 
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Juan, it's Jeff. And I'll just add a couple of things. One, owning those properties together is synergistic in both directions. So, we can certainly offer the office tenants. The amenities of Hilton Village is we make the project look and feel like one project and market them together and upgrade the merchandising and food offering at Hilton Village, like Don mentioned. But on the office building is also good for Hilton Village, because we just picked up a ton of parking that we can use nights and weekends to support more intensive uses at Hilton Village. So that's great. And then second, just kind of on a stand-alone basis, when you think about Forum, we bought Forum for roughly 60%, 65% of replacement cost, 85% leased at rents that are probably 10% to 15% below market, with a weighted average lease term of less than five years. So, by upgrading the building and applying creative intensive leasing effort to it, we think we can really bring those numbers up and make the return much, much better than it is today. So, on its own, we think we made a real great real estate deal. There's a couple of buildings in that market that traded recently. We're a local developer that's done something similar to kind of Class B, B-minus buildings and much, much lesser location than Scottsdale Road across the street from Paradise Valley and those buildings sold basically a replacement cost at sub-5% caps recently. So we think the institutional investment market appreciates real estate like this, and we think we made a very good buy and really happy to have it. And like I said, when I was answering Alex's question, we've proved multiple times now that amenitizing office space making a great space and having it in close proximity to decision-making -- decision maker housing is a real win for us. So, just really happy with the deal.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Hey, Haendel. It's Jeff, again. We are obviously in a market where there's less certainty than there used to be. So, having the ability to close all cash and not have to tap the secured mortgage markets is definitely an advantage as a buyer. That combined with really a two-decade track record here of being very transparent with an intermediary and an owner about what we'll do and what we won't do and how things are going along the way and ultimately doing what we say we will do, gets us deals and gets us deals at better prices than other people have to pay. So we kind of like the type of market we're in right now. We think there's going to be more opportunities but I'll let Dan answer questions about our go-forward guidance on that. 
Jeff Berkes: Equally. The -- again that's the place you want to live and I don't know where we are on rent growth there…
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. Chris this is Jeff. So we have two individuals that when we acquired the asset, I guess, the very last day of 2011 decided to stay in the deal and they've been in the property with us as partners since that point in time up to a few weeks ago. They both decided they wanted to exit for their own personal financial reasons. They had no day-to-day involvement in the running of the asset we reported to them on a regular basis and that was about the extent of it. So nothing changes at pause again those related to how that's run or leased.
Jeff Berkes: They're trending up. we don't have those -- and we don't publish those. But we can -- but they're certainly heading and they're modeled and forecasted to continue to trend up.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. The -- as you know, when I think about that market I don't think that market is as advanced in terms of demand and supply as Somerville Massachusetts is but it sure is on everybody's radar screen including ours as to what it is that we can do there. So we're having conversations with a number of people there none of which are far enough for us to really say anything more about it. But when you think about life sciences as another use as a component at a place like Pike & Rose. I mean, it's a distinct possibility. It's going to come down to economics. And will the incremental rent be enough to support the construction of that product type at Pike & Rose. And we don't know the answer to that yet but we're certainly in the heavily exploratory phases to find out. 
Don Wood: Yeah, it's a great question. And the two places in particular, where we continue to lease up office products both at Pike & Rose, and at Assembly, nothing has changed. They are – there is still that strong demand and we're running out of product. At the Choice building, which is the one that Choice has taken about 40% of the building for, we've got really good activity moving along in the rest of that building and that feels great. And just one other comment on Santana West man, Short Silicon Valley gets our own part. The – there's no question that a pause caused by getting people back to work, and what's that going to be, and what our space needs are going to be at the same time, those stocks have been hammered. I mean you as a CEO, any of us a CEO would sit back and take pause about that. But when you think about that particular product in that particular place and what is likely to happen, you have to be positive about that. I don't know, Jeff, you got anything really to say further on that.
Don Wood: Thanks Craig, for the question. And look man, consumers have to be able to consume. And at the end of the day, that means you got to have money to spend. That means, there's got to be great product out there. What I think is really -- and obviously I think, this about federal is that we don't go all in on any one particular format. We don't go all in on, any one particular market. . And so the notion of, the sector-leading demos. I mean, I've said in the prepared remarks, think about this, $10.2 billion worth of spending power, within three miles of this portfolio's assets. That's a crazy big number. And so does that help you work through good times and bad times and higher interest rates and inflationary pressures? Of course it does. It's not a leap. And I think that's got more to do with this performance and the performance that whatever that might be over the next few quarters or a few years than anything else. 
Don Wood: I guess, Craig the only thing I would add to that and I do think this is such an important component of the negotiations are the bumps during the term of the lease. And I mean, I know, Dan goes through the math of what it means, but when you think about inflationary time and being able to push three and sometimes four and sometimes better annual bumps into the lease that getting that along the way is a whole lot better than sitting there and looking at a flat lease and maybe getting 7% after five years or something like that. So I don't know the best way that you can understand that or compare that. I don't think we found a good way that that can be compared, but I know it's a critical focus of the company. And because the real estate is really good we have probably more success that way than you would otherwise think. 
Don Wood: Yeah. There is -- this piece of land is what made us so darn interested in this thing. If you kind of see where Pines Boulevard and I-75 come together, there is no good product out there. There is -- there are amazing traffic counts. And so we love what we've got in place albeit you will see remerchandising as the primary way we create value over the next few years. Having said that and you know as well as I do, big pieces of land things happen that you can't underwrite initially. And I know if you go and spend some time at the property and the surrounds and you look at housing stock around there, you understand the traffic patterns, I think you'd be salivating for the possibilities over the mid and longer term even beyond the remerchandising of the asset. But that's what it would be for now, Samir.
Don Wood: I don't know if I'm allowed to say this or not, so I'm looking at Dan and Melissa, because we do try to take an accounting if you will of how many of our leases have 3% bumps, 4% bumps, flat, whatever is happening internally in the leases. And I can tell you that over the past two years basically, what's happened coming out of COVID not the beginning part of COVID but coming out of COVID that the percentage of our deals that are -- that now have stronger than 3% bumps is up about 20% from where it was. So the notion of being able to do more of those deals, which is bringing up the overall portfolio to over 2% annual bumps as Dan said before. So the trend is in the right direction and it's been a major focus.
Don Wood: Yeah, let me give you a couple of things. I'm sure Jeff will have more on this. But I personally couldn't be more excited about this. First of all Hillan Village, which we bought last year, I guess a little more than that now at this point. We just see very strong re-leasing potential to make it much more of a specialty shopping center with a higher end tenant because of where it is. Our first 12 months of leasing or so there has validated that that's what's happening. So with respect to that first acquisition, we are more than pleased with the basic thesis for buying it. When this office building adjacent to it, which is a very attractive office building, but frankly lease in a very pedestrian way, we think we can do the same thing on the office side to make it way cooler to the right type of tenant base that would -- that's the same tenant base that we're aiming for in the adjacent retail property, putting those two things together, especially in a post-COVID environment where individuals and companies in the area are looking to be closer to home with an amenitized environment we feel like there's great upside all while yielding over a 6% yield while we do that. So, I love the idea of being able to not to take our vision for the retail and effectively expand and integrate what it is with the office building which really is building directly adjacent to it. That's the thesis for what we're trying to do here.
Don Wood: Before you do, I want to add one thing to that Haendel, and I really do think this is important. We've talked about this in the past. When you look – when you have multiple ways to grow and you don't want to rely on any one thing you don't turn those switches on and off. And when it comes to acquisitions, this is one of those examples, where yes, you can turn it down, when there's uncertainty of the pricing or turning up when effectively you think you can get a good deal. But it is that ability to be in the markets regularly, not just on the publicly marketed stuff. In fact, hardly in the publicly marketed stuff but the ability to do what you said you were going to do. When you turn that off for a couple of years and turn it back on, it's not much different than the dividend in our view then you are looked at differently than when a seller knows you're going to be there and do what you say you're going to do. So I think that is as much of an advantage as being an all-cash buyer is in fact I think it's more important. Sorry, Danny go ahead. 
Don Wood: Haendel, it's a great question and it's been a critical focus and frankly a worry of mine for the past year and half or a little bit more. I don't exactly know beyond more beyond our approach to it. Why it has not been the problem that I worried it was going to be but it has not been. We found alternate solutions. In a number of cases it's been job number one for the operating team, the tenant coordination team. The ability to effectively do things different than the lease contemplated in order to get a restaurant open or a store open have been critically important tools. And that again is a relationship part of our business. It's a critical part to it. And so when I look at have we been hitting our opening dates. The answer to that is yes, we have. And it was the single biggest thing I was worried about coming into 2022. So it's been handled I think pretty darn well, even though the spector of delays, kitchen equipment and other things is certainly still out there.
Don Wood: Michael I think the only thing I would add to that is -- so where it comes from as Dan just said, are only a few of our properties and they're the big ones. And the -- if you think about those properties particularly Pike & Rose and Assembly Row those properties have matured into critical places in their communities. So it's not just about coming out of COVID. It's about these are now community centers if you will. And so I would expect the traffic comparisons period over period to continue to increase. As we've seen -- we've seen in July too, obviously, we're in the beginning of August. So we've seen that same thing at Pike & Rose and Assembly in July, relative to the July of 2019. So I'm very much positive or hopeful that it will continue.
Don Wood: No, Linda, it's broad, it's broad. I mean, we see it at the mixed-use centers in particular, because they were hurt the most during COVID, but it's everywhere throughout the portfolio. I don't have a better market or a worse market for you in terms of the ones we're operating in. Just please always remember, this is still a very local business, and it comes down to the specific shopping center and the specific tenant base in that shopping center. And I think I leave it at that. It's broad-based.
Don Wood: Oh, please let me just correct the premise. We could not be more confident in Assembly Row as a life science destination for many, many years and decades to come. We're just at the beginning of that. All we've done at this particular time, given the uncertainty in the venture capital market and what's happening there is to hold back and see where things become a little more certain. Certainly, great for BioMed in terms of being able to raise that capital. I wouldn't be -- I'd be surprised if they couldn't frankly given the Blackstone involvement too. And we will be -- I mean, there will be a life science building done by Federal Realty on that site at some point. But prudence and capital allocation at this point suggest that we said on the sideline BioMed make a little further.
Don Wood: Let me go on the three big properties -- or actually four big properties, if you throw in Bethesda, Chris. Let me go in order. Unbelievable at Assembly Row, 20% plus.
Don Wood: Mid-teens on there. And looking extremely strong. Pike & Rose, the demand is there but we're still just about out of this COVID cap on the amount of rent increases that there can be. So it's artificially been kept down. But you could see it from the occupancy. And we know in terms of the demand to be able to move into the space is that once that cap is lifted, which should be hopefully later on this year. You'll see similar demand there. These are the type of properties people want in it. And it's the same as on the office side. It's you got to make the money after you spend all that time and effort on creating the street in the place by getting it done upstairs too.
Wendy Seher: Sure. Thanks Craig. Basically during COVID and post-COVID, the retailers confirmed that their greatest customer acquisition tool is the right location. And so they are focused on that to set the stage for growth continuing, especially with more relevant tenants and the savvy tenants and there's a sense of urgency in getting the right real estate. And we're seeing that in our performance, we're seeing that in our pipeline, and we're seeing it on our varied shopping center opportunities that we have with all -- it's not just value-based, it's not just service-based, it's all across the sector full-paced apparel and value as well. So, we are seeing that sense of urgency on setting their fleet in the right direction for the growth and being able to go through what is normal cycles and being able to mitigate that downside. 
Wendy Seher: Yes, I think what you're -- I don't know that I focus 100% from quarter-to-quarter on renewal rates and whether they're slightly up or slightly down because they all have a way of working themselves out throughout the year. But what I will say is that we are seeing a tremendous amount of retailers within our portfolio that want to had those discussions a little bit earlier because they want to invest in their store. They want to make sure that they have the term because they see the value of the real estate long-term. They want to invest and that's -- we're seeing it as a very positive momentum and we're also investing in a big way in our shopping centers. So, the partnership together has been very strong.
Wendy Seher: It's the consumer spending power. It's the demographics that Don mentioned in his opening remarks, which is the quality of the real estate in the demographic markets with high average household incomes that have the ability to spend. So that's a critical component when they're looking at these markets. The other piece of it is, the history. If you can go into a center, as Don said, you haven't been able to get into Federal Realty Centers always, and they have a history of performing, and there's value in that and that's recognized, so that's why we've been able to keep up this leasing demand is partly, because there's -- this need to get -- they might be doing less locations, but they need those locations to perform. And they're willing to make a higher spend in order to make sure that there's confidence that that store will be profitable.
Wendy Seher: So I would say that most of our percentage deals that we were working on during COVID have all burned off and we have established new deals moving forward. So we are not still working on a tremendous amount of renegotiating post-COVID. This is more kind of looking forward and doing new deals based on the environment that we're in. 
Dan G.: The back half of the year, I think, is probably back -- looking back to the last year in line with our last year's performance in the second half of the year. We're ahead. We're probably $0.02 to $0.03 ahead in terms term piece and that's reflected in the guidance.
Dan G.: Look I think that we've have been really pleasantly surprised with how strong the performance has been. This is the first time I've been here since my six years at Federal where we increased guidance to this magnitude in consecutive quarters. We've increased to $0.10 one quarter and then $0.23 the next. The $0.05 to $0.10 guideposts that we provided previously we're off of previously lower guidance. I feel comfortable with that guidance with kind of where 2023 is off of that. I think we're going to take a step back with regards to 2023 and provide formal guidance at the normal timing. We still expect to see strong internal growth in our portfolio, but we'll provide more detailed formal guidance at the appropriate time in line with the industry in February. 
Dan G.: No. With respect to guidance, we do have a pipeline and we do expect to be active on the acquisition front but be disciplined, but we don't provide guidance for speculative acquisitions or dispositions, when they happen we update guidance to reflect that. So yes, there's no forward-looking acquisition or disposition impact on the guidance we have.
Dan G.: I think it's evident in our in our metrics. The fact that with record leasing volume, we're tightening our spread between leased and occupied. So we're getting tenants open. And I think that's again in my prepared remarks I mentioned and gave a shout out to the strength of our legal leasing, tenant coordination and property operating teams they've been really successful on average getting tenants open on time and in many cases ahead of time and on budget.
Dan G.: Yeah, I think with regards to -- we are making progress and we've kind of pivoted and I think elevated our discussions and our activity on the disposition front. And given the visibility we have kind of as the year goes along, I think that dispositions can serve as a surrogate for kind of raising equity. And given that visibility, we're tempering kind of the expectation of raising equity, plus given where we're -- our equity has been traded. So, we've raised the lion-share of what we expected at a very strong blended price. We basically contracted for that all last year in 2021, when our stock price was obviously at a different time. Really pleased that we did. And I think it positions us -- we look to be very balanced in how we approach financing the business and feel very, very fortunate that we're as well positioned to continue through with the equity that we raised over there throughout COVID. 
Dan G.: Yes. I think historically it's kind of been in and around 65%, 70%, but we have seen better this year, better retention rates north of 80%. So, we're pleased with that. Tenants have been successful at our centers. They want to stay they want to renew they want to exercise options and they want to continue to make money. 
Dan G.: Yeah, we're essentially back to normal, back to pre-COVID collection levels, on the current period collections. We're effectively above 99% overall in collections in the second quarter. So I think that is faster than we expected, faster than we had forecasted and we expect that to continue. There's a normalization in that part of the business with the added benefit of continuing to collect rent from prior periods. But we're back.
Dan G.: Yeah. I think what we have in our existing kind of comparable pool is about $23 million of incremental rent which have come online over about half over the balance of this year and half in 2023. We have another $15 million of signed not occupied in our non-comparable pool, which should come online probably similarly. And then -- so I think most of the Lion's share of that will be over the next six quarters in terms of contribution to our POI line item. 
