Don Wood: I do Jeff and there is a couple of things. First of all Jim has been a key advisor to the company with First Union to Wachovia to well and he is still for the better part of a dozen years. He knows the inside and out and I can tell you I’ve got the utmost respect for his strategic advice and his business development expertise. When we took Jeff Berkes and Jeff moves to the West Coast to take on the role of President of the West Coast, I really felt like I was missing that here on the East Coast as a whole when Jeff went West and the opportunity to get somebody that our senior team knows as well as Jim somebody that knows this company as well somebody that every other CEO that I’ve talked to has – who has called me has said man you took away my best advisor, I cannot tell how many people – how many CEOs I’ve heard that from, the ability to have somebody like that in the CFO role is a pretty unique opportunity and one that I didn’t want to pass out. I hope that helps.
Don Wood: Yeah they’ve all become more concrete but they haven’t become leases yet and or a few of them have but I don’t want to just do a one off kind of thing so I want to buy another quarter or so and I want to basically give you a real good idea coming into this year, the timing has always been the end of this year we felt we had some things to announce, we will have that probably before the end of this year because that’s tracking really, really nicely and so I’ll lay that out for you there. I don’t want you to, as you think about that project I’ve got some great restaurant news, you have some great outlet news of the theaters you know is obviously locked in, I think you’re going to like the merchandising plan but I want that to cook a little bit further before we start talking about that specific.
Don Wood: I absolutely think another developer could be, it could be influential and are competitive rather on that side. I mean, there hasn’t been a new (inaudible) up in Boston in 27 years as you know, and in a 12 acre piece of land next to, a development that boasts Federal Realty and AvalonBay have committed to, I mean that’s got to be a really attractive thing, with respect to how complex it is, how entitled it needs to be, what it should be, those are all very fair points too. But, so that balance is clearly, it clearly is going to be considered by any potential owner of that land. And like I said before, we are going to look at the Jeff, not defensively, but offensively. And so, if there is a 12 acre site next to a great project that we’re working on, where we can pencil something that makes sense to do, then we’ll do it, to the extent that, if that, price goes to a crazy place or the entitlement risk and the complexity and all that stuff makes it such that, there is not a deal that make any financial sense there then let somebody else do it. And that’s really is truly is how I feel about it, if that, I hope that helps in your thinking, it’s offense with respect to a new development site there for Federal, not defense with respect to the existing assembly project.
Don Wood: It’ll be a combination of both. We’re looking at eight, I guess seven different units between Acme up in the Philadelphia market and Shoppers down here and Washington things like. All of those, I can’t wait I would love to get them back and what we do with respect to getting them back, we’ll run the gamut as it normally does from replacing grocer in some cases to larger redevelopment possibilities that it opens up but when I look I am just looking down to the base rents. The base rents in total for those 10 bucks a foot, pretty on good, 10 bucks a foot in those markets that we’re at with 338,000 square feet making up those seven locations, yeah that will be okay.
Don Wood: No, they have been there for a long time. We did LA Fitness probably 10 years ago Craig something like that and that’s in Acme right, an Acme is one of the Acme location I was just referring to but we did and there is also Lord & Taylor that’s in the middle of a great new, to the inside of that store and the deal we cut with Lord & Taylor allowed us to add additional retail to the front of the center on the hard corner, around the hard corner which is just getting done now or being leased, opening up that.Craig Schmidt – Bank of America: Okay, great and on the IKEA, it would seem like you would have an advantage there because not only would you be taking advantage of the new T-Stop but, as you build Assembly Row you’re going to add value and if you control the land, it seems like you’d also be able to integrate that in the project.
Don Wood: Yeah Paul, its, yeah, I mean I’ll tell you that very candidly, it was eye opening. I mean that is one great piece of paper for Federal Realty. And there is no doubt that with our advantage in terms of cost of capital and Jim in this role and the opportunity is that are out there that you may see us being more aggressive, you’ll certainly see us being more aggressive in terms of the number of things that we’re looking at. Whether any of those effectively turn into actual deals, actual things that we do, remains to be seen because while we do have an advantage in terms of our cost of capital, we in no way are going to get anymore lacks on the quality of that real estate, which is not going to do it. So it’s got to be the right product and to the extent is that right product either on the acquisition or development side, I don’t know, as you know, we’ve got plenty of development right now to do. The, there is no doubt that $250 million at 3.14 effective yield does impact our view on our folk’s capital a little bit.
Don Wood: Yeah. It’s a great question, Paul. I mean the answer is no. I mean, we’ve got, our plate is absolutely full right now, with respect to that. Now, and in addition by the way, the project that we’re working on this is not, we’re talking about first phases right now, we’re, if we do these things right, we’ve got, we got a reservoir of opportunity for a dozen years with respect to those. That doesn’t mean that we won’t look for other development opportunities in the future, but we got to get these up and operating first. On the acquisition side, either at the property level or more broadly, we will clearly be looking at a lot of stuff here.
Don Wood: That’s fair. First of all Alex – I really wish you were in this room to seen Andy’s reaction. When you said, just doing a dead deal once a year something like that Andy is sitting there with his arms raised, so you will get a call in around noon.
Don Wood: All under review, Joe all under review. I can tell you that we found a lot of growth coming over the next few years and that not only comes from the developments that are underway on but it comes from the existing portfolio which is being leased up more, is performing really well. We got a lot of growth, we got a lot of stuff to do, we’ve got bunch of redevelopment and I mean the magic formula or part of the magic formula this company is a conservative balance sheet, no question about that. We look at all the possible opportunities that are available to us, everything from common to preferred to JV equity and kind of debt interest paying to debt, that was just done. So you should not expect to see any long-term difference in the overall capitalization of the company that doesn’t mean any particular quarter or any particular year for that matter, doesn’t see it spike one way or the other, it depends on the marketplace and we’ve got the flexibility to use all of them. I wish I can give you a better answer to that as we get a little further and evaluate the JV opportunity potentially along with the ATM, along with overnights, along with asset sales to put in there. There will more to talk about as we go forward, but I can’t give you any number today.
Don Wood: Tayo, it is a constant focus of this company and it’s one that we have had pretty doing on success. And one of the things if you remember, when we talked about that, what that’s all about is truly trying to create additional demand, incremental demand for our shopping centers, particularly the more urban shopping centers, the street retail stuff where we’ve got an easier settle that way and have an advantage of pricing effectively and tenant taxes over them all. We have examples where I can show you that the mall tenant is operating. We have better examples frankly where the mall tenants have looked at and helped us increase the – created a horse rates if you will on the, for this retail type product. And therefore, we’ve gotten better rents from our existing tenant valued here both. That’s not a onetime initiative, that’s a business philosophy that we continue to have. We really made a focus on and about two years ago started that focus. That focus is now ingrained in Chris Weilminster’s leasing department.
Don Wood: Well, I got to tell you Quentin, I’m going to ask Jeff to jump in here in a second. But, we’ve been competing with Westfield across the street now for 10 years in operations, there has been nice improvements that they’ve made over there, there have been plans that have not happened if, it’s great real estate and there is always going to be opportunity at Westfield or at Santana to expand, to do something different. The nice thing about this property in Santana is it has become not particularly competitive with the mall, it’s a different story, it’s a different product that’s being offered there and it has certainly solidified itself. So, when you see the tenant sales numbers that we see increasing, when you’ve seen the long standing dominance of its restaurant product that’s there, I can’t, when you see the residential premiums that we’re getting, the hotel premiums that we’re getting, I couldn’t feel more positive about the future of Santana Row, no matter what happens across the street, with respect to Westfield and Jeff, I don’t know if you want to add anything to that but go for it.
Don Wood: That’s right, they are basically Giant of Carlisle assumed certain Genuardi’s locations in Pennsylvania but we had three Genuardi’s locations two in Pennsylvania in Philly and one on the Cherry Hill side on the Jersey side in Cherry Hill called (inaudible). Giant didn’t pick that on up and so that is today still a Genuardi’s but will close. We’re working hard on the releasing of that and that’s one of the things though little premature Genuardi’s hasn’t been closed there yet but I’m not blowing you away before we do with that along with the other two that are in Philadelphia.
Don Wood: Flowertown there will be big increase in rent and I’ll get more into the detail why it is later on and Cherry Hill where the Genuardi’s is closing will have downtown down time for the period of time and then will have a big increase in rent.
Don Wood: Rich, first of all if I were, do you really think I would this conference call to announce it and number one and number two absolutely not. This is an opportunistic change, this is an opportunistic point in time when a senior advisors to the company became available to fill strategic needs and a business development need that we took advantage of. I think it’s good smart business personally but not the idea that it push out a lot, anything else would be wrong.
Don Wood: Well, I think if you know residential is a percent of the company’s overall revenue kind of mid single-digits and I think that residential made sense for certain of the company’s asset as a way to continue to drive value from the retail that’s there but I don’t expect the company will change, this will be predominantly a resale company.
Don Wood: No, I didn’t Jeff. I think, maybe I misspoke, or you misheard, or I wasn’t as clear as I need to be. There is no question that the D&A that has set this company on the path that it’s been on for the last 10 years, will absolutely continue. That, the, only that there is no any person that can comment, other than the CEO and I don’t intend to be going anywhere, that can change that philosophy. The philosophy works, I fully understand that it’s this steady stream of cash flow, transparency, consistency, is that is what works and never get me to change that. Having said that, there is no doubt that having someone of Jim’s background is going or should be able to serve up additional activity. That should only be a positive, because it’s not going to happen unless they are in line with that business plan, consistent with that business plan and profitable with respect to that business plan. So, I think from an investor perspective or analyst perspective in a weird kind of way if you like what Federal is then I think you’re going to, then it can only be upside by additional activity going through the filter that is the same filter that is made for everyone in this. So I don’t see the down.
Don Wood: Well, we got a bunch of spaces on Third Street. If you look today at whether they are, at or below market, you’re going to see that clearly there’s a lot of money yet to me made on Third Street Promenade for us. Do we control enough of Third Street Promenade made to be able to be transformational with respect to the street probably not, probably not but when you look at the street, when you look at how it’s impacted by the redone mall, how it feels I can tell you we’re very, very bullish on the future but that future value will come primarily from releasing to some tenants who, that’s one of the places where tenants want a set a flag and so there is always, I’ll use the word cool, sometimes cool is cool most of the times cool is profitable. It’s not likely to be transformational to the whole street because we don’t control the whole street we’re enough of it.
Don Wood: Well, you haven’t met, the combination of Jim and a lady who I don’t know how much you’ve met with and that’s Melissa Solis, who was our Chief Accounting Officer obviously, it’s not going to be same as Andy, it will be different.
Andy Blocher: I couldn’t agree with you more, it is. But having said that, you have seen some of the deals that have happened in real estate land over the commercial real estate land over the past year and some of them are just laying crazy and to the extent it gets just laying crazy or out and so, just in terms of how we look at it obviously we’re making a big bet on the 50 plus acres that we already own and control. This adjacent piece as you point out correctly makes all the, it makes all the sense for us, we should have a competitive advantage, it should work out, I feel some crazy stuff going on out there and so we gotten ourselves internally very, very comfortable on not owning it because it is going to be developed and most of the uses that will apply, if not all the uses that will apply to that, to all acres which is not appropriately known right now for a lot of those uses by the way will benefit our project next to it. So if you were going to say to me, hey Don, you can go grab and you can go put something in there and you can earn a 2.5% return on it, I’d say no thank, let’s somebody else go on to 2.5% return and we’ll benefit just quite via proximity. So that’s all I am saying. We will look at it offensively as a new development.Craig Schmidt – Bank of America: Okay, thanks.
Andy Blocher: I think you’ll see additional occupancy gains as we move through this year. I definitely believe that 95, 95.5, for this company is pretty darn near fall off. And we used to see some of the competitors in the heyday up in 97, 97.5, frankly I think you given up rent if you’re out there because you need that balance between pushing for rent in the right tenant and the vacancy is a long-term commitment. So I would Paul I, we’re going to see what happens with this economy over the next couple of years I can tell you right now there is good momentum. And momentum is hard to stop and so that’s why we think we’ve got the visibility for the balance of this year, it’s why we raised the guidance there despite the fact of, major cost of changes you imagine additional debt cost et cetera we’re still able to do that. I think you should feel good.
Andy Blocher: But listen first of all with respect to this company, you know or I hope you know, I hope everybody on the call knows that this company is all about balance, is all about high quality real estate, a steady stream of increasing cash flow and there is no one individual other than frankly in this position because I have my job that can’t change that belief and that business plan of this company. Having said that Alex clearly with Jim’s background, he is not going to be spending as much time on the Investor Relation side as Andy does, we will have to make sure that we’re covered there. But it will free up time for looking at capital allocation alternatives that as you point out with Jim’s background should be greater than today. That may or it may not mean that there are additional uses of the capital coming in the future, it depends on what it is that we find, the rating agencies who we met with, absolutely understand that in terms of the discipline that is a hallmark of this company and that it would be wrong to look at that change and say oh my God there is going to be a whole bunch more stuff that gets done. There is going to be the whole bunch more stuff that gets looked at, reviewed, discussed, strategically reviewed, that kind of thing. But whether happened or not, it is fits in the box of the Federal Realty business plan, that is and has always existed fundamentally.
Andy Blocher: There is, it’s a great – as you know that’s a great color. I mean the reason Simon putting money into this, into that mall is because it’s a very successful mall and has opportunity. The reason we’re putting money is to that extent is because it’s a terrific ancillary use of property to the mall and has a great opportunity. Melville is in the same categories there. The leases are more restrictive with respect to getting some of that stuff done. I mean as you drive by Melville, you say man this is a nice piece of land, it should be more that can happen there. There may be some day but there are lease restrictions in community points of view there. Now we have to work through and just like we do in any of our other properties, we’ll be doing that, we are doing that and, it’s in this portfolio of a pretty darn good 19.5 million square feet.
Andy Blocher: Yeah. So, from an entitlement standpoint everything is progressing as expected and on schedule. We have a council hearing next week, we’ve got through our planning commission here in a couple of weeks ago and got unanimous approval so from an entitlement standpoint everything is moving forward as expected, construction costs are actually shaping up to be a little bit less than what we thought when we originally got into the project but we don’t have everything nailed down there and tenant demand, we’re out in the market, we’re talking to tenants, we’ve got interest but we’re not close with anybody yet. The positive momentum is here in this part of Bay area, they’re still strong so it’s a matter of time I think until we find the tenant that’s the right fit for the building, who’s got the right financial statement and we’ll go from there, so everything is moving forward as expected.
Andy Blocher: No, it was other lease termination fees from Espree and from 3rd Street Promenade, from facilities at Boston, at Santana, this you know Rich give me a good opportunity to talk about lease termination fees as everybody like to do, for a second. I am just sitting, looking, this year clearly we’ll have boy a lot of lease termination fees, we view that as a wonderful thing, there are very few times when we effectively get paid up upfront for leased commitments that we don’t do a whole lot better in terms of the releasing of this space, economically the combination of lease termination fees plus the new rent is often much better than before. This company always will have lease termination fees as a key part of what it does, that’s because our leases are really strong. And our leases are really strong not because we have the greatest orders in the world, our leases are really strong because the properties are in great locations. And so it gives us a chance to add more leverage in terms of tenants used, lease changed, their old operations changed, they want to do a number of different things. So, the ability for us, if you look at Federal that in the last year, we had a low year in lease termination fees, we had less than $2 million. The year before that, we had $7.5 million, the year before that $6.5 million, the year before that $7.5 million. Basically over $5 million bucks a year, $5.5 million bucks a year in lease termination fees over the last five years on average. And if you look at taking that money and what has happened to those spaces in terms of the releasing. This company’s value is clearly significantly more than if those original tenants stayed in the entire time. And the same thing is going to happen with respect to Genuardi this big we have said that we just got and frankly I’ll be ready in next quarter to tell you I want to talk about all three of those deals with Genuardis and what that does to the future value of those properties and of Federal. So I guessed, I just want to make sure that any analyst who looks at the company understands the, how integral lease term fees are to our business because of the strength of the underlying contract, that allows us to get paid so regularly.
Andy Blocher: Well, it’ll be fine. And with Melissa, who you haven’t spent a bunch time with, but you will more and more, we’ve got a very, very, we got a start here, basically. And it will be very good for her carrier, it’ll be very good for the people that she is dealing with in the analysts and investor community to get to know her a little bit better. You know that, one of the things I love about what Andy has done with the process is, he has made sure that you know Dawn Becker, he has made sure that you know Chris Weilminster, he has made sure that you know Jeff Berkes. So, one other things we talked about years ago is, you got to see the depth here, the depth here is really one of the best assets of this company and here is an opportunity for you to get a little bit more visibility to that with Melissa.
