James M. Taylor: Well, I think what I said, Jeff, was that we expected to see a little bit of a downtick in this quarter as we rolled some significant space. As we look forward into 2015, we expect our NOI growth rate to be in that mid-4% -- mid-3s to 4% range, which again is on an occupancy neutral basis. Certainly if we are able to pick up some of the occupancy improvements that Don highlighted in the call we could be at the high end or above that range. But really on a run rate basis when you consider our portfolio is close to fully occupied, that's a reasonable level of expectation.
James M. Taylor: Yes, Jeff, we have and continue to see a really strong demand across all the product here. You look at Misora, and clearly that's the top of the market, the newest, freshest stuff, which is getting rents north of $3 a foot. And if you remember, too, we still have a fair number of units were built now nearly 10 years ago. And those units are very well occupied and we've been able to drive rents in that product as well. Given the success at Levare, given the success of Misora, you'll see us next year and probably trickling into '16 look at doing some upgrades on our older product to capture that rent potential.
James M. Taylor: Yes. Jason, when you consider, as Don highlighted in his remarks, our investment in the hotel of approximately $5 million, that's in a venture with Buccini/Pollin, who is one of Hilton's leading developers, very well-established and successful hotel developer and operator. But what we thought was important is that we do get to participate through this investment, which is in a preferred structure, in the ultimate success of the hotel, which we think it will be very successful given the lack of truly comparable product in Montgomery County. But in terms of its relative investment in the overall project, it's smaller for the -- some of the reasons that your questions imply. But we're excited and we think it will fit well within what we're delivering.
James M. Taylor: As you think about Phase II, we're really looking at late 2016, early 2017 delivery. Much larger retail component in that phase, Katy. And from a staging perspective we're going to be delivering more of that concurrently so that we continue the Main Street, Grand Park Avenue there following on what we're doing in Phase I. So we -- in Phase I, of course, we'll be delivering Pallas, a high-rise residential building, middle of next year, and then obviously working towards the delivery of Building 6 and 7, some of the ancillary retail buildings on the street again for later delivery in 2016 and early 2017.
James M. Taylor: Yes. And it's really all about location in that area, right? There's 200,000 people within 3 miles of Westgate. And Westgate is not that far from Santana Row and Valley Fair, which is the dominant full price shopping there, in this trade area. Yet we've been successful positioning Westgate to be the value alternative. And you can't do that everywhere, You can only do that where you've got this kind of population density and $100,000 a year average household income in that 3-mile radius. So it is very location-dependent. Just keep that in mind as you think through that across the country.
Donald C. Wood: Let me get to the last part first. Malls do not have a role at Federal. And really it's a different business, Jeff. The -- I think I've said before, we take a lot of pride in basically producing the right product for the particular environment they're in, despite whether it's grocery-anchored or outlet-based or whatever else. There is no question that having the well-located type of centers that we have -- and Westgate is a great example. Westgate was an old mall. And the notion of where that is going to service this community, the community going forward, you can't make it a good old mall. It's an old mall. So the idea of being able to take the demographics and the great location that we have and turn it into a value-based center, where we have had great success with tenants like -- these tenants, it's Gap outlet, it's J.Crew outlet. That's under construction right now. The Nike outlet concept is open, I was in it yesterday, it's blowing it away. It's about finding the right retail concepts for the locations that we're in. But the mall business is a different business and it won't be for us.
Donald C. Wood: Jeff, let me add one more, a little bit more color to it. We're taking this call right know, the whole management team is at Santana. We're sitting in a conference room there because our board meeting was out here over the last couple of days. And I was going through Misora yesterday. I was going through it with the residential-leasing person, who has been here 10 years. She lives here. And she basically -- she blew me away. She could sell anything because she knows the place so well. She knows the 3 or 4 different residential type products that we have here. She is amazingly optimistic, based on what is happening with the Street and what's happening in the economy together, and it really does get to the point. If you haven't been to Santana in a while, take a trip. It's really compelling. And what it really does say is in these type of projects, if you do them right, if you continue to work them, the benefit, the premium to live here or to office here is -- it's real. We did just sign an office lease here with Avalon Bay.
Donald C. Wood: And Avalon Bay is putting their west -- I think it's their western region headquarters here. A very strong market number to be here. It's all here because of the environment. It really works if you do it right. The upside continues.
Donald C. Wood: Yes. Jason, it's a very good question, and I'm going to let Jimmy go through specifics with you in a minute if that's helpful. But the basic concept, we're putting together these environments, there's no question in our mind that it is the mix of uses working together that creates the upside at a premium above what normally happens with these uses separately. A vibrant hotel in the middle of one of these projects is a clear, clear positive. Now, we're not in the hotel business, so we need to figure out how to underwrite it and how to mitigate that risk. And I'm going to talk about that with the structure in a second. The same thing on for-sale housing. We're not in the for-sale housing business per se. But to the extent, we could, on a risk-adjusted basis, include those elements into the overall basic business of retail and renting apartments that we think we do pretty darn well, we really enhance the ability to get paid on the other uses. So it does come down to the structure of the uses that we don't know as well. And I'll let Jimmy take it from there.
Donald C. Wood: The overall experience on resi up there clearly has me envious. And when I take a look at any -- there is no trend in a month here or a quarter here, et cetera, with respect to leasing velocity. The -- it's Boston and the season is changing. And so I'm sure that's part of what's happening in that second building. Remember, they had 2 buildings there. The first one is done. And so you saw that initial lease-up in that first building that was really spectacular and, as I said, makes me a little envious. The second building that is there is really just being delivered and just getting started now. So I would expect them to have nothing to worry about as you get into next year. But it's certainly not because of a strong in one period and then weaker in the next. If you were there, and you kind of saw how it played out, you would understand our optimism. When we fit out and we think about the next phase that we're talking about right now, we do expect residential, as we've said in the past, additional residential in that second phase. We absolutely believe that market will be very deep for residential demand. And so there'll be some phase of residential. But we want that streak to be longer. We want the retail environment to be deeper than it is today. And even what it is today is outperforming what we had in terms of expectations.
Donald C. Wood: Paul, I have to tell you one other thing. How many times are we talking about building what it is that we do in the mixed-use basis and then having all the adjacent landlords effectively benefit as a result of that, and God, if we only knew more. Here we are in a situation where it's reversed. And I think you know Ramone and Guirre [ph] out here. These guys do a great job. And they've done a fine job in their first phase. They will, I assume, be able to continue and finish that up, as Jeff had said. And that can only be great news for the benefit to that -- north of the property that we are adjacent to.
Donald C. Wood: Yes. There's a number -- there's a lot of things we're thinking about. It is awesome to have the metro going there. We're watching numbers, by the way, month by month to see what's playing out. As I think I've said here in the past, we didn't want to be first to the game at Pike 7. What was really needed in that community was a nice big parking lot in front of a traditional shopping center. And that's worked out really well for us. As you see it grow now and as we'll be -- as we're looking at it, we do have adjacent property owners, and ironically Avalon is one of them, in the back, that if we put those 2 pieces together might be even a more compelling type of project going forward. We don't know whether there will be a deal there, but it's one of the things we're looking at. If not, simply on the existing property, because of where that metro stop stops, there will clearly be more density, but we can't tell you too much more about that yet. We've still got some years left in the leases that are there.
Donald C. Wood: Always possible, but I wouldn't count on it. When you think about capital allocation decisions, which is certainly what that is, in the biggest way, it's fantastic to be able to have controlled lands and controlled opportunities that we've got for years and years to come. So sure, if something were compelling, I know I've been looking for 15 years, I know I haven't found anything in a significant way that's compelling. So underwrite that low.
Donald C. Wood: No. No thought to change. In fact, I'd love to increase our scale there with the right type of products. But as you say, it's hard to make deals that make sense. We've said, I don't know if you heard in the prepared remarks that I went through, but I really did try to highlight Tower Shops just outside of Fort Lauderdale because of demand exceeding supply on the -- on that -- in that particular node, on that type of property, a large property. And we'd love to have a few more of those. There's a couple of things that we're looking at right now. But prices are high, so it's got to make some sense for us.
Donald C. Wood: There's no question in my mind they can. There's no question in my mind. Now, listen, every retailer has got their business plan. And certainly, when you talk about those outlet tenants, we just have experienced at Westgate. Nike will be there with Gap. Gap will be there with J.Crew. They clearly like to work together. But in that center, which also has a big Target, which has Ross, which has Old Navy, which has Burlington Coat, which has Nordstrom Rack, when you think of how they all work together -- there are also full priced small shop tenants in there. It can work together. But it depends on the particular environment and really what their choices are in the marketplace. If you've got a hole in the market, there's much more openness to be able to -- from those retailers to be able to do a deal where historically they weren't.
Donald C. Wood: Yes. It's a great question and I did say, somewhere along the line in this call earlier, I was talking about Santana and the 3 very -- 3 or 4 very different types of products here and how they work together and aspirationally help. A resident who comes into one of our products looks to -- if they like where the environment is, they'd love to step up to something a little bit more expensive or move it along as they go. When you think about Pike & Rose, the PerSei building that we're leasing up very well now there is a -- it's a luxury product but it's not the high-rise. The high-rise is a different type of living experience and that's what the -- that's the next thing up. When you get to the second phase and we look at the product that's going there, it will be right on the street. It will be right in the center of the product. It will be directly across the street from the hotel and condos on top of that hotel with retail. So it will be in the center of the action. Some people like that; some people don't like that. The ability to create enough balance between different product types on the entire site is the key to making it all work out. So while they're similar, they're located differently, they feel a little bit differently, their height is different. But it's all going to be upper-middle product, if you will.
Donald C. Wood: It depends. I mean, we target and we get in over half of our leases 3% bumps. 3% annual bumps is a big deal. Does everybody try to stop and negotiate, too, or something different? Of course they do. But in the small shops, in well-anchored shopping centers that we have, we're still largely able to get that. That hasn't changed very much at all. The biggest push from tenants, the biggest change over the years, and it's something that we think about and work on hard, is the capital requirements. There is no doubt that any well-capitalized tenant -- anybody who doesn't need money wants money from the landlord. And so we battle that. It's not nearly as much as the bumps, at least from my perspective, as it is the capital contribution. And we're not going to invest in anybody who we don't see a future in. So that's partly a credit decision, too. Big part.
