Donald Wood: Yes. That's a good question, Craig, and it's something we're on all the time. There is no doubt that that leverage has moved to tenants as we talked to before from landlords. There is also no doubt that we don't do deals - we don't need to do deals effectively that are - that don't make sense in and of themselves, and that's a really important part. When you look at the value creation that we've got, there is no doubt that even though there is more capital going out selectively, because we're not going to invest capital where we don't believe that income stream is going to be sustainable or be maintained. And I will tell you - let me give you one great example. When you look at our numbers this quarter, you will see that - you'll see a renewal that has a lot of capital in it. That is one specific deal on Greenwich Avenue and Greenwich Connecticut for our completely redone and extended lease term with better credit that we were able to enhance in terms of the deal that allowed us to put capital in a completely redone facts or looking to do that. We won't do that until all obviously it's been supported and it works in terms of the agreement that we have. But would we invest on Greenwich Avenue and Connecticut to be able to lockdown that location for the next 20 years, you bet we will. That's different than just say an overall comment of you're going to throw capital at deals - to make deals, because if you do that those deals often don't work. So the selectivity in terms of where it's being spent during this comes - certainly a change in the - in consumer buying habit has to be selectively applied. With great real estate you've got more choices to do or not do it. Without that great real estate it's harder and I believe that's really true. I'm sorry for the long winded answer but I hope that helps.
Donald Wood: No, we're paying a property management fee. And that's typical in a setup like this. Just like we got paid property management fee as part of our joint venture with Clairon that we formed in 2004 and dissolved in the last couple of years. The operating partner just paid management leasing fees.
Donald Wood: On that contract, just to be to clear to Dan's point, Jeff, that's because we bought River Point earlier in the year, we're able to 1031 into this. So we have a huge gain to the extent this property closes which we expected to. So we are limited by that in terms of creating cash beyond this. But there are some cases that we can cover it and that's what we're working through.
Donald Wood: It's great question, Jeff. There are absolutely no sacred cows in this portfolio. But what we do believe I mean this is a handpicked portfolio, one off. And so when it comes to - I hate using the word trophy but to the extent we've built something or created something which we believe is the future, which is a real big part of what you should be thinking about, right, 2022 instead of 2012 out there. We believe in the long-term growth of those assets. It's not because they're sacred cows, it's because we love them is because the future potential on them. So I hope that helps.
Donald Wood: Christy, the only thing I would add to that is, if you look at our track record, this whole notion of balance where it's so critical to who we are. So we do equity we don't do big amounts of equity. We do debt deals, a big source of debt in relation to the overall market and even on the asset sales for other reasons. We try to use all the tools in the tool box here. So it's all on the table of course, as we run our business plan including finishing out the Phase 2s of these assets. But you shouldn't expect to see anything that makes us say, oh my god, well - crazily diluted or anything. The choices that we make are balanced, it's just critical to what we do.
Donald Wood: Christy, I want to add one thing if I can about Splunk. It's important. It's hard if you think about all the irons in the fire and the office stuff that we do, the residential stuff that we do, all the proactive redevelopment. It's hard to kind of put a matrix up and have Federal's numbers on an apples-to-apples basis with every other shopping center company that's out there. You know I don't believe in it in terms of how we look at the over the lines module on same store. But Splunk, the ability to put - you guys, our investors gave us $112 million that we put to work at a nine, and we put that to work here at Santana Row because of all the decade and a half of work that created the environment in the first place to allow that to happen. So I never want to sound or feel anyway apologetic for that investment - actually the investments that we make, and that it's at a stabilized property of ours. And I just want to make sure that when you look at Federal in total it doesn't fit the box exactly of a shopping - a grocery and a shopping center company which we're offering compared to. It sure checks every box in terms of growing cash flow and value creation. That's the only point I want to make.
Donald Wood: That's a great question, Paul, and I - and let me put it in this context. Our job is to on a risk adjusted basis make investment decisions that give us the best chance to create an increasing stream of cash flow and value creation. And when it comes to thinking about 2022 and not 2012 and you think about the fact that there's a lot of retail in this country that mind you is obsolete in terms of where we are going, not today, where we are going. And when you sit and you think about that and you've got a community that has basically 6.5 square feet of retail space per capita and a ridiculously low number compared to everywhere else in the United States, it's pretty clear to us that the serving of those customers is behind the income generation and the population growth and the education increase that have happened within that population. So sure, we love that. In fact as I said in my prepared remarks, I mean we wanted to do this, I wanted to do this in Miami six or seven or eight years ago. We just couldn't find - first of all, we didn't have the expertise and second of all, we couldn't find enough critical mass. The fact that Primestor has been doing it and getting it to this point over its period of time, and that we can have this relationship with them is really important to the future. And when you think about the high-end mixed used stuff that we have on one side of the company and that's 25% or 30% of the company or so, this part in terms of demographics and density that is so important to us on the other side and growing, yes, I certainly hope we can use this as a platform to increase first in Southern California and then over time we'll see about other markets. But there's clearly more to do in Southern California.
Donald Wood: Yes. That schedule that we've been handing out does exactly that and it does do exactly that. And actually I'm just buying time for Dan to get out - get that out in front of him. So you can get a pretty good idea as Daniel, if he can kind of layout just in rough numbers how much in balance of '17, how much in '18 and then '19. '19 on those deals - yields are when do you've got most of it in there. But it will be coming up rather strongly through the second half of '18 and that's probably the deal - is the second half of '18 deal, for example, at Assembly.
Donald Wood: Well, I'm going to - Dan's looking at the schedule particularly, but let me give you the overall answer to that, Ki Bin. When you look at the deals we do and a bunch of these deals are in properties that we're redeveloping because that's just part of what we do. One of the things that I've always had an issue with and that we're trying to figure out in our reporting is how this works out with the redevelopment schedule. Because overall, when we're doing deals in a redeveloped shopping center or a shopping center that we're trying to redevelop, I can tell you that the capital that is going into any particular deal works within the overall investment committee approved budget of that overall shopping center redevelopment. Are there deals that we will do to effectively - subsidize deals that effectively get other things done in that redevelopment, sure there are. But overall, that when you look at the value creation in that redevelopment the capital in there works. Now how to translate that to the specific 8-K and what it says, I got to turn it to Dan and let - because I don't have to add anything to it. But that is the single biggest thing and I love that you're looking at capital. I think you should look at it all the way around and I think you do. If you come back - if you come down and we kind of go through some of those redevelopment economics you'll see what I mean pretty clearly.
Donald Wood: Let me just add one thing to that. Primestor had a lot to say here in terms of who they wanted to marry up with because we basically took out cap serves in terms of the money to in the biggest way. And so the idea of who they were going to partner with was going to be where was their shared vision, where was there something more than just a money partner who was going to put this together and be able to see things in terms of the way we see merchandising communities and where we're at we're adding value. So I think there was a common ground early on in our negotiations with the Primestor team that was important.
Donald Wood: It's a great question, Floris. I mean look the idea of our overall investments in our properties and what we're trying to do to make them as relevant and that is such a word, man, that's the word, relevant five years from now. We kind of - everything we kind of do is look forward five and look back five. And when you think about the difference between back five and 2012 in terms of where the prospects future are and forward five to 2022 they're very different. So obviously we want to use retail. But the reason we use retail as the center piece is because that is how we get gatherings of human beings to experience life. So whether that is in a grocery anchored shopping center that is - in very most of in our cases the best center in that market or whether it's a big mixed used project or whether it's in a Primestor asset frankly, what we are talking about is the merchandizing that is going to be sustainable relevant five years from now. So you bet, you've obviously seen because of the mixed used form of our business, the increase in our residential income stream and the increase in our office rent income stream. So that starts out as 15% of our income stream between the two at this point, and yes, that is - that continues to grow. But you do see additions to entertainment, the right type of food uses, there hasn't been an increase in our grocery business in any significant way. There's been redevelopment and bettering of the ones that are there, there's been investments that way, but not in the overall income stream. That is 8% that has been about 8% more before we had the residential and the office component throughout the company obviously. And when you get down to health and beauty, there is no question. We've made the specific effort to increase health and beauty and fitness as a component. And it all ties in to where we see the world going in 2022 in the particular markets that we're in. So I hope that helps.
Donald Wood: Yes. It's a real good question. I'm looking at over a bit. I want to make sure that doesn't get lost. I don't want everybody to supply numbers because we do have dilutive value creative of things. The demolition will basically be done in the first quarter of 2018, that goes the right to the P&L. Number, rough, pick a number out of your head. I'm looking at - there's all kinds of things happening. I mean that's $0.015. So that's the start. That doesn't include the fact that tenants that were paying rent will no longer be paying rent while we work it through. So that's - I don't know if you want to use two cents on that enough, but you got two cents sometime certainly in that on CocoWalk in 2018.
Daniel Guglielmone: You bet, Alex, and make sure you calling it Primestor, not star. But Jeff Berkes is on the call and I want to make sure that he takes the first shot at this.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Now I think it's something that certainly we've stepped up this activity this year. I think this year we expect to achieve the total asset sales we've made over the last five years. We are still constrained by the fact that we have significant gains embedded in our assets, so that gives us a little bit of limitation on how much we can step up that activity without kind of using 1031s to kind of mitigate those gains. However this year, I think we expect to - we have one asset under contract we expect to close as Don alluded to. We've got…
Daniel Guglielmone: Well, I think the $70 million to $100 million is inclusive of the West Coast office building that Don alluded to, and we've got another asset or two that are in the market and in the queue. But with regards to - I alluded to it in my remarks and I think we positioned the balance sheet to allow us to be opportunistic with additional issuance of debt and equity. Be opportunistic on the asset sale front, utilize the free cash flow that we'd continue increase and generate in our business. And the A minus rating affords us other opportunities to tap into the capital markets. We'll be opportunistic but we think we've positioned the balance sheet to absorb Primestor I think very, very comfortably.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. No, I think that given in combination with a lot of the proactive releasing activity that is a drag on our portfolio, I think that we will see some deceleration in the second half of the year but we still feel comfortable that we'll exceed that 3.0% number. And Splunk, over the course of the year, is kind of in that the ballpark of about 200 basis points. But we fully - if you think about the drag that we have of about a 130 basis points on our proactive releasing efforts relative to last year, I think that we felt comfortable, given the first half performance on the same store basis to kind of a give a little bit of increased and modified expectation of 3% or better.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. And just to go on and in terms of - I think we had talked previously that we would expect kind of the balance of the leasing and - the lease rollover on the latter half of our - the pool of leasing to be done to be lower than the first half. The first 70% was done at 37%. We still expect the lease rollover to be north of 20% on the balance of this based at what we're looking on, and kind of a handful of deals that we expect to sign over the next quarter or two that won't start producing until and rent commencements until later in the year in 2018. We would expect that in the balance of '17 roughly 35% of the prior rent would hit go up to 66% in total for 2018 and then hit a run rate and hit a kind of more stabilized level in 2019.
Daniel Guglielmone: It's probably, yes, more kind of in a - on a blended basis called in a mid-20s as opposed to kind of what we had talked about 15% to 20% previously. So we continue to see on our anchor releasing, strong productivity for that pool that we - that 730,000 foot pool - square foot pool that we talked about last November.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. And I think it should - it may moderate a little bit as some of the proactive releasing the tenants take occupancy and start rent pay. So it should stay healthy but it should moderate as Trader Joe's is opening here at Assembly, kind of this month, and so, we would expect obviously that would reduce the amount of drag for the third quarter. But it still will impact kind of the balance of the year generally, but it should kind of diminish over the third quarter and further on the fourth quarter as tenants open.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. I mean if you step back and look at everything big picture, there's a couple of things you need to keep in mind. First is, Primestor was or is the leader of developing high-quality retail space in the types of trade areas that Don mentioned in his remarks, which are very densely populated. Craig, to your question the population density within three miles of a Primestor center north of 300,000 and the Federal center is - it's a little bit less than half of that. So significantly more dense than our portfolio on average.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, I mean - just following up a little bit Don on what you said. Keep in mind that like Don said, Primestor is not two or three guys and a New York [ph] office that just happened to have a few assets and needed some capital, right. They've been around since 1992, 25 years. 30 to 35 people, and they have a material investment in our joint venture going forward. They are committed, as are we, to growing and expanding this strategy in Latino community in Southern California and hopefully beyond that and other markets where we operate, provided we're able to find the kind of trade areas like we have here in Southern California where demand exceeds supply. That's what it's all about, that's what we intend to do. And it's important to know that because a lot of times when you hear about joint ventures where read or some other institution is coming in with an operating partner, the operating partner is just that. It's a handful of people that don't really have a real investment in the deal and that don't have the unique skill set and Primestor certainly does. This is not something that really we or anybody else that's like us could go and then do. It's taken them years to develop relationships with the communities that they operate in and the tenants - to help the tenants understand that they can come into these centers and be very productive and make money and that's very valuable. And without them…
Jeff Berkes: To promote, yes, there's a promote. It's a backend promote and it's over an IR hurdle just like again a traditional joint venture structure.
Jeff Berkes: I think you covered it pretty well, Don. The growth on our underwriting is not - is similar from our existing portfolio comparing on how you look at it or over what period of time you look at it, it's kind of mid-two to three without giving any space back early. And without maybe tweaking around the edges on some of the assets and adding a pad here and there or acquiring an adjacent property. So I'd call it again, right now down in the middle of the play in terms out backs up from annual NOI growth perspective to the rest of our portfolio.
Jeff Berkes: It was, but in a different way that we ended up executing it is probably the best way to say it. They came to the market with an advisor to a select group of people and what they were looking for really didn't work or fit for our needs, and we were able to craft a bigger relationship with them out of the discussion and ended up where we ended up.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, I would say the usual suspects. I would imagine that their advisor did a good job of talking to other institutions and possibly other REITS, and what you would expect in this kind of process, right.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, to take the last part of the question first. We definitely have priority on new investments, again, that's a pretty typical feature in any joint venture. In terms of what they have in the portfolio right now that didn't come along with us, I think for the most part we got license that we got - we were able to invest in what we wanted to invest in.
