Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Now we'll go to rent spreads to FFO first. The rent spreads we announce are for deals that are signed during the quarter. They will not start for the next year or two, so there's obviously, and that's just one component of how our company grows, which is what the rent spreads are. As we said we also grow rents from contractual rent bumps, which we'll get this year, it is two-and-a-quarter percent retail leases only both anchor and small shop blended that we see in our portfolio, a little bit higher, if include the office leases where we get a little bit higher bumps.
Dan Guglielmone: Look, we provided goal post or guide posts that that got us to 2023, and we've hit that here in 2022. We're going to provide guidance in 2023 on our February call, but one thing I will tell you is we will see really, really good and strong robust property operating income at the property level in 2023, and we'll continue to see growth coming from our non-comparable portfolio, coming online as well contributing and that obviously in this environment we'll have to counter inflation on operating expenses and we'll look to counter the impact of interest expense.
Dan Guglielmone: Well, yes. I don't think there's a lot of wondering about that. If you take a look at history, obviously this isn't the same as the great financial crisis. It's not the same as the dotcom crisis of 2000, 2002 Craig. But it is clearly a period or going into a period of reduced economic activity, call it what your will. It's why we own the properties we own. It's why the demographics we believe are incredibly important going forward. So what those exact numbers will be and what they're – what the future holds and in terms of both inflation and reduced economic activity, I firmly believe we'll outperform. And I believe that just as we have in past cycles, because the affluent, the density and the barriers to entry of where we are, I go back to those numbers because they’re so important. When you’ve got $10 billion of income power within 3 miles of a shopping center, it’s very hard to imagine that that’s not going to be a significant advantage in both an inflationary environment and a lower economic activity environment. So I like this on a relative basis very much.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, look, I think, you highlighted some of the color I've provided on 2023, we are going to provide more detailed, comprehensive with underlying assumptions on our February call. We're in the middle of our budgeting process. We're not done with that, that we need more visibility. And we'll have more visibility hopefully in three months. And that's when we'll give you that detailed information. And so stay tuned.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. With regards to – we kind of feel as though our 2022 guidance for – it was just a stronger outlook for the fourth quarter, significant outperformance in the third quarter. I don't think there's necessarily onetime items in there, except for prior period rent and term fees, which really third quarter over third quarter, we're roughly modest and I don't see that. It's just stronger continued expectation that the trends that occurred and our outperformance in the third quarter will continue into the fourth quarter with regards to continued strong percentage rent, continued strength in occupancy buildup, asset in our pipeline, tenants taking possession of space and then, obviously, with some offset to a higher interest rate environment.
Dan Guglielmone: Well, the difference between zero on a cash basis and 10% on a straight line are the rent bumps we're getting. And that's an important component to consider when you think about rollover is not only what is the rent you're getting at least maturity to the new market rent. But what are you collecting along the way? And so the rent bumps that you get are reflected in that straight line rent rollover number and we think that's as important the ramp-ups you get as the rollover you get at least in.
Dan Guglielmone: That's a tough one to guide because one, it's hard to really predict where the lease rate will go. I mean, we can get a sense of when leases will commence and tenants will take possession. So we think our occupied rate should get up towards – up into the 93%, up towards into the mid-93% range.
Dan Guglielmone: Where – how much leasing we can continue to do from a leased percentage and what is the holes at the bottom of the bucket where that goes is a little bit more difficult for us to forecast. But we should get back to a more normalized level over time. And I think our goal is to have both components, the metrics, the occupied in lease metric continue upwards, but narrowing it over time into 2024 and 2025, probably in that time frame.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. The number that we report, which is – includes the headwinds from term fees and prior period rents. In the fourth quarter, should be about, call it, 3% to 5%, in line with what we did this quarter at 3.7%. Our year-to-date number is 8.8%, which I mentioned, and we provided 7% to 8% for the year. So the 3% to 5% is what is implied in the fourth quarter is what is implied with the overall guidance. And obviously, that will be higher. We expect because of prior period rent continuing to be higher last year than we expected this year should be higher in the fourth quarter than that 3% to 5% range, probably more in the – something of around 5% to 6%.
Dan Guglielmone: Look, I think we’ve taken advantage of the opportunity on that note. We’ve taken advantage of the opportunity to improve the credit of our small shop tenant base and so forth. And I’ll let Wendy answer that in a second. But let me answer the first part of your question. The peak, which was back pre-financial crisis was up around 94%, I think that 92% is kind of a reasonable targeted level that we’ll try and achieve over time on the small shop side.
Dan Guglielmone: As of today, we’ve got about 881,000 still expiring and anchor 1.6 million or 1.7 million in total. And obviously we’ve got the leasing that we’ve got done. I don’t have specifically that number. Probably makes sense, we could follow back up with you with regard to specifically how much of that specifically has been leased.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. I think we need to kind of spend some time getting through the budgeting process, fine tuning that. That’s a tough question today for us to assess. We’re in – we’ll have that ready and done in January, and hopefully we’ll provide some of that guidance when we provide more formal guidance on the February call.
Jeff Berkes: And I would just add Alex to the implication of your question, which I understand an let me just say there are two things when we gave that those goal posts back there, it was obviously based on the timing of the recovery. As you said the timing of the recovery has clearly been faster and that's great news, but also to your point not only the timing of the recovery, it's been the strength of the recovery. So I would expect that POI growth and the property level to be even more robust than when we set those guideposts back in – whenever we set them in 2021 or 2020 effectively. So at the POI level, you're darn right this business is performing as good or better than it ever has and a lot of that's post COVID. Obviously we got to deal with the current macroeconomic situation in terms of interest rates and all, but overall your point is a good one that that not only did we get there faster, we got there in 2022 verse 2023, but if you were to reset today and look at those POI goals that those goals are effectively even better with respect to the core portfolio because of the strength and the leasing over this period of time.
Jeff Berkes: Hey Steve, it's Jeff, I’m just backing cleanup here. We've probably got another a 100 basis points to go to get to where we want to be on our signed not occupied percentage. We're sitting at 220 basis points today, and historically that's been a 100 to 125 basis points. And like Wendy said, we are doing everything we can, working our relationships with not only the tenants but also the people that do the work both inside the company and outside the company to build out space as fast as possible and get runs started. That's really been going well for us the last six, eight quarters. We hope to get that shrunk down in short order exactly when it'll happen. Like Don just said, we can't tell you, but that is a primary objective there.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, I mean, setting 9:15 and once Santana was aside, our office portfolio is 97%, 98% leased. And the reason why it is, is because all of our office locations are amenitized, and we've been saying this for a long time, that is the new standard for having office space. If you can't offer your employees amenities, you can't keep your buildings leased. And we have amenities and space at our properties, that's why we're 97%, 98% leased. Big change out here in Silicon Valley. We talked a little bit about this last quarter. But three, six months ago, the big question here was when are we going to get people back to the office? And I think I said on last quarter's call that Apple, Google and others had made the decision to get people back right after Labor Day. And that has in fact happened. If you live or work out here, you notice it when you turn on the TV in the morning and see the traffic stacked up to get over the Bay Bridge, or you drive down 280 past Apple's headquarters, there is a line of people that get off 280 at the Apple headquarters exit. So the conversation has changed from when to what. And the what is all about what do we need in the way of space to right size our requirement and provide our employees what they are demanding, which is state-of-the-art space with state-of-the-art systems and amenities. So the confidence that Don just mentioned is because of that. And if you look around Silicon Valley, there is really only one building that's state-of-the-art with state-of-the-art amenities, and that one is Santana West. So, I wish we could say when we can't, but we remain positive on our prospects to lease that building.
Jeff Berkes: Hey, thanks Derek. Yes. No, look with the exception of Bed Bath & Beyond that's probably at the top of our list. We only have about 83 basis points of exposure to them. About 60 basis points of that is to the Bed Bath name. Other than them, nobody else is anywhere close to material in terms of folks were focused on, they were all single digit basis points of revenue. And so there is really not anything that's on the near term concern list for us. 
Jeff Berkes: Yes. The year-over-year revenue growth at our stabilized property at Assembly Montage and our stabilized building here at Santana Row, it's kind of low to mid double-digits, Greg. We do have one hand tied behind that are back a bit in Montgomery County because of the rent restrictions there that were just recently lifted and we are starting to work through the rent rule in the Montgomery County assets. But where we haven’t been restricted, the lease trade-outs have been incredible and the year-over-year revenue growth has been incredible. Also doing a good job managing expenses over the past 12 months so residential has been a great contributor in the company.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, it's Jeff. We've had a partner in that asset for a very long time approaching 30 years that needed some flexibility on their exit from the asset. So we structured a deal that gave us the option should we decide to exercise it next year to go ahead and take them out. I think the cap rate that we used to value the asset was in the upper 5s. Escondida has been a great property for us over the years, one of the stronger growers in our West Coast portfolio so little bit of a win-win for everybody there.
Don Wood: Craig, it’s hard to imagine that’s not the case. We’re taking this call today from Santana Row out in the middle of Silicon Valley. There’s always confusion is Silicon Valley, the Bay Area and the stuff that you hear about San Francisco, it couldn’t be – 40 miles is a 1,000 miles away in terms of markets. I’m looking out on this street right here, if you saw the activity, if you saw the restaurant numbers in particular that are generated here, it goes to validate your point critically. We’re seeing the same type of thing in those restaurant numbers at Assembly Row and at Pike and Rose. And so the notion of the combination of those type of properties along with a very substantial grocery anchored shopping center portfolio together, I think makes your point crystal clear.
Don Wood: And I guess, Steve, with respect to the second part of your question, I would very much expect this portfolio to be a 95% plus leased portfolio. Now, the notion of the timing of getting there is dependent on the number of things. First of all, we’re not solely driven by occupancy. We’re driven by economics and value creation. And I’ll give you a perfect example. What happens with the Bed Bath & Beyond’s as we go forward? If I had my way, we would get them back as soon as we can and we'd lease them to more productive tenants at higher rents. That's what we'd like to be able to do. Now, that doesn't mean we won't extend one for a year, another year, whatever, but I guess occupancy per se, my point is here is only one consideration in trying to reach the goal. It's not trying to get to 95% no matter who and no matter when. And that's an important thing to understand. And I do think that that's something that we put a lot of weight on the balance necessary to be able to get there. The second thing is obviously the leaks in the bottom of the bucket. What are we going to see over the next couple of years in terms of tenant failures, et cetera? Obviously, we've gotten into this period of time of post-COVID in a better position the industry has because of the loss of weak tenants at the beginning of COVID. And at this point it's still looking really strong and I don't see a lot of leaks at the bottom of the bucket beyond the Bed Bath and always a few small shops, et cetera. But what the extent that's going to be is going to determine the timing of the question that you're asking. I would hope to be there within a couple years.
Don Wood: Yes, we've made good progress on that. It used to be north of 300 basis points spread. We've got it down to 200 on our way to that targeted, 100 to 125 basis points.
Don Wood: Yes, well, obviously that's all in that state of flux as the capital market are in that state of flux. So within the context of that, Steve, the bottom line is we're still – we always through periods want to make sure that the company continues to view capital on long-term weighted average cost basis, not just yield for a particular project at any one time because it's as uncertain in terms of where it's going to end up at this point. We have clearly put the brakes on some of that capital deployment for new projects, unless the project that we're working on is very clearly not only needed for the asset, but very accretive. And that puts it up in those 8%, 9%, 10% ranges to be able to do right now. That won't stay like that forever. We just want more visibility in terms of where that overall cost of capital will end up. And I think you would probably agree somewhere by the middle of next year, we will have an awful lot more visibility than we do today. 
Don Wood: Derek, it's a great question. I really appreciate that. Let me start by saying, – and I've said it a million times, but I couldn't believe it more, all office is not created equal. The notion of having the type of office product that we do, which is solely at our big mixed use development, so therefore solely driven by the retail environment effectively, that is the differentiator here along with new buildings. If there is any demand for office space, how can that not be knowing the economy, knowing the proclivities of CEOs and hiring managers, et cetera, How can that not be the best product available? We remain as confident as we've ever been. As I said, we just signed a lease. I can't disclose who it is at this point. So they tell their employees, et cetera, over at 9:15 meeting at Pike & Rose. In terms of Santana West, we're not there on anybody yet, but we remain as positive as we ever have with respect to the product. The reason I'm out here at Santana row and why we held our board meeting out here over the last couple of days was to make sure our board saw what we see in terms of the product that we are delivering here and heard from Jeff, who you will hear from here in a second in terms of this environment. You got to be about this over the middle term.
Don Wood: On average those are low rents. They are $15 or so, which given our centers again, on average is fairly low.
Don Wood: It's funny. I had a laugh because when we were preparing comments on what Dan was going to say for 2023, I thought he was given too much at that point. But if a heck, we’ll try to get more out of it at this at this point, stay tuned.
Don Wood: Yes. I think that prior period rent, what we think about and how we're thinking about it currently is what's prior period rent that we expect to collect that's related to COVID modifications that to previous deals with tenants. That's about $8 million to $10 million this year, it's probably going to be probably in and around $5 million plus or minus. Use that as a placeholder for now. We'll have more guidance there. Certainly, a lot less impactful than it was last year in 2021 to 2022.
Don Wood: Yes, it's a great question. So you know what that's about, Greg, is about pushing rents hard, particularly of Fed Assembly. And so we were we lease that up so fast that as the turns happened, we wanted to push rents to find the equilibrium lost as a point or two of occupancy, which is just fine. It's funny when you – and going back even to Steve Sakwa's question earlier, what should this portfolio be leased at? I always say 95% or so because it's not just about leasing it up and getting the building filled. It's about making the most money with it. And so the notion of testing where the rates are, where they can be, where they should be relative to occupancy, always makes me more comfortable in the 95%, 95.5% range. For 97%, 98%, it feels like we're leaving money on the table. So there's nothing more to look into that – into it than that. Extremely strong growth, I don't have those numbers actually at either Santana or at Assembly, but they're strong.
Don Wood: There's a bunch to unload in that question. And I heard something that you said that kind of that I'm not sure the premise is right. Part of the reason that you don't see occupancy going up as fast as the overall lease volume that we have is because often, we lease space for which there is already a tenant still there. And the way we think you should show it is if it was occupied before, yes, you're showing it in your lease rollover, but it's still occupied. So it's not going to change that occupancy number. That's a much bigger component than any move outs, if you will, that are diluting the occupancy number. So I kind of got caught when you said that, that got stuck in my head. It's the part of your question that I wanted to argue you about. And I'm not sure there was anything else in there for me to answer to.
Don Wood: I do want to make another point and make sure you're getting the specific – what this is all about. The difference between signing a lease and getting rent started is all based on the tenant construction and the tenants, the permitting process, tenant coordination process. That's been one of the things that has really dogged this industry for the past three years since COVID, supply constrained environment, the logistical problems, et cetera. So really, what you want is to get that tight because what that means is the time between a signed lease and the time and that rent start is the most important thing. Yes, over COVID, that was going to be exaggerated because you were doing leases in such volume that it took time to get that rent started. But the objective should be to get that number lower and lower, not necessarily to have it as wide as it can be because that to me suggests that we're not getting tenants over. And that's really important. So Dan, answer is absolutely correctly, but I just want to make sure that you kind of get what that metric means on an overall basis and how – why it's so important for us to get it down to 100 to 125 basis points.
Don Wood: Hey, Juan, I got to add something to this. As I said, the notion of the question means that there’s a premise here that local tenants are poorer credits than regional tenants. And I have a problem with the premise because what we have found is local tenants by and large do whatever they have to do to not lose their space. They’d borrow money from families, they borrow money from other places that they have to do and they keep it going. So if history is any indication here, we would expect to Wendy’s point as to why the small shop, including and maybe especially the local tenant should outperform here is because of those reasons. They’re in places that they don’t want to lose those shops. So they do whatever they can to not lose that spot. Particularly coming out of COVID where there has been a complete influx in new money, in new tenancy and effectively a robust and solidified small shop basin total.
Don Wood: Yes, and it’s a great question. And yes, I do, expect dispositions to be a key funding source of it. One of the things we’re talking about in looking now and it’s premature is it’s pretty incredible the value that we’ve created on some of the residential product that we have. And it is such a unique funding source. And again, that’s at our big mixed use properties that that such a critical part to getting these places established and moving them along, and now they’re established. We’ll look hard at does harvesting that make any sense? And so that’ll be a component that’s in the consideration of how to fund. Secondly, the – when it gets to where to deploy the capital, that deploying of capital is very much dependent on a very localized look at demand. And making the case for the Assembly, life science development building, obviously, we want to see venture capital funding in a better place than it is today. Obviously, we want to understand what the cost requirements of building that are. And so, building by building, redevelopment by redevelopment very localized in terms of that decision making process. But again, the capital – the sale of particular assets, I just think we have more flexibility and more arrows in our quiver, if you will, to decide how to get that done then most.
Don Wood: No update to talk about there. At this point, I can tell you it’s very important to us that the entitlement process not just for that one building, but for the adjacencies to that is completed. We’re working hard on that during this pause period that could give us a whole kind of leg up if you will, when we are ready to move forward again. I also very much want to see what happens next to us with the Blackstone financed life science project to the extent who they land is obviously very important to what’s happening there. So the one thing I know that you can get comfortable with us is that we’re not formulaic in terms of those decisions. They’re very, very much revenue-based based on what’s happening around us at that particular time. So bit more time to go to see what and when there, if you will.
Don Wood: She’s simply saying, of the 1.6 million or so, 1.7 million that we’ve done this year, much of that will start in 2023. I’m not sure how to give an estimate effectively of that.
Don Wood: Yes, I’d say it’s all good stuff that you’re asking about. And let me go for a few things that that I’ve noticed along the way. There – on the retail side, very little difference in behavior in terms of getting those leases – the desirability of getting the space, and that’s why the pipeline looks as strong as it does. The question there is, it always comes down to what’s the construction of the space going to cost? And because that’s uncertain now in a period of inflation that flows down the process a little bit. And so, from a behavioral perspective, does it – will it take longer to get leases done? That’s a potential effect of trying to underwrite construction costs primarily, but not got nothing to do with demand. It’s got everything to do with the math of getting that done. In terms of the apartment side, you’re in a period of time here in the markets we’re at where interest rates and home mortgage is going to where they are, make apartments look awfully, awfully attractive. It’s why you’re seeing the demand that we’re seeing. I just went to the numbers here at Santana Row. It’s incredible in terms of the strength of the consumer here as it relates to apartment spending and again, the same thing over in Boston with respect to the product that we’re offering there. So, for me it always comes down to does that consumer have the means to consume? I can tell you, we’ve got a couple of shopping centers that are – where the demographics are below $75,000 of household income. There is no doubt in our mind that those shopping centers struggle more than the ones that have $150,000 and $160,000 of consumer – of household income. So from our standpoint, this is a portfolio that’s very high quality. We certainly have a couple of shopping centers, a few shopping centers at the lower end, and there’s a demonstrable difference, so that’s how I kind of look at the consumer.
Wendy Seher: So I guess Steve, I’ll take the first part of that question. And as you’ve heard in our remarks, the pipeline that I’m seeing is really strong. What we’ve just accomplished in the quarter and frankly the last 12 months by taking our small shop and increasing it by 380 basis points over a 12 month period is remarkable and proud of the team, of course. And just speaks to the real estate. As I look at what we’ve been doing, I mean, we’ve had everything from Atlanta to Nike to Dave’s Hot Chicken seems to be the big one to Petco to very broad based as it has been, frankly, in the last several quarters. So again, seeing it – and the other piece of this that is really positive is the activity that we’re seeing and the challenges that we’re having, both on the retail side and on the landlord side is costs of construction with the relationships that we have and the amount of tenants that we’re dealing with over a period of time and the credibility that we have in the market to do what we say we’re going to do. We’ve kind of been able to put our heads together and figure out how to move forward on a lease, even though some costs can be challenging. And with this transparent approach, we’ve been not only being able to get the rents that we need to have it make economic sense, but we’ve been able to grow the annual embedded increases and the leases that make sense for us. So again, speaks to the strength of the real estate and that buying power within those markets.
Wendy Seher: I would say, when I think about Bed Bath & Beyond, look at what we've done over the last, last three, four years or so, which is we've kind of reduced our exposure in that with them as a company, probably about four or five locations, so material. And as I look at what's left, we have three buybuy BABIES that are in good, healthy condition in terms of their productivity from the shopping centers. And we have six Bed Bath & Beyonds and one Harmon. And as I couldn't agree more with Don that although there would be some short term pain, I would be very comfortable controlling all of that real estate.
Wendy Seher: When I think about the small shops, we certainly had, like everyone did failures throughout the pandemic. And what we – what the result is, post-pandemic is a pretty savvy and experienced small shop that knows how to get through a difficult time. So I think our small shops are pretty on stable ground. Many of them have better balance sheets than they’ve had before. They are quite active in making sure that they’re maintaining their locations with us and growing, and certainly we’ve always felt that that local tenant really brings the color and the vibrancy to the community that we need. So I’m bullish on the small shops.
