Dan Guglielmone: I think bad debt kind of is playing out consistent with what our guidance was at the beginning of the year, Alex. I think that we’re probably getting hit a little bit less than I think that we had forecast. But look, there’s a lot of news out there and we’ve got some caution outlined for the balance of the year just because some of those tenants that you alluded to. But I don’t think we expect any near-term impact from a tenant like Bed Bath & Beyond at this point for the balance of the year and even into next year.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. I don’t have a percentage. I don’t know the answer to that question. We don’t have a policy. We have a how to create value on real estate mantra. So effectively as we look through each one of those, we consider what choices are, where the backfills are, do – are we able to now get it – the spot. I mean, Stop & Shop at Darien is really a great example. Certainly, if all we cared about was comparable POI, we certainly wouldn’t be taking out that Stop & Shop before the 2024 lease expiration. We can get at it and do something about it, we’re willing to have that conversation now. So every one of those is different. And I kind of – when I listen to sometimes the conversation, which makes it all sound simple and straightforward, I just don’t think that’s reality.
Dan Guglielmone: So let’s put it this way, Jeremy. $155 million, the lost income is below a two cap. As we pay out what we think we’ll have to pay out, it’ll still be extremely creative. I don’t want to give you numbers because we are negotiating. And – but they’ll still be incredibly accretive. So great news in terms of the value. But yes, there’ll be NOI loss there just like there will be for Darien in Stop & Shop and some other things we’re going to tell you about over the next couple of quarters. But to us that’s okay.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. no, I think like I think, pricing for us though, despite kind of – each process is very different, but I think, we met our pricing expectations and we feel good about the prices in which we’re executing these dispositions. And relative to our underlying in turn valuations, yes, we feel good about them. We think this is really attractively price capital for us to redeploy into higher-yielding and higher long-term IRR assets. So we’ll take this short-term dilution and look forward to kind of the growth creation that comes out of that.
Don Wood: I will tell you Alex, though, when you raise iPic, it’s obviously a name that’s been swirling around for months. We have had proactive other companies coming to us for that space. I don’t think we’ll have any issue there to the extent it does happen, hope it doesn’t, hope they work through it. And also I do think it’s a great product, but again, in that real estate I know you know that well, that won’t be – if it is vacant from them it won’t be vacant for long.
Don Wood: Yes. Let’s talk about both those things. They’re very different obviously. First of all, in Fresh Meadow, Queens, we’re not at all developed in terms of a plan, what that plan would be, how it would be priced, how it would be entitled, all of that. The point of all that discussion at – or that piece of the discussion at the Investor Day was simply to identify something that we have identified and are looking at hard to be able intensify the use on it. Obviously, it’s an amazing piece of land to be able to do that. How specifically that will happen is in the early stages of development. So whatever happens with rent control or anything else in New York, will play into that conversation in the early stages, not something that has to be retrofitted later on. So more to come in time but put in the back of your head, if you wouldn’t mind. In terms of San Antonio Center, look, there are a few areas that this country where economic activity is simply off the charts. Obviously, Silicon Valley is one of them. Obviously, Boston is another. Yes, that’s great that two of our largest investments in total are in those two markets. Things happen on great land in markets where demand exceeds supply. And I’m not trying to give you an economics 101 course, but that’s what that is. And with the amount of people that are moving that need to be educated in the primary school system, look, Los Altos needed a place. They couldn’t find what they wanted. They went through effectively with their neighboring town of Mountain View, a threat of condemnation and that means market value. And market values are a whole lot more than what market value used to be, none of that stuff shows in any of Federal Realty’s financial statements or cost basis company like every other company. But when you’re in places like that, that – while that particular one is exceptional, the general concept of land being worth a whole lot more than what we paid for is not unusual. And that’s really what I’m pointing to. Whether that happens again or not anywhere else, I don’t know, but it certainly factors into what it is that we – how it is that we feel about future investment on – in our properties.
Don Wood: Yes. Let’s – I cannot tell how excited we are about this, Christy. And particularly because we’re trying to serve you, your neighbors and your community. Basically, what – Stop & Shop will be not be part of the long-term deal there. We were able to cut a deal with them to have them leave, which obviously causes us dilution as that happens, again, proactively re-leasing. But I know I’ve shown you and walked you through Wildwood Shopping Center at the corner of old Georgetown and Democracy here in Bethesda. And I know I’ve talked to you about the economics, which are tremendous at Wildwood and that’s because it is a community-oriented high-end or higher-end lifestyle, if you will, type center that we see amazing similarities to in terms of demographics and other factors at Darien. So that Equinox at Darien will remain there and it’s in the middle right now being completely redone as part of our deal here. You’ll see a Walgreens here. You’ll see great restaurants here, I hope, you’ll see some cool shops and you might see, we’ll see, if we get there or not, a specialty grocer, just like Wildwood. If that’s the case at a train station directly at Noroton, which by the way, is going to be completely redone and rebuilt by the town of Darien, which is just awesome in conjunction and along the same timing of what is it that we’re doing. If you think about it, your community is going to feel a whole lot different. The 122 apartments above does make that different than a Wildwood, those apartments will all be parked underground on a tray underneath so that the retail and that ground-floor place will be all surface parked, which is just as convenient as it gets and the suburban community like Darien. So I hope that’s enough for now. I’ll absolutely share the plans and some of the pictures of what this is going to look like as we go forward next few weeks, but we’re really excited about getting underway late this year.
Don Wood: Christy, before Dan talks, I just want to make sure that you’re clear that it’s not same-store growth. But this is comparable POI. That’s a different concept that includes other stuff. I just want you to know that, I know you’d like to make it comparable to everybody else. It’s not. It’s our metric. Dan, please go ahead.
Don Wood: Craig, it’s Don. I don’t want to go into the deals that we’re talking about at that – with Hudson Bay at this point. We are talking. We are working through that deal. It is – that piece of land certainly is a wonderful place for us to do more than is there. There is no question about it. It’s high up on our list. And we do need to make sure that we are squared away with the leaseholder on that site before we talk about what is that we’re going to do. Rest assured in this portfolio, it is one of the most underutilized pieces of land in the very urban environment, if you will, as it sits right in lower Merion, directly across in City Avenue – or onto the avenue.
Don Wood: First of all, Jeff, congratulations. That is absolutely the first question in my 21 years hearing about Queen Anne Plaza. Thank you for asking that. Well it’s funny that you ask it. Because we’re looking and whether the numbers can work or not, we don’t know yet, but there is excess land. And importantly, there is a community – there is a township there that would be very interested in us to incrementally invest. But again, it’s got to make sense, it’s got to – from a – from an IRR perspective, it’s got to work. And I don’t have an answer to you that – to that yet. But I love that you asked that question.
Don Wood: Yes, and yes. When I asked the – when I answered Vince at Green Street a few minutes ago about the standard answer on lease termination fees and I couldn’t. It’s even harder to give a standard answer with respective to municipalities and how things work out. I mean, I can give you an example that you’re well aware of in Somerville, Massachusetts, where it’s been an incredible partnership. And I can probably give you an example on Rockville, Maryland where it has not been an incredible partnership during the same type of economies, today, years ago, and in between. So it really does depend – what I will say is it is absolutely critical that – it was critical for us, I don’t about everybody else, but for us it really was critical for us to decentralize the company to make sure that yes, we maybe paying a little bit more in G&A, but effectively an answer to your question unless you’re local, unless you were right there, unless you got those relationships that you can build on and you’re not some big outside national company that is faceless, it’s really hard, really hard to get what – the entitlements that you need and the help that’s necessary from the community in which you’re trying to do business in. So I know it sounds like a little bit of a cop out as an answer, but it really is true. It is very dependent. And, all you can do is make sure you’re as close to the real estate as you possibly can be.
Don Wood: Yes. I – well, first of all, let’s put it this way, Jeremy, the – we spent a lot of time on exactly this point during Investor Day. I really would love to sit and – I don’t think you were there, you might have been listening in, but I would love to spend time and get to have you fully understand this. Absolutely, on the big mixed-use projects, we happen to be in the phase, in the decade or a decade and a half long period of time that it does to do this stuff. We absolutely are in the phase where we are – where we’ve created the place on the ground floor. We’ve often started with residential above that ground floor for the 1st-phase. And now it’s about filling in around the place that we’ve created. And it’s likely that the filling in is in search of daytime population, which means office. And so if you look at Santana Row over the almost two decades, period at Santana Row, where we are today clearly is adding more office particularly in that market. We’re not adding office to run away from retail. We’re adding office to supplement the place, the 24/7 place that we have created. And the same applies to Assembly and the same applies to Pike & Rose. You’ll see – so sure, there will be more of those uses. Sure, our comparable POI is about the entire company minus things that are in and out – not as acquisitions and dispositions and things that are specifically being redeveloped. That’s it. It includes all the rest of it. All the company, GAAP, we’re not making selective decisions on what goes into that. So that’ll be what it’ll be, but I don’t want you to think that we’re running away from retail to resi or office solely. That’s – those are parts of our mixed-use developments and just where they are in the 15-year gestation period of us building them.
Don Wood: Oh, San Antonio Center, okay. San Antonia Center, we’ll lose income from the tenants on the 11.7 acres. That will be when we sell the asset.
Don Wood: Yes. They’re all different, Steve. There;s a prime store asset that we’re looking at that’s similar to what we have. More of that strategic plan – that business plan. Here we have another one under contract that is adjacent to something that we already own that creates a better piece of land, if you will, for redevelopment on it. To the extent we can take that off the – we can get that one over transit. And we have some street retail stuff that we really like, that can serve as the beginning of what we hope of business development arm in one of our markets that we like a lot. So they’re all three different and they’re all three part of our stated business plan of how we create real estate value.
Don Wood: Well, again, so on the prime store, we see internal growth of that particular asset that, that is within the Latino community that we hope we can get to that beats – with Arturo and the prime store group running it, that beats the local ownership, if you will, of that one. Of the adjacent property, it free – it opens up redevelopment that couldn’t happen without it. And on the street retail type of stuff, right, we think we’ve got rent growth there and we’re also hopeful that effectively it turns into more product with IRRs that make some sense because of the rent growth. In terms of paying for all of those, you know us, we use every tool, including assuming debt that’s on some of those assets that is attractive. And we don’t initially see any need to issue equity associated with it. So they’ll row right in.
