Daniel Guglielmone: Well, from where we stand right now, I think we have about $206 million of -- or $217 million of mortgages, which we'll refinance at the property level. So that's any of the near-term debt maturities that we have. With respect to our development spend for the remainder of the year, it stands at around $300 million roughly. We will utilize our free cash flow, which is projected to be in the $70 million to $75 million range for the year, as well as we do have some assets under consideration for sale currently. And I think we'll look to be opportunistic with regards to issuance of equity as necessary. But I think that, that is generally how the rest of the year lays out.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. No, I think that with the demo expense lighting from first quarter into second quarter and with a tough comp in the second quarter from a lease termination fee perspective, we're expecting second quarter to be lower than our first quarter same-store. I think that our proactive leasing activity is going to continue to put some pressure on our occupancy levels. And I think that we're making good progress leasing rates are increasing. However, occupancy is going to tread water for probably at current levels through the middle 2 quarters and probably look to tick up towards the end of the year. So but that's why we're keeping our same-store number kind of when you look and see and are proceeding with caution from a forecasting perspective, we're maintaining our 3% same-store growth forecast for the balance of the year.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. I think that we do a pretty rigorous forecasting as we talked, Samir, before in terms of where we expect vacancy space by space, property by property over the course of the year. And I think -- our bad debt expense over the last 5 years has run 2% to 5%, 0.2% to 0.5% I think we're kind of forecasting that same amount. We're forecasting some unexpected vacancy on top of that. And I think we feel very good about the cushion or our forecasting for the balance of the year based on where we sit today and the fact that we're really not getting impacted by the bankruptcies and the store closures that occurred have today. But we remain cautious and we remain cautious through the balance of the year getting over our SKUs.
Daniel Guglielmone: Can I say one thing on that? I think it's also really important internally that the employees done really has driven this culture internally at Federal and it's something we're all very proud of. So as Don talks externally, I also wanted to make a point, it's really important internally to us, too.
Daniel Guglielmone: With cash. Effectively, you get free cash flow, we've got asset sales that we've executed and that are in the pipeline. So it's a combination of those. When we acquired Plaza El Segundo, one of the variances we had was we were able to a very highly levered asset. We were able given kind of our balance sheet to be able to take that on and not face some of the issues that a lot of other buyers would have to deal with regards to absorbing that high leverage mortgage and satisfy the lender's requirements. So, yes, this is just the right size of it. And we fully have the cash on hand to kind of fill the gap there.
Donald Wood: That's a good question, Jeff. When I sit back, we think of it in 2 kind of buckets. The same-store portfolio and when I say same-store I certainly mean, redevelopment I mean, the stuff that we do day in and day out. And then the hedge is to create a value and not only is that obviously that Pike & Rose and Assembly and also CocoWalk, [indiscernible], there's a whole bunch of other smaller initiatives that fit in there. I'd like to break those things out going forward, and Dan and Melissa and I are talking about that to be able to show kind of the base case the wheel of the company and then what those other initiatives are doing. And the reality is as we've been saying for a couple of quarters, you've got dilution in the period of time that we're talking about, the end of '17 and into '18 from building those things and doing those. Frankly, more confident than ever before, even given the current environment, Jeff, that what's happening with the type of product that we're building, that we're doing is being accepted. So this bifurcation if you will between the have and have nots, be it quality real estate, it gives [indiscernible] becoming more pronounced to tell you the truth. And so as long as we do a good job disclosing and showing the difference between kind of the base portfolio and the other initiatives, I think you'll like what you'll see. And the reason I'd say that is, I don't know whether because of that some level of unpredictability, if you will, is how Henry leads us up, Montage leases up, et cetera, being as precise as we'd like to be for 2018 is not possible. But when you bifurcate it between the stuff that's more predictable and the stuff that's longer-term value creative, it will give you the tools to decide what you think about the value is being value creative and that's the most important thing that we want to do to improve our disclosure that way. So I'm not just -- I'm not being pinned down, if you will, to a specific number, which is really hard to do at this point in time. But the value creation part of it is, frankly, easier to see than it's ever been before.
Donald Wood: Well, it's plenty of asset because I do think that Dan was referring to in his prepared remarks with respect to the 15-year history, we've got some pretty good stuff behind that. That kind of shows, historically, what has happened as tenants go out, how they are, what's happening after releasing of that. And I've been talking to Dawn Decker, who's been here in the middle of that for the longest period of time. And we are putting together some analysis probably I have on the phone for you today. But Dan's comment, coupled with mine about over that period of time, 10 years, 5 years, 15 years, it's really clear how better quality properties perform in terms of being released and turning over rather than poor quality properties. And we're breaking that up and kind of looking that internally at ourselves a lot, and that's why I said what I said that. Maybe by the time we get to NAREIT, we'll be share some of that. But you will see a bifurcation between great assets and the not-so-great.
Donald Wood: Yes. Well, let me start, Chris, you're going to do the second part of this. The first part with respect to backfilling and the demand is, I think pretty well represented by this anchor sheet that you have all seen before, and we'll see again in terms of that 730,000 feet of anchor vacancy that we had. Do I wish it were back in the day when there were 3 and 4 tenants competing for every space? You bet I do, that is no longer the case in my conversation about the leverage that has moved 2 tenants from landlord is spatial. Having said that, as you can see if you own the great -- if you own well-positioned, great quality assets, demand is strong. And I think we're demonstrating that clearly with the empirical data with the announcement of leasing that we're doing. Deals are not as good and that -- I hate that. And that's what happens cyclically throughout our business, but demand remains strong.
Donald Wood: I think the thing that Chris is saying that it's an important point that retailers are less discerning as to the format that they're going into, whether it's a mall or whether it's opening or we're something in between. It's about where they think, they are more open-minded because they have more leverage too. They're more open-minded about where they will go to and that's why we're having success in the locations that we are in pooling malls tenants, but also pooling other types of the dwindling number of boxed tenants, et cetera, that come fill our properties.
Donald Wood: Yes, it's interesting, Paul. There hasn't been change at all in terms of what it is that we had told you and what we're expecting, although it depends on which deals, obviously. And you have to remember the big schedule that showed kind of what they are, we added this quarter a couple of deals that we're on, which included A.C. Moore. It included a fitness company that got took out Hancock Fabrics space of Westlake. We previously talked about Total Wine that was this year, but it was announced last time. Those deals were in line with what we thought it would be and they tie down into that 36%. As I look at all the remaining anchor space, I think I told you one time the implied role of the remainder was about 19%. The schedule I'll show you today shows that at 21%. Now these are small, little differences when you're talking about this amount of space. But it does all -- much of this is happening, the stuff that's taking the time particularly is happening in products, which are under redevelopment. And that's a real positive thing from a standpoint of retailer looking to what's going to invest -- where it's going to invest his capital today.
Donald Wood: But you know, Paul, this is my particular [indiscernible] in terms of these numbers what we are absolutely going to do is to enhance our disclosure. That shows, that gives you a very clear reason, very clear understanding of what's bringing same-store up and what bring same-store down. And we haven't worked that through, it's just in this quarter close, as I've said to Dan, he said to me, we've got to talk about this, we got to talk about that, but there should be a graphical way then we can do a better job communicating with you on that.
Donald Wood: Let me point to that, Samir. I don't want Dan to be mad at me for showing how quickly things can change. As of 1.5 weeks ago, we had 3 operating [indiscernible] new stores. And overnight, the Canadian company decided to close down all of its U.S. stores. They're still obligated on the lease, we will see what happens, we've got some pretty good security. But that's all got to play itself out of yet. But overnight, there was a company that closed down its operations. And so that's the kind of environment we're working. That is why you're hearing the caution throughout our whole industry. That part of it is absolutely appropriate. It's [indiscernible], are we over-the-top in terms of that caution. It's a good example, stuff like that happens every single year. And we got cushions to effectively be able to handle that. Can we handle 3 and 4 and 5 and 7 of those? No, but we don't see that's the thing. That is the type of environment we're in and that's [indiscernible] cost with it.
Donald Wood: Well, I can tell you, Samir, I'm not sure I can do the baseball analogy part. But what I can do is it's really important that each guy in my position at all of these companies has done their best over the -- not today, forget about today, over the past 3, 5, and 7 longer years to set the company up to be able to take, if they get through, periods like this, which are inevitable. And so it is -- when I look at it, it does, it is why there is development product that's coming on. It is why we've diversified a bit to include residential, to include office some other uses on the real estate we have. It is why we tried really hard to not go after the particular tenant that's doing deals with everybody like HH Gregg was 5 years ago or 7 years ago whenever the heck it was. It's a myriad of a whole bunch of things because we are in a cyclical business, there's no doubt about it. It's why I want to show you how this portfolio has performed over 15 years. And you can compare that to anybody you want to compare it to. And you'll see, well, I'm not going to tell you it's the third or the fifth or the ninth because I don't know. I can tell you how we're prepared to continue to grow, that's a bit slower. But we're prepared to continue to grow through the depths of the situation like this.
Donald Wood: That's a good question, Alex. And understanding the way we view credit, the way we view our capital, the way we view our allocation of capital is similarity with a long-term focus in mind that left side of the balance sheet, the right side of the balance sheet needs to make sense together over that period of time. There's no doubt that parts of the cycle that we're in, that we toughen that up a bit. With respect to, and we have a totally different standard to the extent that there's significant capital going into a space versus a place that's got no capital or less capital going into the space, we'll be much more relaxed in the latter case. And going through this, I'll tell you through '08 and '09 and '10, I'm not saying it's the same thing. But at a time when there's trepidation on the retailer side from however you look at it, that we had some real good experience in terms of how we take it up our credit positions, on how we thought about our allocation to capital, that same thing is happening today absolutely. And by the same token, when there are tenants who have kind of figured it out how, I mean, TJX, carries more weight with us today. They've always been a huge important tenant, but they are not over another tenant. We're looking in a particular place where we got 2 tenants competing, one of them is CDS, the other is not. And the CDS leases is clearly being given more credit -- not the one you're thinking about, Dan is looking me, I'm sorry, ordinarily. And so you're right, once you have to take that subpiece and put that within the prism of the entire long-term view that we have of creating this, making these properties as good as they're going to be in 2025, even though it doesn't feel good today when you look at the stock price or figure out how it's going to impact in the short-term same-store income.
Donald Wood: First of all, it's a very, very good question and the first answer to that always is balance, right? It's why we're not a giant acquisition shop, never were, never will be. But having said that, we did learn some pretty good lessons in 2009, '10 and '11. And the first thing that we learned during that period of time was this giant bunch of additional great property that was going to be available to us was not. And the reason it's not is because great quality real estate is not often available, and the cap rate on it often doesn't change at all in some crazy locations because it's such a rare commodity. It actually gets more [indiscernible]. So from our perspective in the type of stuff that we want, we need to maintain a business focus and a balance that includes all 5 tools, I'm not going back to the -- based on analogy the past year's because you will make fun when I do, but we do need to make sure that our toes in the water with every single tool development, as well as acquisition as leasing. So making sure that stuff that we've been working on for a long time, that could really work out well for the long-term part, piece of the company even if it seems expensive, if you will, today because of the uncertainty and what's going to happen to those cap rates, doesn't to us to the extent we know that we'll never get a chance to own it again.
Donald Wood: All right. I completely agree with you. The notion of capital to get deals done, from our perspective, frankly, has always been an important part of our business. Because often, I don't mean going back in the redevelopments, but when we have the ability to get the right tenant in the space that's going to really help us solidify shopping center, with our cost of capital, we are willing to use it with respect to that tenant. Those tenants are demanding more today, there's no doubt about that, it's an important part. What has never happened is the understanding throughout our industry of the cost of the capital, no understanding for our industry whether it is likely that after a fix leave term and option is exercised so as to which how you lay out that capital, how you get a payback, how you determine in the contract what the capital is specifically used for, it's a big deal. It ain't an open check. It can't be an open check. So just like all other parts of our business, there are differences to between how capital is employed, what the terms are, and the period to how it gets effectively paid back. We are -- we treat TIs just like we treat request for redevelopment money, just like we treat request for acquisition money, or G&A for that matter. It's allocation of capital. There's no doubt that those trends are going negative from the standpoint of landlord that we are putting more capital out. We're also saying no a lot more, too. We're saying no where we're not comfortable as that capital is going to create a return based on the life of that tenant, based on the terms that they're demanding, in terms of the use of that money. It's part of the reason these things take longer for us to get deals that. We're not going to just build it to get a deal in there. And so I don't know how you look into it deeper, but I welcome it because I think that discipline for tenant capital is every bit as important as any other use of capital. Let me do my [indiscernible]. So thanks.
Donald Wood: Yes. I don't know that I can do that. Listen, if you take a look at our schedules and pull it together from long period of time and you look at all new leases, it's hard because there's a lot of in our redevelopment capital also, but over the years, I mean, there is a clear trend to additional capital. It's not crazy. I mean, it's nothing like you're saying, oh my God, these deals don't make sense anymore. But -- and I'm afraid you have to lay out a percentage because it's not any particular 90 days or even any year. But if you look back and you can look at it over 5 years or so or even more than that, you can get the idea that there's a slow increase in the demand, the movement of risk, if you will, to reach from landlords because they perceive our cost of capital being lower in some cases and because they can. In other cases, you have to have a point to say no on deals that don't make sense.
Donald Wood: I really don't. It so hard for us. I think it's the least reliable metric that we have. Something less than 1/3 of all of our tenants report occupancy. The other thing about that is, I don't have a good number for you. I know that when we pull it together in some kind of a regular thing, that the last time we tried to make some big exercise to see kind of where that was, we're around 9%. And I still feel like that's about where we would be.
Donald Wood: Well, that by the way, those 2 questions are very different. Let me start with the last one. I mean, the negative surprises are the things that are the macro surprises. They are the [indiscernible] that decide to close all their stores over a night. We have no more visibility that way. As I said before, we do have bad cushions in our assessment, that's part of our regular forecasting process that hits that. But there are negative surprise. And depending on who they are and what happens that, that is certainly a risk. Our construction cost absolutely remaining high. I'm actually really proud of how we do manage construction costs. It's -- we certainly have our overruns at times, but usually very small or manageable. Things come up, especially redevelopments that were not anticipated, but that's always a possibility. The issues on the negative surprises are very much macro issues today. In terms of Freight Farms, I appreciate you asking the question because it's deeper than Freight Farms, and I don't want to be on a high horse here at all. But I do want to say, we always look for ways to increase the value of our real estate. And it's kind of through and through, all of our ways of thinking. And the notion of -- I mean, sustainability throughout this company is kind of the way we think. We are an urban company. And so we don't have a lot of stuff in any stuff in rural areas, we don't have a lot of stuff in suburb areas. So there's an urban thought process throughout this company. It's why there's more solar income at this company per amount of GLA than I think anybody else. I know companies like Kimco may have more solar income, but they're a whole lot more real estate, too, despite the number. So what's really an important part of the way we think. The back of a shopping center that has -- that is not the most attractive place in the world, that has great restaurants outfront. The notion of being able to use a part of the unused part of the back to put containers that are able to grow vegetables with the right light, with the right water that the restaurants outfront can use, I call it farms to table, I guess it's container to table, effectively there is a really powerful thing. It's not a powerful in terms of the income generation that Federal gets from it. It's small, it's rounding. But what it does do is create a sense of community that we tend to believe in. And so that restaurant or that investor, et, cetera look favorably to things like that, and we get an outsized benefit for doing things like that as evidenced by the call -- your question on this call. But it's more about a mindset of how we look at our real estate and our responsibility environmentally.
Donald Wood: I would say that we are already kind of locked in on our refinancing of the Plaza El Segundo mortgage. It comes due in August, we have an open prepayment in June. We'll be refinancing it, I think, we got excellent execution. I think it will be sub-4%, 3.83% for $125 million, got to right size the mortgage. We had a lot of interest from both the insurance company and the lending market and CMB assets as well as balance sheet lenders. The lending market is still very, very strong even for retail properties. I think we're about to launch a refinancing of the October maturity for the growth. And we'll let you know when we get in different feedback as we enter that process. But we fully expect to get a very, very attractive pricing on that and kind of in the 3 handle on it with significantly improving from a cash interest expense and also from a GAAP interest expense, the financing costs will come down significantly on both of those.
