Don Wood: Haendel, this is a long term business and the notion of changing the capital spending plan and issuing equity versus buying equity, etc., etc., versus based on a three-month quarterly earnings point to me is not appropriate. We have capital needs that are very clear, very much in place and all value accretive. The notion of continuing the program where we're is what we believe. Now, for things that have not started -- for developments that have not started, the CocoWalk conversation that I had in my prepared remarks, etc., it's very possible that those -- the decision could start additional will depend on where the marketplace goes in 2017. But every single thing -- I mean, the big point of being disappointed by the guidance of where we're, for the most part, as I think is pretty clear to you, is necessary to create the value that we're creating. So the idea of doing a significant buyback at this point is off the table.
Don Wood: Yes, it is good stuff. I mean what I have got -- and we're going to talk through this in Phoenix to the extent there is more time to do that and the ability to do that -- have got a schedule that shows that whole 730,000 feet. I have got a schedule that shows the 309,000 of it, the 42% that is done already that shows the specific deals and the timing of those specific deals for the 37% rollover. The rents, I have got -- that schedule shows prospects and shows approximately where we think the rents would be. Approximately they wouldn't be at 37%, but they would be double-digit and maybe more than low-double-digits, maybe higher than that. But again, that is the process that we're going through. The most important thing you have to come away with on this is that these are part and parcel of bigger -- of shopping center repositionings as opposed to filling the boxes. And I just don't think that is really kind of understood as well as it should be. It is a value creative proposition here, not a defensive one.
Don Wood: Yes, let me take the first part of that and, Dan, jump in on the second part of Jeff's question. One of the things we really wrestled with this time is pretty -- Washington DC in general pre-election kind of every year goes into a fold your hands and not do much kind of mode. And we have seen that in spades over the last three months, not only at Pike & Rose but anecdotally. Everything we hear with respect to not only any other residential project but other real estate projects, other decision making that happens has really slowed down. Now we want it to be -- we're 86% leased at Palace at about $2.40 a foot, Jeff. We expect that $2.40 a foot to grow, but far more modestly over the next couple of years than we had initially projected. So I think we're expecting that $2.40 through the next few years to go to something like $2.55 and initially that number was $2.85 or $2.90. So I want to do something for you for a second if you wouldn't mind and indulge me. And it relates to our residential operations and our ability to figure out how to do them. I think this is a good time to talk about it if you wouldn't mind. If you take a look at what has happened with us in Bethesda, what has happened with us at Santana Row, what's happened with us behind Congressional -- we know how to build residential and I think we do a really good job on it. If you were back in 2008 when we opened up Bethesda Row's upstairs product, 180 units there, we underwrite $2.55 and we hit $2.40 or $2.39 or something like that. So we missed those numbers in 2008 too and if you can imagine what 2008 was like, I think that is probably understandable. We're at $3.10 a foot today and that is an over 3% CAGR over that period of time in a market that also has a lot of additional supply. So the notion that -- and from my perspective, the prudence to take that 7% to 6% to 7% is simply a recognition of not only the supply in the market but what is happening to create that real street with the second phase right on top of the other. And accordingly, I just didn't feel right keeping that number where it was. But I am hoping that you don't view that as, well, my gosh, what in the world are these guys doing in residential. Take a look at Bethesda, take a look at the actual numbers in the West Coast, take a look at Congressional and I think you will feel a whole lot different about it. But that is where we're -- $2.40 to the mid-$2.50s or so over the period of time that we have got it as opposed to something that was much closer to $2.85 or $2.90.
Don Wood: Yes, that is a good question. Right where we expected them to be in that first phase, but even there a little slower than we had hoped. And the second phase, the big pieces that we have in place -- where is that schedule that has what was leased? The big stuff that we have on schedule; the smaller stuff that is to come will be weaker. So there will be a little diminution I expect on the retail rents that we're getting. In total on the project where we're today 48 plus 16 -- 64% of POI is already -- is basically leased or heavily under lease negotiations now and at 77% of the GLA. So a lot of it is locked in including the big important boxes that need to be there from Porsche to Pinstripes to H&M, Sur La Table, Lucky, REI, etc.
Don Wood: Yes, the easy one to talk about is Assembly. We're kicking it. We have got like 55 of them already locked up way ahead of where we thought and ahead of the numbers that we thought we were going to get. And at Pike & Rose we're on pace, it is only -- I think we have got 19 or 20 of them effectively of 100 done and those have been done at or about where the underwriting was. That also though has slowed down, it has been the same kind of slow process over the last three months that we saw at -- we see in the rental product. So I am looking for this election to get over; I am looking for some sense of freedom, if you will, in the greater Washington DC markets, particularly Montgomery County.
Don Wood: It is not an on/off switch as we've talked about before, it is a knob. And you turn it up as those markets look more attractive, you turn it down as they look less attractive. Certainly the stuff we have been looking at when you start talking about forecast and low forecast on a lot of this stuff is hard for us to make sense of. We absolutely remain in the market, we're on a couple of things right now that if they make I think are a real positive but we have got a ways to go to see if they can make. But again, it is not and on off switch, it is been deemphasized because you compare it to the premiums even at 6% obviously that you are getting in development.
Don Wood: Same with Bay Club here at Santana Row which is being converted out and transferred to another use. It is going to be a very big closet, but it is going to come out in 2017. So that process is and I think should continue. Net-net you should see increases overall, particularly as you get into the latter part of the year, though.
Don Wood: Yes. No, we don't expect rents to roll down at Palace and PerSei. In fact, one of the things that has been very clear is they continue to command a premium in the marketplace and that is a real important fact. We're not going to see -- I don't think we're going to see the increases that I had hoped that we were going to see as the rest of the supply in the marketplace dissipated a little bit given the construction that is underway. The construction has absolutely impacted the Phase 1 restaurants a little bit. The restaurants are doing fine, just not great. The retailers are not doing well until that second phase opens up. So there is clearly softness throughout Pike & Rose. But it is funny, you have got both Milam and you have got Guglielmone who both live there and spend their time there. And every single time they come in and say, don't worry about it, we're cooking in terms of getting it right. Also with respect to the construction and how that is moving along, we're moving along on time and on budget which I am really pleased about. So that the -- and when you look at who is coming here, REI is not adding new space; REI is relocating from two miles away or a mile and a half away to a place that is a whole lot better in terms of what they believe their future customer is, the same with Porsche, the same with a number of the restaurants and retailers that we're talking about for Phase 2. So what we're seeing -- and that makes me really happy because it is not adding more retail supply into the marketplace, it is relocating the better tenants to a better product. That is what you should expect as we move forward. But we have got to get Phase 2 open.
Don Wood: It is really clear, it is really easy to say, the market stinks compared to Assembly. So you have construction -- same thing going on at Assembly, but you have got a very strong residential market. You have power right through to the extent human beings are coming in deciding where they are going to live compared to what their supply choices are. At Pike & Rose in Montgomery County, we don't have that luxury. There are other choices; there are other places. There was lower rent, bad debt alternatives that you can take given the environment that is there. If you just think about that in so many different ways, when you have a strong market, some of the stuff that is happening out here in Silicon Valley and we're having this call from Silicon Valley today [indiscernible]. It's just blowing me away the things people will do and put up with when there is limited supply in the marketplace, it just doesn't matter. There is a lot of choice in the markets, it does.
Don Wood: Yes, it is a couple of cents in Miami. We really thought should we put that in guidance, should we talk about that. But here is what is happening in Miami. Let's talk about that for a few minutes. The easier of the two to talk about is CocoWalk. CocoWalk -- the dilution that would come from CocoWalk is part of a plan that would knock down part of the shopping center and affectively redevelop physically a big part of the shopping center. And obviously -- from demolition cost to lost rents to disruption, obviously that is dilutive. To the extent we can't get the numbers to work -- and again, that will come through investment committee next year -- we won't do that. But I did not want to not include that in guidance to the extent that we can get to it. Over at Sunset it is a different story. At Sunset -- there is a broken property. We have known that from the beginning, we had some nice income and FFO from that property in the first couple years that we had it. But obviously that income stream is being reduced as the conversation of a redeveloped property becomes very clear and as tenants sit there and don't perform. So there we know we have got at least another year of entitlement work to do to be able to get to what is a much more significant redevelopment. We're not -- the only impact in 2017 will be a slowly shrinking income stream over there. So most of what we're talking about here is CocoWalk and a little bit of Sunset in 2017.
Don Wood: The only thing, Paul, I would add to that is that -- and we had our Board out here and Jeff and I have been talking about it ad nauseam, is the requirement by tenants here, just like everywhere else in the country, to be in places that are fully amenitized and really environmentally friendly to what they are is huge. And the notion of the -- finishing up the back parts looking straight down Santana Row has a whole lot of appeal to a whole lot of office developers. And there is no other product that's gone -- that can be like that which is what we heard from Splunk which is why that [indiscernible] by the way validates this, in addition to AvalonBay having their West Coast headquarters here, in addition to --.
Don Wood: Cushman & Wakefield, there is 300 Santana Row that is fully leased. So this is becoming or has become a far more validated office location. Of all the possible places to put offices at Santana Row that is the best spot. So with considering all of that we decided to move forward.
Don Wood: Paul, hindsight is a tough way to look at things, there is no question about it that, given everything I know, we would've probably put the money that is in the residential building in Palace on the retail street first, at least I would have done that. We have some disagreement within the Company whether that made sense because at the time we did what we did for a very good reason. And that was the existing shopping center that was there which we did not disturb during the initial phase, was extremely productive. And effectively allowed us to move some of the tenants from that shopping center into the new shopping center like la Madeleine. So there would good reasons to do it, but it is important to have enough critical mass on the street to be able to create the environment. Now, if the residential market had stayed as strong as it was none of this would have mattered. And back to Mike Mueller's question before, the residential would have powered right through without the environment on the street fully created. But when you have a weakness in the marketplace there is no question that the reliance on or the help of the established retail street is a critical component. I don't know if that helps or not but that is what happened.
Don Wood: That is a good question, Craig. There is no question that the top floors and we have got, I don't know, 20 units, 12 left? 12 left to go up there. It is disproportionately higher. Those units have been slower going, that is part of the math in me feeling uncomfortable with the 7 number that was left there. So you are onto an important part of it. Basically, the lower floors and the cheaper rents have more price sensitivity in a weaker market effectively than we had hoped. So I can't do a percentage for you, but I will tell you that the preponderance of units left are in those upper floors and that that does -- we don't believe we're going to get the rents that we wanted to get to up there and particularly in the first roll or two.
Don Wood: Gosh, I don't have that here. But, listen, man and you will never get me to think differently on this. These projects are integral, they are integrated projects. The retail is critical to the resi, the office is critical to the retail all the way around. So we look at them as total projects. So I don't have the pieces here. I suspect we will have it -- we can have it there for you in Phoenix. But you will never get me to suggest that those things would be looked at separately.
Don Wood: It is about half-and-half. I am looking in total, I have got spaces that are a couple of sixes. We're breaking them up, they are part of bigger redevelopment. So it is not as pure and as clear as you would like them there. But I would say about half-and-half.
Don Wood: Well, I guess what I would say to you -- and Chris is here, I don't know if he would -- I assume he will add on to what I say. But the reality is today and we have been talking about this for a while, retailers -- and this includes the boxes, this includes small people -- small shop, it includes really most categories -- are a whole lot more cautious with their underwriting and they are a whole lot more -- the negotiations are more retail centric than they are landlord centric at the moment in a number of places. And when it comes to development the ability to underwrite sales in a new development is less predictable. So if the market is softer and I do believe the market generally is softer from the standpoint of propensity to take risks and it certainly is in the Washington DC area, then you underwrite lower numbers. Lower numbers at lower rent, lower rent is a harder negotiation, it takes longer to do and it also includes the other terms associated with it. That is really what it is about from my perspective as I sit and say it. The other thing and you see it up in Assembly to the other -- going the other way, when you have got a big sample size of a first phase retail project there and that first phase is very successful it makes it a whole lot easier to lease that second phase. We don't have a big sample size in the first phase of Pike & Rose and that goes a little bit back to the question that was asked before. And accordingly it is -- you have got tougher economics to negotiate here. Having said that, I just don't -- I don't want to -- I can't over emphasize enough the fact that the anchor system in the second phase is done and is critical to the project. So even if rents are a little lower in the remaining small shop space, that is not -- it is not a big cause for the differential in the yield.
Don Wood: The Phase 1/Phase yield reductions are largely residential. Don't make a big deal about the retail, it is not that, that is the answer to the first part of the question. The second part of the question is Pike & Rose is accretive to the Company. It is not weighing down the Company. We're talking about a value additive project here. And if you look year-over-year, I mean they gave you the numbers of the income that has contributed from this project and that continues to go up. So it was not that at all. And certainly when coupled with the anchor lease up, when coupled with the opening of Splunk and other development projects, when coupled with the redevelopments all the way through that the total Company continues. And as I started to say at the beginning of my remarks, our business plan is flat on right where we thought it was going to be in total over that long term. So, you clearly have a soft period of time here and from an accounting perspective, if you will, a cash flow perspective relative to value creation, but not from a long term value creation perspective.
Don Wood: George, it is such a great question and it so gets down to the balance of the business plan. And I tried to address this in my remarks as best I could, the combination of all of the things, including the decentralization which is really working well as it relates to getting to redevelopment and getting the focus. Those things, as you have pointed out, are dilutive in the short term. There is a lot of it, there is no doubt about that. It is happening at the same time that the two major development projects, Pike & Rose and Assembly Row, are coming up to the heavy construction phases which are also dilutive. So all of those things happening at the same time have the balance, moves down to 4% growth rather than 6% or 7% growth or as they are coming out 8% or 9%. If we don't do any more, George, you are looking at 8% and 9% earnings growth. The notion of getting there but not having additional future raw material doesn't excite me. So I suspect what you will see is heads down and executing what we have, a slow down at the period of new raw material for new projects for the bulk of 2017 to allow us to get back into balance. But this long term business plan includes those initiatives as the way that we create value. So you will see them. I am not going to tell you every year you have to wait until next year, you have to wait until the year after that, you have to wait until the year after that for earnings because that is not fair to do and it is not what our anticipation is. You should see an acceleration in 2018, you should see an acceleration in 2019 of the earnings growth rate.
Don Wood: Yes, that is a very fair question, Chris. And by the way, CIP at the end of the fourth quarter will be lower than CIP at the end of the third quarter as we put the Splunk building into service. And that is, for all intents and purpose, a stabilized building. So the notion that it will continue to always rise is not what you should be assuming. Basically at the end of the day 10% of the value of this Company with respect to big development is what I feel comfortable with and not more than that. In fact, if you sit back and you take a look at -- take a look over the last three years, you will see that we peaked even higher than we're today a couple of years ago, I can't remember [indiscernible] -- remember what year it was, 2013 -- when effectively we had all the Phase 1s that were not yet in service but going. So you are seeing this heavy construction in the Phase 2s right now. Those things, as they are put into service, will reduce the CIP. And I don't think -- I think the way you should look at it is debt to EBITDA coverage which we're very comfortable with in the low to mid-5s, fixed charge coverage through the roof is kind of why we have refunded a bunch of this development in the form of reducing our leverage in the Company, terming out for 30 years what we got. But on a broad basis, Chris, look at 10% of the enterprise value as kind of our rough estimate of the math. It is really much more limited by our debt coverage, though and our fixed charge coverage and what we place into service.
Dan Guglielmone: I think I will point you to -- in terms of the ramp up, we have added that additional disclosure on page 16 of our supplemental where we -- I think that gives a fairly good guidance with regards to how property operating income at Phase 1 of Pike & Rose will ramp up. We project kind of a stabilized $17.5 million property operating income on Phase 1 and we -- in 2017 our assumptions assume that we will get about 75% of that income in 2017. And it will progress into 2018 and stabilize in 2019 at that number. I think that that provides -- and I think for each of the phases that we have made an attempt to kind of give you that guidance, you can see how that ramp up progresses.
Dan Guglielmone: Well, I will take the first piece of that first. With regards to our [indiscernible] of what is embedded in same-store guidance for next year. Given some of the volatility and just the amount of moving pieces in our anchor repositioning initiatives, we think that kind of staying in line with this year, kind of a 3% area is what we have in our model. There are a couple of boxes that we project will be coming back. One is already re-leased. The AC Moore box at Assembly Row which effectively we proactively went after, it is still occupied and they will vacate at the end of the year. That space will be vacant for most of 2017 until Trader Joe's takes a big chunk of it.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, that is inclusive of redevelopment. And, yes, we're including CocoWalk in that number which obviously will have a negative impact on that number and that is why --. There is a lot going on; I think with our anchor repositioning, with including CocoWalk and Sunset, but that 3% is something we're -- area is something we're comfortable with.
Dan Guglielmone: G&A for next year is going to be call it $36 million, $37 million, roughly about $9 million a quarter.
