Don Wood: I was expecting the question. I was hoping it wasn't the first question. Listen, I do want to talk about Sunset Place a little bit. Look, you may have heard the former owner of Sunset Place, Simon Property Group is pretty darn good at what they do. If it were an easy fix and there was an easy way to create a lot of value in 12 months or something else like that they would have done it. So I don't want to talk about that just yet. There's a lot of complexity with it. Basically when you look at the going in yield and the going in price, we basically said all right there is enough cushion based on what that location is and what you would have to pay for a perfect assets. There's enough cushion over that to give us the opportunity. Give us the time to take the chance to see if we can find a better merchandising scheme or better physical plant, see if we can make the numbers make some sense and which includes -- which will include a new entitlement process et cetera. So that will take -- it will take a couple of years. It will take some time. So I don't want to get out ahead. I don't really want to have anything in your mind. I would love to just kind of take it for what it is. And when we start talking about a way to create value that we see pay for it then give us credit for it then. But at this point, I'm really not ready to do that.
Don Wood: Hey, Ki Bin, the only thing I would add to that is, you may remember from the Investor Day, we did spend a lot of time on Congressional because we really did want you to see what a dominant shopping center -- how it can still our value effectively 50 years after we bought it. And show when Saks OFF 5TH opens up there, we will also do a refresh to the front end of that shopping center which we believe will help us in our re-leasing of all the shop space that is there not to mention 50 additional units, residential units on the back of the shopping center. So this is all tied in. That is not specific to LAF or to A&P. But we are getting after those type of situations throughout the portfolio. Not just the two big ones that we mentioned.
Don Wood: Christy, anchor leasing, I'm sure Weilminster is smiling on -- he is not in the office with us, he is at a remote location but I'm sure he is smiling. In Anchor leasing getting those deals done and new deals done, getting that space built out, getting the tenants in and paying rent will take at least a year. And just -- that's what it takes. That is in the math of what we consider. When we consider aggressively going after in A&P or whatever it is, we are not believing that six months from now that space is up and operating in rent payment. It just doesn't work that way. So financially, we are considering a full 12 months and in some cases 15 months of downtime before its back in the numbers.
Don Wood: Well, let me talk about asset sales for a second because this is something that it never -- it always kind of hangs underneath the radar for us. But when you look back there is always a level of assets sales no, not as much as our competitors. We don't need to do as much as our competitors in there. But when you see the assets on Houston Street and San Antonio, Texas sold this year, you will see by the end of the year, I suspect, we have got another one on the contract to sell -- you will see that too if that deal goes through. You'll see another one next year. There's all these going to be $50 million or so of trading up. One of the things you kind of get me a little bit earlier than I wanted to talk about it. But I'm going to be showing you maybe not for a NAREIT, but maybe we will see if we can be ready. The past couple of years of assets that have been sold versus what it is that we have bought. And you will clearly, although it is a little dilutive, it's not as dilutive as most of our competitors would necessarily be because we get good prices even on what we are selling vis-à-vis what we are buying. You will see a real improvement in the overall portfolio if you just think about San Antonio Center that we brought in Northern California in and Houston Street, San Antonio, Texas out, the difference is night and day and we're going to show you two or three or four more examples like that on a portfolio basis. But figure around 50.
Don Wood: Jason, let me take the last part first, and yes, there is no doubt, look this for 2009 or 2010 the approach would be a different approach. And it would be about maintaining that income stream the best we can. When we look at 2016, it's not only that we feel strong. I'm going to ask Weilminster to comment on this, when I'm done. But it's not only that we expected to be -- to remain strong in terms of demand exceeding supply on the particular location and in the particular boxes that we're talking about. But we have other ways to grow the company. And so on balance, I mean I'm not sure how many of the competitors are out there are going to grow at 7% next year or certainly 7% this year, 7% next year, 7% two years ago more. I mean it's probably 25% over the last three years something like that. I don't know how many competitors have that and I do think that's because of all of the tools we have. So when you take the other ways we have to grow coupled with what we believe about the particular anchor boxes that we are purposely trying to upgrade the tenancy on and upgrade the shopping centers on, this seems like the right time to do it aggressively. And by the way, we are paying more G&A for more individuals who have smaller portfolios from which to create value and so that better half more aggressive management of those particular acre boxes. It all works together at this particular time. That is our bet.
Don Wood: Yes. On the anchor stuff it's by far mostly stuff that we are proactively going after. It is the A&P. It is the LA Fitness. Some of those smaller stuff which is included in there, Hudson Trail which is a local or a regional sporting goods company going bankrupt is, we wouldn't have aggressively wanted it back. Now it opens up some good things, but we wouldn't have aggressively wanted it back. The same with City Sports, which is in both Bethesda and Pike & Rose. We wouldn't have chosen this timing. But we get it. Because we're in the right locations we still think it will be a good thing, but it's a lot on top of those anchor boxes that are primarily proactively aimed for.
Don Wood: It's a good question Paul. And Chris, I'd like you to chime in on this start. Let's start on the macro question with -- what you see in the supermarket business.
Don Wood: Yes. Paul I wanted to say something more macro to you. First of all, and that is, there is not a retail category. And certainly grocers are not exempted from this. That isn't trying to figure out who they are going to be, how they are going to service. How they're going to improve their investment pieces over the next 5 to 7 years. Every category is impacted. And grocers are no different. It's funny. It's why a long time ago, I just did not want to be seen as a grocery anchored shopping center company. The idea of being opened, when you listen to Chris Weilminster's speech, you can tell that his view of the retail world is not grocery centric. And as that business is struggling in parts of it, just like women's fashion is struggling, just like hard goods are trying to figure themselves out, just like banks are trying to figure out how to reach retail customers. Every industry the grocery business too. It does come down to having the right place where demand will exceed supply into the extent that demand can be beyond grocers go better. Having said that, it's real clear to us that particularly in at least two of the four and probably more of the A&P boxes they are great grocery locations. So we do believe there will be negotiations with better grocers for those boxes. In addition, as Chris says a wider plethora of retailers.
Don Wood: On the fourth one, we did. We thought we put up a decent number and we were blown out of the water by another grocery operator.
Jim Taylor: Well, I mean 100 basis point in and of itself. A&P and LAF alone is about 100 basis points. So and again, Ki Bin when you put the context of what we're doing overall because roll over happens every year. Downtime happens every year. Over the last several years our average downtime has been about $10 million to $11 million just in our same-store portfolio this year it is going to be about $17 million. So it gives you a sense of the scale and scope of the drag on what we're getting after. Just A&P and LAF alone from an occupancy standpoint would be approximately 180 bps of occupancy. So just those are pretty meaningful. Again, nothing is static. Chris and team continue to be very active on the leasing front, but even if we get that space leased as you understand it will take some time before that rent commences. So that's what we're forecasting for 2016.
Jim Taylor: No. I'm sorry, I misspoke. Thank you for clarifying that. With the A&P and LAF, it's about 120 basis points of occupancy.
Jim Taylor: As you look into the year, we are going to be seeing the drag really not only this quarter but at least for the next three quarters into 2016. As we go into the fourth quarter of 2016 we expect to see some of that improved.
Jim Taylor: Yes. Thank you. In fact of the fourth quarter that dip could be as low as 150 or as high as 150 basis points of occupancy based on some of the other boxes that we're getting after. So as we look forward and as I mentioned and put it in context, we are seeing substantially more downtime and lag in the coming year associated with this targeted recapture and taking over the space.
Jim Taylor: Our breakeven occupancy there is going to be 40% to 50% range somewhere in there we begin to cover the operating cost. It depends of course on the mix of units that are in that 40% to 50%. We expect to be there towards the end of the first quarter early second quarter. So my comment is meant to point out that early in the year that building will be dragging from an NOI perspective. As Don mentioned, we are on target in terms of our pro forma rents. And as we deliver units we're seeing good appetite. But with this building we're delivering units as we go up the building. And it's the pace of construction more than anything else dictating that timing.
Jim Taylor: Our total spend is going to be approximately $400 million of development and redevelopment. Of that probably $50 million to $60 million are spend during the year is going to be pure tactical redevelopment. And from a funding standpoint, we do expect to be issuing about $150 million of equity. We will potentially have some asset sales as Don alluded to and then as always free cash flow to fund that.
Jim Taylor: That's okay. That's fine. I mean let me be really clear. The capital necessary to not only get those boxes but to absorb the downtime and put in the rest of the shopping centers as compared with the incremental rent not just from that box but including that box and everywhere else in that shopping center is the math we're doing to figure out what kind of IRR and value creation we're making at those shopping centers. There will be a time whenever you want to go in the next year or so I'm going to take you to Brick Township, Brick Plaza, in Brick Township, New Jersey and you'll see exactly what I'm talking about if you're only looking at those four walls you're missing the point.
Jim Taylor: We feel pretty good that we're going to end up in that range, but you make an important point. And I think it goes to the reputation that some of you have alluded to about our being conservative in our forecast. We have a range for a reason. And a lot of the things that in part volatility as it relates to quarterly number what we'll be seeing next year, we are very positive about all of the activity that can generate that, but it certainly can move things around in the year. But we feel comfortable with that range, albeit I'm sure that a lot of you are going to go right to the top of the range and we provide a range for a reason. And so that's what it is.
