Donald Wood: There's not, Craig. There had been, but that's been closed for a number of years. There's [indiscernible] now. It's a big need.
Donald Wood: Yes. It's a number of things and everyone, as you know, is different. Entitlement is always part of the required permits. We're able to start on a number of them right now like the Bala Cynwyd stuff that's underway. We're pushing like crazy from the development side to make sure that we've got all the development pieces. At the same time, leasing is going out there and trying to pre-lease all. So as those 2 things come together, these things tend to hit. You'll clearly see more increasing activity in '12 and '13 as a result of those things coming off the list. But the timing's a little hard to predict because of those 2 factors.
Donald Wood: It's so funny. It's a great question. I mean, it's a big question that we got into in terms of raising the guidance for the rest of the year. I think the rest of the year should be clean. I think what we see is a clean set up. Now what's going on this week and last week in the markets and how much this affects the world going into 2012 and further is obviously anybody's guess, and that's certainly scary. But everything that we see -- I mean, the reason we raised the guidance is I saw a strength from a bad debt perspective in every market we're doing business in, Craig. I saw it in California. I saw it in Philly. I saw it in Washington and saw it in Boston. And so when it's that broad-based, I got comfortable with raising the guidance.
Donald Wood: Yes, yes, there's a couple of things. The single biggest piece of good news is that theater deal, basically being negotiated though now fully documented at this point and that being a great anchor in terms of the rental stream. Now on the rest, it's going to be a combination of outlets, rent-based tenants, some service tenants and restaurants. There is more unknown, if you will, about the outlet piece than there is about the restaurant piece. And so that range, those conversations, as we start getting into them, how many of them are percentage rent deals, how many of them have unnatural brakes, all that stuff provides that level of uncertainty at this point, and that's what you should expect more, something more concrete over the next year, basically. But that's not something in 1.5 month or 2 months, I'm going to be able to -- okay, going to 6.1 months, something like that. So that's why we give that range. And you're right, it's wide.
Donald Wood: I'll give you a little bit. I think I feel a little bit like Joe Girardi being -- saying, "I can't tell you too much about Phil Hughes, and I'm not going to really answer too many questions on it." And then the next set of questions are about Phil Hughes. But with respect to plans to El Segundo, I mean, look, if we get this deal done, it's expensive. This is A+ real estate. It's expensive. There is -- it's really the first one that we've looked at. We've said, "You know what, we will really stretch on this thing to pay up." Because if you know this location, if you know the demos and the trends in this part of Southern California, you know it's really strong. So we certainly want it, and Jeff can chime in here. Anything else that we've looked at that has this type of presence, and there are very, very few of them, going to go for a very low cap rate, there's is no doubt about it. But I really can't get into that deal more than at this point, more than I can -- to say more than that because we want to get it finished.
Donald Wood: I'm not going to address the last point there, Jeff, and we felt comfortable disclosing it now is really all I'll say on the first.
Donald Wood: So we're in the market now on one of them up in Lake Zurich, Northlake. But again, not particularly because of Chicago but because of what we see about with respect to the balance between what we can get paid for it and where we can reallocate the proceeds. So the other assets we have in Chicago, boy, they're good assets, really good assets. And so it's a little tougher decision, depending upon where we can allocate proceeds, but the question's a really good question. I mean, you will always see us balancing between in the way we deploy capital and deploying capital includes retrieving some of it back. So you're always going to see some assets for sale from us and these are the latest.
Donald Wood: Yes, the local -- the big project is off the table for 5 or 7 years but it's not because of zoning. It's really because of NRDC buying Lord & Taylor back a few years ago. I mean, you go back, it's Lord & Taylor that's on that site and they were paying a very low rent and it was a crummy store and the future of Lord & Taylor was not clear. NRDC and Richard Green buys that company -- They do a beautiful -- Richard Baker buys that company -- They do a beautiful job in kind of repositioning them and they really want that site. We have adjusted the lease, so we've gotten a big piece of value from a big ramp up on that store. And they're going to put a few million dollars into the store. So we look at that and say "Gosh, can we get paid for the site basically from the existing tenant and supplement it with additional pads around it for the next 5, 7, 10 years?" I'll do that all day long, way lower risk and great economics. So that's why that's happened much more so than zoning related. I mean, zoning's a piece, it's -- that's timing. But the new rent deal, Lord & Taylor, is in place today.
Donald Wood: Oh, no, absolutely, I just talked about it in a couple of questions ago. There's no question that when you think about that -- when you think about what's happening at Assembly, you should envision outlets, restaurants, service, theater, [indiscernible] , people living on top. And I mean, we're really excited about Assembly. I wish the first phase yield was going to be through the roof, if not, but it'll be okay and we'll make money down the road.
Donald Wood: No, I think that's very fair. We do have, 1/3 of our company is in D.C. It's been the best place to do business just -- no matter who's in power or what the administration is working on, but there's no question that current talks make people say, "Oh my gosh, what's the impact going to be?" And much more so here, Alex. Those talks are much more here in the East Coast than -- certainly than in California. But now when you kind of dig down into that a little bit, I got to tell you, short Washington D.C. at your own peril. That's all I would say because, I mean, a big reason we've been able to raise this dividend for 44 years in a row, imagine what happened in Washington D.C. And the portfolio even then -- even a bigger piece of the company, it's only 30% or so. Now it probably was half or more back then. But think about 1976, 1992 and all the things that have happened over the period of time when we raise that dividend every single year. So with all the discussion of cutting back in Washington, a lot of it has to do with cutting back on growth rates, which I completely agree are not sustainable with respect to Washington. But in the suburbs, where we're operating, it is -- all I would say is, short it at your own peril. I remain very, very bullish on this market.
Donald Wood: If you look at what's happened in the last quarter in Washington D.C., we lead rent rollers in that market more than any other market, except for Santana Row.
Donald Wood: In order? No, there really aren't any other projects where a TIF or the government subsidy as part of it is a significant part of the economics of a project other than Assembly Square for us. Though -- I say that in every single market that we try to build something in, we look for help from the local state, primarily governments, but we don't have any of that stuff going on right now other than Assembly. And so, really, my comments are really kind of they're skewed by what we found at Assembly. And we have not seen a change in the type of projects that government's are looking at, but there's probably better people to ask than me.
Donald Wood: Yes, yes, I mean, I spent a little bit of time on this last time. I called you about taking a guy out of GGP names Michael Khouri, who has turned into a real important part of the leasing team here. We are absolutely having success from the standpoint of improving our relationships, getting relationships with mall and outlet tenants that we have not. I told you all about Assembly. But on the mall side, meetings that we've -- frankly we haven't had before and lots of serious conversations about getting mall tenants into some of our properties. Now we've got 1 or 2 success stories, but I suspect in the next 12 months, I'll be able to tell you about some pretty good ones, pretty sizable ones.
Donald Wood: Not category as much as product, as much as retail types. So the Avenue at White Marsh, which we own more of a lifestyle center, for Pete's sake. We're getting some great traction, if you will, on improving the merchandising base from talking to mall-side tenants. Bethesda Row. Certainly, at Santana Row, you'll see it in -- certainly, you'll see it full blown at Assembly Square. So it is less the, as you would imagine, less the traditional gross [indiscernible] Stuff and more the higher end product that we have, especially the mixed-use product that we're having the most success in.
Donald Wood: Okay, I'm really close, really close on one for the Friendship Center. The space that will be 20% better, frankly, than what was in there. I mean, that's pretty darn strong. For Old Town, Los Gatos, we're going to break that space up a little bit. It's 2-floor space so we'll break it up. The combination should provide us pretty good rent compared to what was there. At Santana Row, I would expect to see a significant increase. So those are really good. The fourth one, which is still operating, which is Wynnewood, we're just not as far in knowing how we're going to replace that one and that'll be closer to flat or maybe even down a little. But overall, I can't really give you a percentage yet but it's double digits.
Donald Wood: Oh, absolutely, absolutely, because you're right on it. And I mean, we've got a physical occupancy [indiscernible].
Donald Wood: You'll see -- oh yes, it won't be '11. I mean, you'll see a little bit in '12 and you'll see a lot more in '13. And there's no question there's a lag, no question at all. I mean, and what that -- it was not coincidental that I was talking about leased percentage. Because what we do see -- we're in the middle of -- the amount of activity that's going on in Chris Weilminster's office and among his team right now is dramatically higher than it was 1 year ago. And that's all in getting deals done. Now getting deals done, as you say, rightly put out, does not equate to rental income starting that day. And so there's clearly a lag. That lag though will take, so you'll see -- I think you'll start to see an increasing leased percentage, but then the following increase in physical occupancy and, therefore, rent paying, following 6 months behind that.
Donald Wood: It's probably the specific economic issues at the state level. That makes it attractive at some respect. And I only say that a little bit tongue-in-cheek. I mean, the bottom line is after going through the last 5 years, you'll never ever convince me that poor properties will -- are a better long-term investment than the better properties in the right locations. I know we say that, I know it sounds like I'm talking my book, but I got to tell you, I believe that through and through. The long term, I would always -- I'm going long on both Northern and Southern California for the next decade and probably longer after that. And so the fact that things are a little messed up today or a lot messed up, depending on your perspective within the fiscal situation of the state, is something that is kind of interesting but not particularly concerning long term from the standpoint of the type of real estate that we'll look at there. And when you look at something like a Santana Row or you look at something like a Third Street Promenade, it is very hard for us not to believe that those properties aren't going to be worth more, in fact, significantly more in the next decade. And to the extent we can take a shot out of the properties like that, we would rather pay up on that than chase yields in a secondary market.
Donald Wood: Well, definitely. Melissa or Andy can help you more, but $0.02 is $1.3 million and $0.06 is $3.7 million.
Donald Wood: They stay about flat in '12 and then they should go lower in '13. Now if they don't, it just means a lot of the great stuff, which I hope is the answer. But the point I was really making, Steve, is, if you think about a steady-state of activity over some periods of times, yes, there's always variances where it's a little more, it's a little less. But 2011 activity over 2010 activity was so dramatically higher, such that I'm -- that I felt like I needed to say it. For a bunch of years, I would never say because it's been about the same, a little bit lower certainly in '09 and '10 than in the other days, but not demonstrably. In '11 and '12 because of what's going on with the 2 particular big projects and some of the smaller ones. It's just it's worth talking about. I wouldn't -- it almost has to be a peak in '11 and '12 being about the same and then being reduced after that because of the nature of -- the size and scope of Assembly and Mid-Pike.
Donald Wood: It's leasing. I mean, where are we now, Dawn? We're 3.5 of the floors that are done. I think we got a little bit left to go. Those rents were far below where we had underwritten them in 2006. So we yield a 6 or so on the building. And I -- certainly, I'd hope to yield an 8 or better. But no, the -- Silicon Valley, if you're concerned about -- and it's not just offices -- it's any type -- If you're concerned about certain markets, you should be very bullish about the valley for the next 2 or 3 or 4 years. Job growth, lots and lots of good stuff coming out of the tech center.
Donald Wood: Yes, that's a great question, and Jeff Berkes is going to answer that because we've been pushing on that.
Donald Wood: Yes. I mean, Rich, we got a couple of things. I mean, Don talked about the acquisition, we want to see how that goes. We've done okay by waiting. We've got both the fixed income and the equity markets open to us -- obviously, the equity markets are less open today than they were, say, 1 week ago. We feel like we're in a great position, which is we've got great access to capital. We would certainly anticipate that we'd likely term out at least a portion of the line by year end but don't need to pick a direction right now.
Donald Wood: Yes, no, there is -- I don't really know how to handicap that. I do believe there is still a risk of that. I'd be crazy to say that, that can't happen given the work that's out there. I do think we've got the financing set up pretty darn well, so it's certainly not likely. It's not remote either.
Donald Wood: No, no, I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that now, Nate. I'm really sorry but I'm going to put you off on that. And once we have this thing in better shape, I'll be able to do in as much time as you want, but I don't want to do a comparison on that property right now.
Jeffrey Berkes: Okay, I don't have much to add to that Don. I mean, Paul, I think you know that the market right now for A-quality shopping centers is being driven by institutional buyers, whether it be a pension fund or an insurance company. And yes, I guess when they look at their alternatives in the fixed income markets and other areas where they invest, things don't look so rosy. So they're really paying up for real estate now, and that's what's driving price for the A-quality properties and you start moving away from the As and obviously the returns go up. But one of the problems we're having right now in direct conversations with owners is an owner may own a B that could become a B+ or an A- but he sees the A pricing and he thinks he deserves A pricing and there's just not a deal to make. It's incredibly difficult right now.
Jeffrey Berkes: Well, I think that might be a good general conclusion, but what I tell you is that depends on the deal. And every deal is different at the level of risk that's associated and the amount of clarity that's associated with each of those value-add opportunities that's different. So it is a little bit hard to be general in that respect.
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes, Steve, we're working through plans on another building. The rents aren't quite where they need to be, but everything's trending in the right direction. And like Don said, we're seeing great job growth out here, and the job growth is really coming from the larger, better, capitalized revenue-generating, in most cases, profitable tech companies unlike the last cycle. And they're hiring a lot of people at high salary rates. And we're going to continue to see that kind of trickle down through, not just office space, but hopefully restaurant sales or apartment rents and all that kind of stuff here in Santana. But we're not quite there on rents being at the place they need to be to pull the trigger on a new office building, getting close and headed in the right direction.
Jeffrey Berkes: It depends and it's a little bit hard to figure out right now because what's driving the market are the bigger users and the big blocks of space. If you follow the office market out here at all, the big blocks of space are rapidly disappearing. And when there is a big requirement, what somebody will pay for the right space is a little bit up in the air. So plus or minus 10% is probably about right, but you don't really know until you're in the market.
Jeffrey Berkes: Rich, the address is 328 Newbury Street. It's on the last block, if you will, which is the block where you'd see a lot of the more fashion-forward and trendy retailers. We bought with our operating partner, Taurus Urban Meritage, an 8,200 square foot building. And what's interesting about the deal during the -- during our due diligence period, our operating partner was able to negotiate a lease termination with a tenant that took a significant amount of the building in a below market rent and wasn't performing. There's a couple other smaller tenants in there that have shorter term leases. So effectively, what we've got is a vacant single tenant building, which is one of the types of spaces that are most in demand for the cutting edge retailers who are out looking to fill the whole building. So it will be a nice little acquisition.
