Donald Wood: That’s a great question, Jeff. I appreciate you’re asking it. It’s funny. While I absolutely agree that Pike & Rose and Assembly get the most attention and the things that sit up on top of the Company. You got to know how hard I try to fight to make sure that everybody understands the balance of this $15 billion portfolio of real estate. So I never want to gloss over that we do with core and the redevelopment. Having said that, without question, we also talk about Pike & Rose and Assembly as being a decade long project, and so certainly in the case of Pike & Rose with the second phase opening up, starting later this year and then into the next. We still have a ton more entitlements to do; we have a bunch more to do the same thing at Assembly. So thinking about those two projects as time being done from a value creation perspective is way too premature. On top of that sitting and looking at what we'll be doing with CocoWalk, sitting and looking at what we're doing on the West Coast at Santana with $200 million plus project at the end of the street effectively there, sunset, a little bit further down the road, but coming after that. And inside our company the amount of redevelopments has never been higher and so the combination of using all those arrows in the quiver from the larger projects to the smaller redevelopments to the core, it's all really important. So don't think about Pike & Rose and Assembly as being done after 2018, please. In addition, when you see the type of acquisitions we've made, what we bought, when we bought San Antonio center a number of years ago, if you were at that property today, you would be as sure as we are that there is a whole lot much more to do there and maybe that will be done in one big way, more likely it will be done in phases until it ultimately is a mega project, if you will. Similarly, when we look at what we just bought at Hastings. It's all about big pieces of land that really should be a whole lot more than they are today. Obviously, it takes time to get to them and I know it’s a long winded answer. But I wanted to give you a full and complete answer of all the tools that we have in a toolbox.
Donald Wood: Until the next great mega project makes a lot of sense for us to do. I mean so as I sit here today and look at that. Yes, I would expect it to be if you will broader and less chunky. But the right opportunity avails itself at San Antonio center or Hastings Ranch or at Pike 7 and I go back on what I’ve said. So it's about finding the right risk adjusted project and everyone separate projects of size because obviously it's a whole lot different thing to be talking about $1 billion investment on one piece of land or more. So just by definition, how many of those things there are, it's likely to be smaller, but I don't want to count out that possibility of finding the next one.
Donald Wood: Well I will say, I mean I don't know if that's it. Listen there is no question that this new administration and whatever happens with respect to tax reform and not just 1031 depreciation rules, it's the board of tax that retailers will have to pay. I mean there's a lot of stuff out there that could impact the real estate business that time and so having a presentation by NAREIT and by our own efficiencies is critically important. And that’s up even talk about changes to immigration law, what it does in California, retaliation [indiscernible] there is a lot out there. So there is no question that there is more uncertainty in our business as I think about looking forward in the next year, 18 months, two years than there’s been. And that has to impact the way sellers think about their real estate. I will tell you what we have seen as we have seen more opportunities for acquisitions. What we have not seen is any weakening in the pricing that does that those sellers expect. I don't expect that the change in any of the locations.
Donald Wood: Well, there is not – I’m not able to say to you again nine months 14 days, three hours and two minutes Alex, but it – and I’m trying to be thesis there and trying to say we have a local teams that as you know by focusing on smaller portfolios within this Company. Clearly within that they need to prioritize where they spend their time with – I mean Darien is a great example. We're still not there completely with Darien, its taken time. But we are running the assets anyway that we own. The teams are there anyway. And so everyone of the assets, whether it's something we've just bought or something that we've held for 20 years, but it’s been tied up with leases and things that restrict what we can do or all under that the pressure here to be able to create value in real estate. So there are clearly times as have happened where we have a base in a specific development plan because they haven't panned out. The latest one I could point to would be for our shopping center, where we really thought we'd be able to do a pretty comprehensive residential plan there and that's just not panning out the way it is, so it will remain a retail property. And so that conversation happens in each of these small groups and then up through investment committee on a regular basis. And that frankly is why we're able to turnover in my view as much as we do with a really reasonable size team here. We get to a lot of development and redevelop.
Donald Wood: I'll let Chris add with respect to what you are seeing out there. But you are asking a really what you are generalizing a specific – generalizing a financial model that really is different for every specific company. It depends on our operating margins, it depends on their online and verticality in terms of their business plan. It's not about percentage of sales, right it's about percentage of products and our whole industry has been very focused, as you would expect on occupancy costs for the last 40 years because sales data from stores something that's askable and attainable, but the reality is that that really just a surrogate for profitability and those metrics are changing. So when any particular company, whether it's a retailer or restaurant or an entertainment source or whoever it is, is considering the best way to distribute their goods or services, it's got everything to do with their particular business model where they're going in profitability. So trying out to make it as linear, a conversation has it would be helpful, obviously would be easier to analyze. If you aware, we are seeing in almost every case, a tenant that we are trying to convince to come open-air with us, what we are seeing generally is the belief that their customer is shopping in our type of shopping center rather than in a mall. That's almost the driver to everything. Where is their customer? Where they likely to find their customer then the economics in the business plan is huge on that and they have to find how to balance.
Donald Wood: Hey, Paul. Let me start and Jeff wouldn’t mind jumping in from your perspective what those. I'd like to say that I recognize a widening in terms what we see between A&B&C centers, but frankly we're only looking at real estate and I can tell you at the stuff that we've been looking at and having some more success and hopeful of looking to turning into some substantial negotiations and then hopefully getting deals done that we have not seen any backing up of cap rates on stuff that we're looking at. Jeff, anything further from your side.
Donald Wood: Yes, everything is around the edges, Christy. I'm very much believed that this is – what we've been talking about for years, is accelerating and tenants that have kind of hung on coming through the recovery are under stressed, payless is the next one – that closed and we’ve got a $900,000 or $1,000,000 where the payless income that is that certainly the risk at six different properties. So the reality is it gets down to this real belief that in everything I’ve been talking about that we need to provide merchandising that is so much better balanced toward the type of food offerings, the type of entertainment offerings, the type of clothing offerings, we need to be making sure that we're doing deals with retailers as best we can that getting. And a lot of that does mean investing in these properties and making sure that we're giving them the best mousetrap, if you will to be able to offer their good sense. One of the things that as you know we struggle with and I would hope our competitive struggle with is how much do we take to the short-term to be able to make sure these properties are as strong as they can going out and we just completely taken the point of view that we're going to the large because we have the real estate where we can get paid back for such investment and we were going to accelerate that notion of the right type of mix of all of those tenants with the people who are getting it more in terms of providing customers the services that they demand today then with the older brands that are slower on the uptake.
Donald Wood: And I will leave the specifics to Dan and Melissa, but just notionally how we try to do this, courses risk and on all of these companies today, I do think there is more variability, if you will in the standard deviation, on all of these numbers that are out there being given in that time of cycle that we are in our business in terms of that. But we do that – when we give a number of 3% so 2.5% or 3.5% and you look at the kind of numbers that difference is that it takes to move that, it's not a lot. And so, surely we have some question put in there, but we also know we believe some of that, if not all of that question which we are trying as best we can to give you a balanced view in a time that I believe that in our business is less predictable than it has been.
Donald Wood: Yes. So remember that was us buying out the 70% that we didn't own of our joint venture with Clariant and those – that particular portfolio was meant to be a supermarket-anchored portfolio and so that's why it – when we look specifically at risk-reward, we make any money with that investment of those net 70%. We said, yes. That was not a specific supermarket initiative that position in 2016. So I don't I think relating into that all. Generally, we are all about the best real estate and the components of it or the format of it is just playing less important to us, it's about the real estate and what we can get at and what we can do with it. So I don't think we should read into that at all. We are a retail company although in terms of the way we think about things. Yes. We want to make money vertically above it in cases with residential and with office, but our bonds are retail, but as this broadly retailed and not just supermarket on shopping centers.
Donald Wood: Craig, I want to add one thing to that just a – the Sears box has paid very little rent here, it’s partially sublet thing that HomeGoods…
Donald Wood: And so from a profitability perspective for Sears, this is a great piece of real estate where they pay little than they earn. So we don't think that there is past the day to have basically said we're not interested in giving the space at this point, we just want to be there to the extent that situation changes.
Donald Wood: Yes. I gave have some last time and we're work the numbers of like crazy because constructions expenses. But yet coco in particular we’ve settled on a plan that will effectively part of the shopping center down as you're looking at the fund at the right side of down and create office overall retail with a completely reconfigured center if you will of the common area there with the Starbucks is today. And overall renovation, not only of the outside areas of the retail part, but inside of the Cinepolis Theaters that is a critical anchor there and so as we pull that together will have a total numbers of down yet, but it we'll be a $50 million or $60 million redevelopment plan that is that really should said that property up to be a great held asset, if you will, for the next 20 year and 30 years. And over it Sunset it's all about the entitlements and that is the case in all the markets that we're in I don't think we are in one market we're getting the uses in the high-end and the entitlement to do what we want to do is easy. Now one market we're in that's why we're in those markets and we I don’t want to say, we want to be hard to get the new investment, but it's hard for us, hard for everybody. And so we still have time. I think I would say into working through that in the meantime, we are doing the best we can operating a less than perfect retail assets. So stay tune that we more Sunset I will be more coco. But I just told you, it is probably where it's going to end up, so we can get the numbers, where we need to get the numbers.
Donald Wood: Yes, great question, Vin and let me give you the answer is yes, but let me specifically point to what the challenges are in this portfolio. The first I talk about forever as we've got some really significant tax gains in just about every asset that we own. And so without having the ability 1031 it's hard, so we1031, whenever we buy an asset for cash as opposed to what units dealer or some other financing. We do look hard at trading out. So I do hope you see that this year starting with using the facing for proceeds. The other thing that should really keep in mind with respect to this portfolio is when spin off big part of the company or sell 20% of the assets or whether. It’s whole lot easier make that work when there is a big giant standard deviation between the great stuff that’s you have and then anchors are great stuff that you have. And as we’ve looking over for years and really what that standard deviation is, I mean, we certainly have property better than others, but I will say that even on worst assets are awfully play in terms of growth rates and things like that. So spending off 10% or 15% of this Company, you do all they long, if you could bring the 3% same-store growth that’s the 4.5% or something like that which you might not do it if it was the 3% to 3.2% or something like that if you kind of get my drift. So it will likely continue to be a one-off selective philosophy of improving the quality of the portfolio, which we should always be doing and just like we buy these assets one at a time you'll likely see a trade out one at a time.
Donald Wood: Ki Bin, I’ve been asked this question for 10 years and I keep looking for the end of the runway, but I will tell you well certainly there are quarters and there are periods of time when we don't roll as well as we would like to. Overall, we're still sitting here at a portfolio, which has basically, in total, as far as we could tell, we've got sales from everybody, but something like 9% or 9.5% cost occupancy in it. So, as you look and I love the schedule that we have in the road show, which basically shows here are the average rents that we're getting, and here is the average in place rent for as you say all the vintage, but former leases that there is still more upside in this portfolio. I think in terms of those roles overall than in any of the other reported information that's out there for the competitors. So I feel like that will continue. That doesn't mean is there every quarter and I don't have a specific answer. I'm looking over it. Dan have said specifically the vintage that we get here, but you do know that our average leases on hand are between 7.5 or 8 years. So whether at this specific quarter on average where we’re rolling over leases every 7.5 or 8 years.
Donald Wood: And Ki Bin, the only thing I'd add to that is buying something whatever it is in these locations and with the opportunities here at six is great, but there's a reason for it. It is not a ground lease. We are at 40 years of term or so in terms of that. And there is no direct path to getting the fee, there is no direct path to getting to this year's which pays no rent. So it makes sense that is that a six or six plus something like that. But when we look at and say okay, what's your downside if you never do, downside we never do is 40 years of 2.5% to 3% annual growth in a great real estate location. So pay for itself if you will in 13 years or 14 years and then what 25 years after that of cash flow. So economically I think it works all day long, but specifically having it turn into the next best mixed-use project or whatever it's ultimately going to be, we don't have any visibility too.
Donald Wood: I’m going to provide a crazy number and then Jeff going to argue with me, so you are going to see it right here on the call. He is 3,000 miles away, I can’t even look at him Chris, so can get two very independent things. Everything that we've seen in and around California in the markets that we're talking about where we would like to be, if you were completely fee owned with the climate upside that 200,000 square foot Sears and HomeGoods and part of the shopping center that doesn't pay a lot with that upside, it would shock me if this were not of sub four. It’s just pure guess.
Donald Wood: You know, more or less is a relative term, I will tell you anytime we go into a property that we would love to have an interest and we try to use whatever tool is in the toolbox. As you know we're not of volume acquirer. So it's not like there is a memo that comes down from my office or from Dan’s office, it sounds like the acquisition guys use more down REITs in every units. It really is what can we best do to convince a seller to do a deal with us and sometimes it works, and sometimes it doesn’t. But, no, not more, no trend difference there at this point.
Donald Wood: And I don't know if this is the direct impact – has it had a direct impact or not, but I really do like the fact that we are operating on more of a decentralized basis now. We are in –there is a team in Boston that looks at Boston. There is a team that specifically looks to Chicago. There's a team that specifically is working on the West Coast and in Washington et cetera. And so, while I'm constantly frustrated because I'm a cheap guy with the cost of deals, the type of deals that we are seeing in terms of is it real estate that we have the potential to do something with. That does seem to be stronger in all of our major markets. Now whether that converts into actual deal flow or not for billion reasons including the one that took Hastings Ranch. That small acquisition, 18 months or 20 months to get done, these things there are unpredictable in terms of what we're actually looking at. But there is certainly more in each of these teams that is being served up, today, frankly.
Donald Wood: Yes. You must have our conference room booked, because the last Investment Committee we specifically were talking about expectations with respect to construction costs, Boston in D.C., certainly in California and we don't see it going down anytime soon there. This is where we are and probably a little bit more expensive. This is where we're going to be in terms of where we're planning to be in terms of the ability to buy out these jobs. On both the material and labor perspective and that's another area that when you start talking about immigration, when you start talking about workforce changes, there is some unpredictability. And so it’s a reason I’ll always say we're not totally – we're never going to go all-in mixed use development. We’re never going to go all-in on shopping center acquisitions if you will. We're never going to go all in on any piece of our business and we've got them use to more, but we're certainly not expecting any significant change, there's no change down and no significant change above in the cost construction over the next year to 18 months.
Donald Wood: It's a great question, Floris. I think you're really asking why would sleep over and I can’t just give you my standard everything because it's true. What it really - what I feel best about is the cost of money. When I feel best about is that balance sheet and so I’ve got to tell you that is the single biggest – I mean 2008, 2009 showed everybody what is important tool that is to have that right and we’re heck of a lot stronger than we were even 2008, 2009. So the one of the things I worry about lease is the financing, because of our track record and because of the strength of the balance sheet at the way we have set. Now, so I guess I start with what I worry about lease and you ask what I worry about most effectively and most has everything to do with the changing retail environment and the ability to have retailers clear enough in their business plans to make decisions to open source. And that is just the single biggest thing. It's less about the bankruptcies. I always expected to be bankruptcies it’s part and parcel of our business it often results in and don't just mean bankruptcies I mean tenant failures. However, more broadly defined it all these results and some level of lease termination fees that part and parcel of our business, it always results in opening up the redevelopment opportunities, which are always a part of our business, a huge part of our business, but the deal making requires a retailer to be very clear or residential or apartment dwellers to be clear on where their future is. And right now to me that's the fundamental question it's the changing consumer and it’s online shopping, uncertainty in the administration that stuff is what worries me because the end of the day, we need to people for REIT space before I think REIT space I think a bunch of money. So that's the overriding risk I see our business, and frankly a lot of businesses that that you forget in good times, when people are clear about when management team CEOs are clear about where their companies are going they invest, they invest in good factory, they invest a new shopping centers, they invest and what are people work hiring et cetera. In our business with the change in consumer with changing – all the change we talk about that is my largest worry.
Donald Wood: Well, I don't know whether you're seeing with their more or not in Chicago. I do know that the team that has the responsibility for Chicago we really like. And if you just get down to the centralization part and you think about a specific team that really like the market that they're in, for whatever the reasons are. I would expect to see more stuff coming up for investment opportunities in that and all our market and all of our markets from those individual teams. Now whether they work their way through investment committee and whether they make sense or not stay tune that is yet to play out, but that's probably how I would answer Chicago.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Now with regards to the drag, I mean, I think we are trying to outline some of that in our disclosure in the third quarter with regards to the range of about $0.06 to $0.07 of drag from the opening of Phase II in 2017 and likely into 2018. And I’d just point you to how we expect in 2017 and in 2018 and into 2019 how the NOI will proceed in terms of growth at both Assembly and Pike & Rose. I mean, I think that's the best way to kind of express to you kind of how we see that ramp up. But $0.06 to $0.07 that we outlined is the impact on 2017 as they open and as capitalized interest rolls off and as we lease up some of the residential with very limited pre-leasing.
Daniel Guglielmone: I will add one thing to you, Paul that you might find interesting. There is a shopping center here in the DC area that has been on our list for a long time. It's not a regional center, but it is that’s more of a strong community center with some opportunity both in leasing and potential into small development. We basically dropped out at a high 3s, 4 cap on our underwriting and it went for significantly more money than that to a private company not a public company, but private company now that is in our business. And when I looked at that and I shook my head and said that we’ve been looking really carefully to see if we could see any kind of weakening in or backtracking if you will of cap rates and that one looked extremely high and we’re not being able to looking at that property either and it just want for a really big number in the 30s.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Too many questions, listen with respect to the fourth quarter renewals, I mean that’s an anemic number, 1% anemic number anyway you look at it. I also have to start by saying it's a quarter, so what. And inside of that, when you look at it, there is one particular deal in there where we specifically roll down a tenant to keep them in the properties that we were looking to or looking at to redevelop and we're not ready yet, so we didn't want to lose them to the center all the way. So we keep them and that brought us down without that would be in the mid single-digit still, nothing wonderful to write home about, but a whole lot better than 1% what that looks. And then with respect to anchors we did the guidance that you just is something that we are comfortable with in terms of the rest of the anchor leasing to lease up in the two deal that I talked about were two of the better deals. In terms of that rolled up that we're remaining list. So we still expect to be rolling up the balance and the teams certainly but not maybe down to 20s.
Jeffrey Berkes: Hey, Paul. Yes, I mean anecdotally, Paul we hear that B&C properties are either not crediting are not getting the buyer pool of these two which is affecting pricing, but thinking we are not really out looking for B&C real estate. I can tell you no change at all of the pricing for A’s it still extremely competitive and expensive.
Jeffrey Berkes: Okay. Sure, Don. Hey, Craig. Yes, I mean I think find the best way to look at Hastings is way down laid it out on one hand, we are sitting on 15 acres land or 274,000 square feet of improvements on it that generates the 6% return that it’s going to grow roughly the rate the same is the rest of our portfolio over the foreseeable future. And that's the scenario we priced and underwrote and that’s something we can happen obviously, if we don’t get control over the land or get control over the Sears box. On the complete other end of the spectrum what you're getting to Craig, is if we do get control the land and we do get control over the Sears box. There is a significant opportunity to reposition that property over the coming years. It's got a zoning that allows anywhere from a 1.0 to 3.0 FARs roughly 650,000 feet three times that. It's right next to the 210 free ways where there's 240,000 cars a day that goes by and walking distance to the metro gold line. So it’s fundamentally great real estate with a wide range of potential outcomes and we won't know we're headed on it for several years, but it's again what we always look for this real estate which is protected downside, which in those case has been sitting there and run it like it is today and running the six and watching it grow or doing something significantly different. And then of course there's two or three scenarios in the middle that could work out to just way too early to tell.
Jeffrey Berkes: Well, I wish I could like say that we’re superhuman, but we're not, the asset was actually marketed for sale back in 2015. And there were some complications of getting the deal done and what we've done in the past, we have hung around the hoop and work through some of those issues with seller, we developed really, really good relationship with and we are able to get the eventually the deal done. So nothing more magic to it than that. We’ve found over the years persistence and patience to give the kind of real estate that we want to payoff and this will be a great example of that.
Jeffrey Berkes: Well, I would say there is a lot of nuance in all these deals, Chris and I’m sorry that I kind of pinpoint that number, but on Don’s point not far off whether it's high 3’s or low 4’s that’s kind of the range.
