Don Wood: Well, first of all Alex, it's good to know that you are very predictable in terms of the first part of your statements are not a question. But the -- in terms of the bigger -- in terms of the question you're asking, it's a whole bunch of things. It's not just one thing, but certainly the notion of the amount of time that -- there are a lot of people assume certainly in our markets have not -- had not been out and had been at home and have restrictions one way or the other. I got to tell you, as you know, that gets old. And so, you would have thought -- I think you're seeing a revised -- rejuvenises if you will, low for socialization.  I can tell you any restaurants, certainly in New York, that you would see you would be -- you can't even get a reservation. And we're seeing that same thing throughout our properties. So, people want to be out. Tenants are upgrading their space and having the ability. Obviously, I'm talking at our portfolio primarily, but having the ability to get into better real estate, in a portfolio that was as low as 89% is some-odd percent leased. That's just rare as it gets perfect. And so, the ability to actually have a chance to upgrade is -- it's a huge driver as we've been talking about all the way through. From a consumer perspective, you've certainly got the demand.  From a real estate perspective, the tenant perspective, you certainly have the demand, and then the other side of it is -- and this surprise me. You can call it sandbagging or whatever, but it's surprised me that we have not lost more tenants over the past 6 or 8 months in 2021. The notion of tenants holding on to their properties and finding a way to make it through and not wanting to lose their superior positions from real estate was greater than we expected. So, the combination of not losing them, having availability from the 89% coming back up, and the strong consumer demand, you put those 3 things together. And I think you've got the bulk of the answer to your question. And we have a say and we don't see a change to that, at this point. That's continuing strong in an innovative way.
Don Wood: No, no. No, Alex. It's the trice building. It's one. For us, first of all, just get it all in perspective. There is Assembly Row with office Pike & Rose, with office potential opportunities and it's Santana Row. In all 3 markets, the demand is there. The Santana West is a different kettle of fish because it's one big building that we're looking for one big tenant to take the whole thing. At Assembly, the -- what has happened to the building that was Puma and just boom up forever has been astonishing in the past period of time. There you may see us able to announce another building next year.  We're working it hard right now. But to your point, that demand could mean that there's a faster route to the next building. In terms of Pike & Rose, we certainly didn't expect to be announcing another office building here, as you know, building we just moved into. We were the only tenants in here on August 10th of 2020. The notion that this building is 90% or 89, whatever it is, percent lease, and our conversations with Choice, who originally started about this building, was such that we could not accommodate them.  We needed, if we wanted to do that deal, to started another building. It's astonishing. And I don't think this is even handed throughout the country. Obviously, there's a whole question of what happens to office-based as in terms of needs going forward over the next decade. But I know if you're in an amenity rich environment with new buildings in places like where we are. I know you are in the catbird seat. Because I'm seeing it in terms of the deals we're doing. So, 1, maybe 2 buildings over the next year.
Don Wood: And Craig, the only thing I just want to add to that is it's a different perspective when you're trying to do what Jeff is talking about here, when you also have the development pipeline that's already been spent creating inevitable future growth,
Don Wood: Yeah, let's talk about Huntington. First of all, I think Simon did an amazing job, amazing job at the adjacent Walt Whitman Mall to Huntington. They did -- they just did a great job bringing the entire profile of that product up to what that market frankly deserves. That -- but we would've liked to have done something similar at Huntington, but we have leases in place which are restricted.  Well, COVID took care of that, didn't it? And so, the notion of being able, therefore, to go and lock in Whole Foods as our anchor, which we have, is a game changer. And so now the future of Huntington, which will marry up very nicely to a brand-new Whitman mall adjacent to it, with a Whole Foods anchored center, on that piece of land, I mean, it's gold. Give us a couple of years to get it built out and done, and that'll be another avenue for future growth for Federal.
Don Wood: It's a good question, Katie. And so, we are pretty darn good shape in locking up our costs, but we're not all the way there yet. Basically, at the end of the day, we should be able to yield as fix, and potentially better on the building. The building will be close to $200 million to build, hopefully not that high, but somewhere around that spot. And so, what it does, and that's a fully loaded 6, to the extent you talked about incremental will be higher. We're really just thrilled to be able to take what we've done and capitalize on it. I couldn't imagine starting that in a place that wasn't already very established with the amenity that's already here.
Don Wood: I would. I would say it's balanced now. And all 3 of them, they got hurt a lot more obviously than the essential base properties throughout the portfolio. And so those 3 still are not back to where they are going to be or where we want them at all. So yes, there is outside growth at those properties because as you know -- I mean, the office leasing is just one component of what we're seeing. And then you can imagine what it's doing to the retail side, in terms of the leasing that's coming to fill space that hadn't been there before. That growth will continue and we will take all of 2022, the variant in the 2023 where you'll continue to see that out-sized growth from those 3 properties space.  They are special properties now. That is where people want to be. It's also, as you can imagine, where people want to live. And so, I think we're like 97% leased at us at the residential component of those assets. Certainly, we have some restrictions in the jurisdictions that they're in on the ability to increase rents in the case of Montgomery County, and evict in the case of Summerville and Massachusetts. But overall, when you sit and you think about those, they were the places of choice. And so, we see some real good long-term growth on that component, of those mixed-use properties also.
Don Wood: Significant. And Jeff and I argue about this, cause it's all conjecture, right? Who knows? But when you look at what things are trading at, all the way through, I'm thinking 15%, maybe 20% more? Big numbers.
Don Wood: Yeah, activity. No, I like the way Wendy put it, Greg, they are real deals. And so, yeah there's a lot of capital, there is a lot of capital on all deals today and that is a trend that continues, but the rent pays for it. And so, when you look at it net of capital, these are good deals.
Don Wood: There's a lot to unpack in there. And certainly, as I tried to hit in the prepared remarks, the supply chain issues are so broad that yeah, they got to be managed really tightly, and there is absolutely risk there. And so, when you take a -- you go from lease to actually getting a tenant opened, we had better be proactive. And we have been extremely proactive about whether it be allowing for a larger lead time, whether it be moving ahead with work effectively before everything is all tied up.  A big one and I've -- Wendy mentions this all the time, and that's how I know it must be pervasive, is using our relationships with our tenant to be able to divide up work for who has the best leverage in a situation to get the appropriate supplies, or to trade some things out, has been really effective. So, I am certainly not expecting us to have significant delays throughout the year, there will certainly be example where we do, there will be other examples where we'll beat it.  But it does -- but your point is important. It has to be a very proactive and creative way to deal with something that is, in some respects, uncontrollable. So, we'll see how that plays out, so far so good. And then on the costs, really good thing that the biggest piece of our development pipeline is already locked in and is -- even as I sit here on 909 Rose, our office building here, this building was built with 2018 money. And even though there's been a delay and has taken longer to effectively get it leased up.  Now that it has, those deals are really good deals on 2018 money. And so, this will work out just fine same way at Santana, same way up in assembly. On a new stuff, we got a lock in early, best we can. Lock in price escalation, we got to leverage buying power with bulk purchases. We have the sole source alternate suppliers. It's all part of a very proactive and tightly controlled development organization. I think we're really good at.
Don Wood: I think you're really need to think about it from an IRR perspective. Because going in cap rates today are so -- you don't even know what the NOI or the POI is being captives when people talk about cap rates the way they are. Because of the disruptions of COVID, because of the assumptions being made about releasing and things like that. You have to dig deeper when somebody gives you a cap rate. What -- so from our perspective, we don't say no to something at a 4 or say yes to something at a 6 based on that cap rate, we are looking at where we can create value in that real estate.  And honestly, looking at IRR, with IRR assumptions. So, to the extent our IRR is over and above 150 basis points of our cost of capital as we define it, we like that deal. Sometimes 100 basis points over, sometimes 200 basis points over. We look at our IRR in a I'm very honest, sober way because I think if you only think about it in cap rate perspective, you miss the opportunities of the both.
Don Wood: What's happening now. The single biggest thing that's going to impact the timing of the trajectory is the lease up of the Santana West building in California. As I've said, that's an on-off switch. Or hopefully it's an on-off switch because it's a we're looking for a single tenant user the building, at least the majority of the building.  So, the timing of that creates variability in that trajectory. And the second thing is, I am very confident this is going to be a 95% leased portfolio. That trajectory of that 95, we have to see. To the extent that is quicker will get the seventh faster to the extended slower. We'll get it to its lower. But basically, what we're seeing happening now, the continuation of that will get you there. I hope that's helpful.
Don Wood: And Haendel, just to make the point, we expect stock rates go up, and accordingly when you're looking at capital allocation, how you're going to fund our growth, whether that's with those dispositions or whether it's with equity or, you know we take a balanced approach. So, you should expect some dispositions and taking advantage of the market that is there today.  As Danny said, you should expect some of the forward contracts that we've taken to be issued all on a modest basis, all with a balanced approach to that. I'm not surprising you with one way to fund this Company, but with that we're using all the tools we got available.
Don Wood: A big chunk of that number will hit in 22? I would say that 90% of the income from those leases, will happen in the fourth quarter, and over the balance of 2022.
Don Wood: Yes, no. Strong and significantly better than we thought. There’re 2 components to it. First, is there are -- there is percentage rent on deals that were not adjusted during COVID. They have natural or unnatural breakpoints betting on how it contracts its RIN and sales have been high. So just there's a natural component to percentage rent that is better than the others. And then as I think we talked about in the past, there have been -- some of our COVID deals effectively traded out; fixed rent for a low great point of percentage rent, so that we were sharing the recovery, if you will, with the prospective tenants.  The recovery has been stronger. And so, percentage rent on those COVID adjusted deals were higher. So, I think what we have $4.9 million in the quarter. When you think about $5 million, will be 5 million times 4, $20 million for the year? No, it won't. This was -- it was a really good quarter and some of those deals in percentage rent will convert back to fixed rent deal. Just by the very nature of the contract, it won't be as strong in that particular number going forward. But I am hopeful that's helpful. In either case, it's because sales were higher than we thought they would be.
Don Wood: You are right, keeping to look at one of the components we look at, and that's price per acre. Because at the end of the day, what you get in at, will help determine what it is that you can make work, in terms highest and best use. And so, when you look at something like Grossmont, price per acre is really important to us because we're not sure of exactly which way we can go. But because of a price we've got in it, we've got multiple ways to go.  And that's when you really think about creating value it really often comes down to the flexibility. To show we have an idea, and then often something gets in the way of that idea; whether your choices. And so, I don't want to say that price per acre is not important. It's really important. And obviously, when you get the highest and best use, you try to figure out what your IRR will be as you go through. That going in price is probably the most important factor in determining what it is that you can do.
Don Wood: Well, so I would say the chance of having a big 4, a 4th project, are less than 50-50. They're not 0, they're not even 20%, but it's less than 50-50, and there's a number of reasons for that. The single biggest reason is everything has to be looked at through our risk-adjusted prism. And when you look at the big 3, it's funny because we've been doing the big 3 for so long, everybody loves to say, Okay, what's the next? But if you work here and you would try to figure out where you want to put capital incrementally to create the most value.  Time and time again, you will come down to the big 3 because we're not close to being done. And so, the notion of adding incremental building to Santana Row, Pike & Rose, and Assembly Row, just kills the comparison with starting another mixed-use property that will take two decades to do. It always comes down to capital allocation and where your alternatives are and what the smartest thing to do is. And then I think the mistake that some investors and analysts make are underestimating the level of growth and capital that is still yet to come at the Big Three, some 10, 15, the case of Santana, 20 years later.
Don Wood: Paulina, I want to say one thing about that right now. You asked a question; how long do you think they'll need it? That's irrelevant because these are deals that were cut. They were cut in the middle of COVID. They were cut to expire with expiration dates at some point either in 2021 or in 2022, and a couple just because negotiating got us to 2023. They actually don't need it any longer. And that's why you see percentage rent the way you see it, middle of setting that abatement.  And it was smart that we were able to switch off an abatement for a fixed rent for percentage rent because we are getting paid. It's just in a different line than you see it there. I just want to make sure you know. These are contracts that were agreed to previously that have sunset dates on them. The end of this year, some in '22 and a couple in '23. That number will bill -- burn down over the course of 2022.
Don Wood: You know Linda, all I would say is -- and I just did an interview for the Washington Business Journal around the Choice deal. And the -- we are seeing pretty consistently in our places and again, it's a small sample size. But most people are looking for less space. And from where they are to where they're going. And I guess I'm not saying anything so eye-opening there. But it's been pretty consistent and equally consistent is obviously the ones we're talking to are putting a very high-value on the amenity base environment in buildings that are brand-new.  And so, when you put those two things together, we're not getting frankly, the rent pressure, partly because I think it's -- the total rent that they're paying is not more than they were paying before because they are taking less space. And so interestingly, the biggest component of where they're going, and almost all have some kind of a hybrid work model associated with is that partly allows them to take less of space. But they're unyielding with respect to what amenity base means, and the frankly newness of the building.
Don Wood: But again, just remember Linda, you're not talking to a guy with a lot of office knowledge throughout the country. We're talking about really San Jose, California, here in outside of Washington D.C., and outside of Boston, and that's it.
Don Wood: Tammi, I just want to add that something what Jeff said, which I couldn't agree with more all way through. You can't really -- you cannot underestimate that when you're a player in a market, how prospective sellers, or people that are not even sellers, but might be sellers, will view you, how they'll come to you? How you'll see things that you wouldn't see? It's so different than just owning one or two properties in a very wide place because obviously, our business -- this business is local.  And the best example we have that just happened is effectively what's going on in Phoenix. I mean, we are talking -- the inbound questions along with our own work in Phoenix has quadrupled from what it would have been when -- if we had just bought 1 or 2 very small properties.  By owning Camelback Colonnade, we're a player. It's well-known. And what -- you can't underestimate how that can lead to more work. And certainly, on the retailer side and on the operational side, you get your obvious efficiencies and disproportionate level of play. We've seen that in Washington, DC, in suburban Maryland forever. We're now starting to see it in Northern Virginia. because we've made such a play there. There's no doubt in my mind that concentration is a really big plus in this business. And no more so than on the acquisition side.
Don Wood: I think some will be resolved. I think some will be kicked out. Right. We're down to the last 3% to 4% of tenants, and we are obviously have taken a much stronger position with them. We are not in COVID as an economy anywhere near the extent we were obviously. And so, to the extent those businesses can survive in the existing business and going forward, maybe they don't belong here. A nd so we're taking a harder line on that side. With respect to the balance. We certainly expect to get paid and will. I'm not -- I don't -- the difference between 96% and 99.3%, I don't know whether it's 1/2 and 1/2of those choices or 2/3 and 1/3, but it's something like that.
Don Wood: So, we started with Katy Mcconnell. We ended with Katy Mcconnell, but it's not Katy Mcconnell. So, I thought --
Don Wood: I don't think that the power center conversion to Assembly Row 9.0 or wherever it would be at that point is imminent, so I don't want you to think about it that way. It is obvious when you think about the long -term highest and best use of any piece of property, given what's happened at Assembly Row. And eventually, one day there should be intensification on the power center site. But it is years and years away. I don't -- heck, you won't pay me for '23 for Pete's sake, never mind whenever that's going to happen at that asset. But forgetting about that, look at the rest of Assembly Row.  Look at the space between Partners HealthCare and our existing property and what happens to them. And it is -- we are looking very hard at life sciences sale, as you can imagine. And to the extent we can get the economics to make some sense at all. Obviously construction costs are the biggest hurdle in that. But given what's happened to the adjacent properties, it's really clear to us that the assembly site at -- in Somerville, is going to be a life sciences site at some point. Whether it's just the adjacencies or whether it includes us, will depend on whether we can make the numbers work or not. But that you should -- that is far more imminent certainly than the power center site.
Don Wood: I love that question, man, because you're basically talking to a very conservative guy. In terms of those, I worry about everything going forward all the time. In this case the thing that gives me confidence, and it's a lot of confidence, is I am sure that what we own and where it is, is really valuable. And so, it's like the office side, we may be over office in this country now. We talked about being over retail wherever, we may be over office.  But Federal Realty is it, because where we have that office and what is being built in terms of that office, if there's any office at all. It's going to be -- That demand is going to be at places like this that we own. I feel the same way on the retail. And so, where you hear confidence from me, you don't hear confidence that everything is great in the world is going to stay great in the world. I just know on a relative basis, whatever is happening, we've got the right products. And that's where my -- that's where my confidence comes from.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Craig, as you probably know the market, like Don said, has snap back very quickly. And it is very active, deals, institutional quality, first-ranked deals in the markets where we do business are now 4.5 to 5 cap deals. So very aggressive pricing. We have a pretty strong pipeline. Our acquisitions teams are busy.  Nothing real material to talk about yet, but we've got some stuff on the Verizon we're excited about and maybe next quarter or 2 we will be able to talk more about it. But the market just picked up very, very significantly and we're obviously happy to see that, but being disciplined and differentiating ourselves by trying to get stuff before it comes to market and put our money into assets that we think we have a reasonable chance to redevelop and grow income stream over time.
Jeff Berkes: when you also have a portfolio that was hit harder during COVID and therefore has more room to grow to get back to a stabilized occupancy. So, there are other levers, if you will, to flow that continue the growth. And frankly, any acquisitions are the cherry on top of an already very robust growth profile.
Jeff Berkes: On the disposition side of things, we do what we always do and come for the portfolio and if those assets aren't keeping up with the growth that we've projected for the rest of the portfolio, we look at selling them and we're actively in that process right now. Again, nothing to talk about on this call, but we always look at peeling off a portion of the portfolio and that's scheduling $100 million or so every year, and we're in that process right now.
Jeff Berkes: Hey, Ki, it's Jeff. It's a little different, of course, or maybe a lot different than a couple of cases on the group of properties that we bought. But you know us and you know us well, and we're always looking to the highest and best use of the real estate. So, in a couple of those centers, it's relatively simple; cleaning them up and doing a better job on leasing, including in extent to one case potentially having a better grocery anchor.  There’re some identification opportunities for a couple of the properties for sure, and then gross bond is a little bit of a blank slate that we need to think through and figure out what we're going to do with all leases about property coming up in 2025 and we're in that process.  The goal there is to narrow the options by the end of the year, and have some clear direction at some point in 2022, but we're not quite there yet. As you know, our view is always buying this piece of land we can buy, in terms of location and isolation, density, incomes, road network, all that gets up. And then put on that piece of land what the market demands and generate as much rent as possible one. That's why we bought those deals. They will have those characteristics and it's a little bit different than each one that, that's what we'll be doing.
Jeff Berkes: And they'll leave some good growth. We're really happy with the growth profile than what we bought the last year.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah, let me try and start with the end of your question first Tammi, and if I don't get all of it, tell me what I missed. Look, we've said a number of times we really like the markets that we're in, and we see great benefit from having a concentration in each of those markets. We think that helps us see more deals on the acquisition side of our business going forward, and it certainly puts us in a much better position when we're talking to tenants.  Every one of our leasing people would tell you that so being concentrated in a market is important. So certainly, now that we're in the greater Phoenix Metropolitan area, we're going to want to grow in Greater Phoenix and get that same concentration that we have in our other target markets.  So, expect to see that. I think we've mentioned on some prior calls that we are looking at a couple of new markets, doing our research, making sure we're identifying where in those markets we want to be in. We're working on deals in those markets. Whether they happen or not, I don't know. It's too soon to say. But. don't be surprised if we pick another a couple of markets to be in. The share of the -- characteristics of the markets we're already in, which is barriers to entry and good education and income, and the population density levels, and properties where we think over time we can grow the income stream and add value. That's what we do.
Dan Guglielmone: It will be lumpy, but it should grow with all the office leasing that we're doing. The big driver was boomer this quarter, which is still in a free rent period. But as we do more and more office leasing, that's going to push to our straight-line rent increasing, and that should increase next quarter and into 2022. And no changes to how we're assessing cash to accrual.
Dan Guglielmone: Sure. I mean, the big items for next quarter is as I mentioned, a little higher expenses of property level of repairs and maintenance, demo, and other expenses. I don't expect prior period meant to be as strong consistently, a bit poor forecasters of prior period rents. I think at some point that's going to fall off and I think this quarter feels like it probably is the quarter that has happened. I think we will be issuing and we plan to be issuing about a $150 million to $200 million of equity in the quarter, which will call some drag.  And then G&A is expected to be a bit higher due to compensation expenses. So those are the main drivers that take us all Focal 151 that we had this quarter. And then in terms of cadence of occupancy, I think next year, like by year-end, we should see continued growth in our occupancy percentage from the 90.2 where it is today, probably somewhere between 90.5 and 91, in that range. And then over the course, we'll be somewhere -- I think we should get into the 92s by year-end 2022. So somewhere between 92% and 93% is probably somewhere in that range is the cadence on occupancy.
Dan Guglielmone: With regards to the lease percentage being a little slower, it was actually reversed the last quarter where our lease percentage was up significantly by 90 basis points, something like that. Look, it's quarter-to-quarter, look for the trends. We see trends continuing upwards on our lease percentage, quarter-over-quarter, some quarters may be a little slower.  We had some tenants left. We took some space back. There were some issues that came up this quarter that put a little bit of a damper on our lease percentage momentum. But we would expect given the leasing activity that we have and the leasing activity in unoccupied space that we see, we should see -- that should resume to a better than basis point increase that you saw this quarter.  I think one thing to comment, Don, is that while our occupied percentage grew 60 basis points, I don't think we had any impact. We got rent started, and it was I think a strong quarter for that in terms of getting tenants in, getting them rent-paying. And that's going to ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter. Don't look at any one particular quarter, look at the trends over time. And I think you see looking backwards, the trends have been very positive than I think that going forward we should expect that as well.
Dan Guglielmone: I mean, deferrals that you're write off are abatements. But I mean, different parts of the deals that Don alluded to where we restructured and we lowered the rent for a period of time, and then would participate through participating rent based on sales. Effectively, whatever demunition from the contractual rents to the new floor rent is considered an abatement.  To the extent that you write off previously negotiated deferrals, that's an abatement. Really where the abatements are occurring, we have restaurants. We still have that because a lot of our deals that were restructured like that because of the limits on their capacity constraints during COVID and so forth.
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah, we're going to provide that detailed, comprehensive assumptions in our guidance for next year. Just guessing it's probably in and around 3% for next year. This year while we don't think it's relevant, should come in in double-digits, low double-digits blended for the year. But I think this year it's somewhat irrelevant. Next year we'll give you a detail ed assumption on same -- comparable property growth on the February call.
Dan Guglielmone: Help me out here. It's roughly the run rate right now, parking income is about $2.5 million a quarter. And given that -- that should stay -- that's probably at about 70% to 75% of a stabilized run rate. And then hotels are not going to contribute this year. And so, we should see that it's only gravy as they increase. We've seen the scale in the list. Couple of months, kind of a real resurgence in our occupancy levels at the 3 hotels that we have. So, we're really optimistic that they will start to contribute in '22 and certainly in '23 and '24 portfolios.
Dan Guglielmone: I don't have 0. No, I will give some guidance on 2022 in February. This year, we've been pretty consistently in the $7 million to $10 million range. Started out high in the third quarter of last year, and it's been about $7 million to $8 million the last 3 quarters. I don't think we can sustain that. So that should start coming down just based upon on what's outstanding in terms of our build accounts receivable. And so, it should come down pretty meaningfully, certainly in 2022 from the levels we've had this year.
