Don Wood: Yes. Alex, that's a great question. It really is. The – first of all, I don't want to – my comments to be construed as not being positive with respect to the coastal markets. At the end of the day, it's jobs and good paying jobs at that. And when you sit and you think about kind of where we are in those markets, in those first-tier suburbs, that looks really strong. Now when you go forward and you say, okay, where would you like to put incremental capital, it doesn't mean we still won't look in the markets that we're in that we know, but it does mean that, through COVID, it's pretty darn clear that there will be other job center growth places that were starting pre-COVID but, like almost everything, have accelerated as a result of it. So when you think about markets like Phoenix, when you think about markets more like Florida and what's happening in South Florida and a couple of others, I do think it would be wrong of us to not effectively understand the dynamics in them and to be able to act on it to the extent we get comfortable with the highest-quality stuff in those markets. You'll never see us going down quality, Alex, and that's a really important point.
Don Wood: Well, first of all, there are certainly lots of dynamics. But one of the single most important things to remember is companies that are struggling at this point and continue to struggle on here, I cannot say enough about the impact of the government restrictions. I mean we're a business of contracts, and when the government steps in and effectively doesn't allow the contract to be performed – it's the weirdest time I've ever been involved in. So absent that, you do have new businesses being formed with new bases. So legacy costs of old businesses and having to be able to figure out how they're going to make money going forward with all those legacy costs is sometimes much harder than a new business coming in. If you take a look at what some – what's happening in the gym space, for example, you'll see new purchases of gyms – with packages of gyms at a fraction of the cost that you thought that, that gym company was worth 12 months ago. Now when you come in with a new low basis, you've got a completely different P&L, you've got a completely different business plan, different balance sheet and the ability to afford and to pay what you need to do to get in some of that high-quality real estate. So it's a natural cleansing that won't just be in 2021. This is a phenomenon that will take a number of years to work through. What you will see, the single biggest thing from my perspective, is businesses coming in with a lower cost basis to start versus their existing legacy competitors.
Don Wood: Yes, well, listen, first of all, the last part of your question first Steve. We got plenty of development to do. And so, first of all, Europe, you are years away in terms of development product coming online. Let me now take it to the acquisition side, so we learned a real good lesson in 2008, 2009, 2010. And Jeff and I were just talking about and lamenting about it last time. And that was, how is it, in the end of the great financial crisis or they are not going to be a ton of distressed assets for us to acquire? And there weren't. There weren't at all because great assets are often not distressed and not distressed in terms of price. And so it wasn't about us going down quality and earning a lot, getting a lot of stuff, which is kind of why at this point in time, we're looking for the best stuff around. There are people willing to talk to us about that, prices do seem to be firm but a little bit better than they were certainly a pre-COVID, but those prices are not cap rate prices, because what NOI are you capping as you look at it. They're really great real estate prices. And that's kind of how we're looking at potentially using some of that. I mean, the cash is on our balance sheet is insurance. The reason there's so much of it is insurance. That's why we did it that way. We believe going forward given what we just told you we need less insurance. And so accordingly, I don't have a day treasure trove of transactional information on deals that have just happened that we can really talk to you about in terms of where we're trying to go, but suffice it to say, we do believe we will find some opportunities in the markets we want to begin including our existing markets and one or two new ones that effectively let us get deals done in a way that will be accretive now and certainly accretive the value with more development opportunities associated with them going forward.
Don Wood: Derek, we don't see it as that much. There will be some compression. And I think if you look at the 8-K that we put out. We did get more conservative on a couple of those assumptions. There's still a lot to figure out yet. And again, it depends on the product. It's certainly hard to figure out on the office side today, but it's not in construction costs. It's certainly in holding period, so your carry – you can certainly expect it to add to a longer period of time. It's most likely in build out costs, from a TI perspective, if you will, for more office space there. And then in terms of rents, man, I got to tell you, it's – it's anybody's guess to some extent, but our office and residential development, which is most of what our development is, our all-in mixed-use properties that are well established and effectively are the best product that is available coming out of COVID. So you shouldn't expect us drop in rents in any significant way because I don't think we'll need to do that. There may be some – there'll be some extra carry cost associated with it maybe a little bit more TI, but everything we still see, it says that the developments that we are completing will be accretive to value and accretive to earnings.
Don Wood: Let me go first then anybody else who has got a perspective please add into this here. But I do think there is truth to the way you phrase that question, with a couple of exceptions. And the biggest exception really is, in terms of small business and when you look at small shop and small business and I could not tell you, you'll never talk to anybody more frustrated than I am, with respect to some of the restrictions that are extremely severe on our properties, it's not only restaurants, it's other users also from government entities. And so to the extent that I don't know when they'll be lifted. I don't know when – how long those businesses can last, I suspect stimulus is coming soon, but it's February, whatever it is 11 or something. And we've been talking about it for months and months and months. So on the small business side, those are the people who are being hurt the most and that's different than the big companies that are national chains. But frankly, we make our money on the small businesses that effectively turnover become successful and can pay more rent. So I do see that being a very positive catalyst as we looked out going forward. I just don't think it's right now. And that's where, maybe it's a good time for me to say what I say the silly thing that we put out there today and that is, in all my years I've never been able to say that I'm more comfortable with a forecast, with a view to the future, one year out, then I am today. But I'm which is why we're not giving 2021 guidance, which is why we're effectively talking about 2022 with more specificity. That's kind of crazy in my history of kind of doing this job, but it is the way it is today. And so we thought we'd get out there and try to get both the sell-side and the buy side to realistically start looking at least from Federal Realty's perspective as it – at our growth profile, which – so us inside to our Board of Directors looks extremely positive but certainly not in February of 2021.
Don Wood: Heck, Nick, I just gave this whole big impassioned speech about 2022, and you took me back to February of 2021. Go ahead.
Don Wood: Assuming those three things that I talked about, no, but again, if you kind of go back to the conversation, right, 75% of the company's right there now, right. Go back to the comments I'm making, so understand that. Certainly, the same thing or better with respect to the residential and the office, so it leaves the retail of 25% of the company, which is the mixed-use and lifestyle stuff, that is really dependent upon stuff that is out of our control. And so as an investor, and investor is going to decide whether you believe in that real estate that growth is coming or not, dependent not on me, but depending on what he believes about vaccinations, what he believes about opening from government restrictions and what he believe about the consumer. So that's kind of where I would leave it.
Don Wood: You know Mike, it’s – let me just add – just say something to Dan, when you – what I don't want to do is go down the rabbit hole, you want me to go. And let me be very specific about that, when you go line item by line item, as you do you put a specific amount of exactness or credibility or false understanding. That's actually what's going to happen. We don't know that, Mike. When you break – you know the components of this business, you know the development that is under way that we give updates on every single call. The amount of rent that we're collecting effectively we just broke it out between 75% of the company, the essential component and the lifestyle component of the company. The notion of how we grow earnings and what we've been able to do, it's definitely a question for an investor to decide, do you believe in this business plan to be able to get there. But if I do it your way, Mike. What I'm winding up with are billions of questions on individual line by line item that suggests that they are more accurate than we are able to provide at this point. So we're not going to do that.
Don Wood: I disagree. I think we've been giving you tons of context on it, Mike. I think we've given you tons of context, to the extent, it's not enough, then certainly by another stock or recommend another stock. It's what's been happening anyway. But when you sit and you think about the quality of this real estate and where it's going, I think our investors understand, how we're going to get there because everybody including you has a model and can certainly figure out and make assumptions in that model, in terms of how that would happen, it's not so crazy to do, take some work, but it's not so crazy to do.
Don Wood: Yes, that's a fair question. We – I hope with a little bit of luck, you see both and because to us and this is kind of the way it's – we really believe it's not about a particular format or a particular type of shopping center. It's about the growth prospects. And if we think the growth prospects are in a more stabilized asset that has rent upside because it should be remerchandised and kind of – I don't want to say federalized, but federalized effectively then we like that a lot. If it's one that's been mishandled, mismanaged and could be redeveloped and maybe there's some vertical investment there, we like that too, it depends. So the first thing we're aiming for is the right markets with the right barriers to entry with the right demographics, so that we can get comfortable and job growth, so that we can get comfortable that we've got a pretty good chance with doing what we do of creating overall higher sales from the tenants and higher rents therefore. So you will see, I hope you'll see, I mean, who knows what gets done, what can't get done. But we're looking at both opportunities for mixed-use development with some kind of stabilize piece there first and then a development down the road and a more stabilized asset where we think there is some rent growth possibilities and other ways to create value. I hope that's helpful.
Don Wood: Craig, it's – that's right. And first of all, the first point is exactly right. The first quarter is seasonally always the toughest for our business. But the other point, again, kind of back to the small business comment. And yes, the longer the government closures are mandated, the harder it is for those small businesses to continue because they're depleting resources day by day as it goes through here. So while I don't have an exact number, I cannot give you a line for the model with respect to how many businesses go out and what that means to the overall occupancy perspective. It is reasonable to assume that there'll be a hit. I don't think you want to put a number out there at all of what it is, but we always thought, frankly for a year now, which I think is pretty cool – we thought that our first quarter and maybe into the second quarter, we'll see, we'll be in the high 80s. Certainly on the small shop space, it will be. The anchors are hanging real tough.
Don Wood: Yes. It's interesting. So we are doing, we're all over the place on the restaurant alternatives that we like to offer in any particular property. One of the things that we're really doing a bunch of is trying to reconfigure outdoor space and create more of it. We're using as part of our property improvement plans as part of the stuff that we're doing, we're using more pergola. We're using more furniture in areas and landscaping to create those places, which restaurants are asking for. And what – maybe we put you in touch, Mike, it's a long complicated answer actually, to kind of the business plans of new food uses – but put you in touch with like Stu Biel in our shop, who has got the – has got a lot of these type of properties. And so while the quick service stuff that we're still doing and we'll continue to do is pretty much as it was. But again, even there looking for outside seating wherever possible, any other common areas are specific to them. It is also the sitdown restaurants. And the sitdown restaurants that have the ability to be inside, outside. I see that not to the extent it is today, but some piece of that is that comfort with eating outside to continue. That was happening in a bigger way for us pre-COVID and like everything else was accelerated through the COVID process. So big variety, in terms of what's going on, but definitely more of a focus on outside.
Don Wood: Well, what we're doing Linda to start is a lot of these deals have a low fixed rent and a hard percentage to effectively figure out the question, that you're asking because, while there are lower bases going in, the question of how much volume they're going to be able to do and where their price points are going to be able to be two years from now are different than what they will be in the first 12 months when they open up. So I love your question and I spend a lot of time thinking about them, talking about how those business models are going to work. And the bottom line is, there is uncertainty with it. And so in sharing that risk with them from a percentage rent basis, but to the extent they work being able to actually earn more rent than we used to earn is our objective. Whether we get there or not will depend upon the first 12 months to 18 months of the openings of our restaurant like that.
Don Wood: Yes. That's a good question. I hope to be in the high-single digits at that point. And again with us always it will depend upon the mix of a big deal here versus smaller deals, etc. But – and that's where I hope to be. Also the one thing about what I did you say on the restaurant side, every deal we do, there is a landlord right to terminate after two or three years depending on sales level. So we're kind of going in this with you, but you don't have 10 years to figure it out, you know what I mean. So it's a pretty good balance, if you will, of sharing the risk.
Don Wood: Yes. Well, what we should do and I think you're new to the retail side of Green Street is covering or no? But I'd like to spend more time with you offline to kind of go through what our business plan, because we are pretty agnostic, if you will, in terms of the retail format for everything from community-based, grocery-anchored shopping centers to more of a power center, to more of the lifestyle center and obviously the mixed-use component. So really what we're open to, is and we're real estate people first and foremost. And so looking at the format of the center is not the first thing we're looking at because we're open to all of it. The first thing we're looking at is the ability with that piece of land and that shopping environment that they have for us to be able to create value, either through raising rents or through redevelopment or even then further going vertical.
Don Wood: No. I very much believe in those trends, we will change the office environment dramatically in the country. I do – I think the most important thing is the product you have wherever that product is, is the best in the market. There is always going to be demand in the market that which we do business and certainly or all this, it’s just better be what employers want and if you kind of look at where our office product is in terms of the mixed-use community that we are in with being fully amenitized, with being brand-new buildings, which is really important with respect to air and HVAC movement, etc. I think we're in the right places with the right product; and so office is not generic and that's what has to be viewed very carefully post-COVID.
Don Wood: Certainly, take it under consideration Floris. And just to respond to the frustration. The frustration is with the bullying of the line-by-line, this is what you should do, you're right. I don't take that well at all. Because we're running the company, the best way we can communicating the best way that we can and certainly, we'll take suggestions, but we won't be bullying.
Don Wood: Very possibly, Floris. Yes. No, look, we made a bad deal with that one. But that doesn't change the fact that job growth, migration, business friendly, environment could be good for us going forward. I think you're going to love CocoWalk when you see that completed. I know you love Tower Shops which is completed. Those are going to be two of our best assets in the company. So, yes, you bet you we're open to more.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. No, I think that's fair. You heard me right, roughly $1. I think that, look, the government restrictions that second wave that came on in December is impacted kind of our momentum on collections and so forth. And we expect to impact our business of our tenants in the first quarter.
Dan Guglielmone: But yes, so I think we will likely take a bit of a step backwards, but I think you can build off of that and get back to where we. Look, we don't have a lot of visibility and that's why we're not providing guidance on 2021.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Our essential-based assets basically, are at or better than our peers, 92% collection levels, only down – basically at about 92%, 93% of last year's numbers, they have performed as well in worse and more restricted markets. So we feel as though their performance is at or as good as anyone out there and it's really the lifestyle mixed use where we were felt that impact.
Dan Guglielmone: Michael, we're not providing formal guidance, okay. We provided – typically on our November call, we provide preliminary goalposts, okay, where we don't provide any assumptions behind it. Even today, we have provided a goalpost, okay, for 2021, that's what we provided to you, we're not providing assumptions. I think in light of COVID, I think that we're comfortable providing what we are providing and the assumptions will hopefully come at some point, later this year in 2021, when we have better clarity on kind of the environment and when those things are going to happen that will allow us to have the visibility to provide the level of detail and assumptions that you're asking for.
Dan Guglielmone: Michael, on that, the assumptions – broad assumptions behind the $1 relative to the $1.14 in the fourth quarter, we've started collections in January are down and behind December's collections. December collections were a little bit weaker. We have $3.5 million of term fees in the fourth quarter, another strong year of term fees, we're not projecting that. Our occupancy is projected to go down in the first quarter. Like I had indicated, we expected to head into the 80s. Percentage rent is down and plus we sold a number of assets and we're sitting with significant cash on the balance sheet, relative to where we're putting those proceeds to work immediately. We're building capacity and financial capacity and flexibility when it will be dilutive in the quarter, before we deploy that cash. That is the rough roadmap from $1.14 for roughly a $1.
Michael Bilerman: I respect that, Don, but at the same time, every one of your competitors is taking their best shot at numbers. And the reality if I feel like...
Michael Bilerman: But you put out like my view is, you just – you teased people by saying we're going to get to $5 in 2022 and it's going to be a $1 in the first quarter 2021 without giving the contact of how you get there, right. I rather talk about how you're going to get there, then...
Michael Bilerman: We can and we know where The Street is. The Street's at $1.14 for the first quarter, you did $1.14 this quarter. And you're saying it’s $1. All I'm asking is that in a narrowly focused way.
