Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, we have -- as I've mentioned kind of throughout the beginning of the year, we've got upwards of $300 million to $400 million of assets that we currently have under consideration for sale, kind of the initial cap rates or yields on those assets are kind of in the low 6s. And if we include maybe a couple more assets there, it probably dips below 6% on an initial yield basis. So attractive, and more importantly, in our view, the long-term IRRs are very attractive relative to where we feel we can deploy capital in the acquisition market.  So a very attractive source of capital. We'll see whether or not all of that pool under consideration will get executed. But we've broadened the pool, and we'll use that effectively as a source of capital. 
Daniel Guglielmone: And just to add further, the rent bumps on the small shop right in the 3% range, on average. And more importantly, we've done exceptionally well on anchors, where it's across the board. And I think that's a differentiator. That's not appreciated. And so -- and add into that, which Don alluded to, we get 3% or better on the office, which brought our blended up into the mid-2s across the almost 800,000 square feet of leasing that we did in the quarter. Really, really pleased with that. 
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, I think we -- our credit reserve, we kept it kind of where it is this quarter. And so we're hopeful that that's something that we can do better on and so forth. Look, it's early in the year, and it's one quarter behind us. Typically, we don't move guidance up even when we beat in a quarter. And so look, we'll look to be -- see how the rest of the year unfolds. And hopefully, we can be up towards that upper end and we'll see how second and third quarter does. 
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, I think we've given guidance on 2024, and I think that we're keeping that kind of constant. I think all the leasing that we're doing is not going to impact anything in 2024, some of the recent leasing. And I think I really -- we need to see how additional leasing gets done and really kind of how the timing of possession, timing of build-out and so forth before we can I think, give any color with regards to 2025. And so more to come on that later in the year. 
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, it is a little bit of a volatile number with the number of new leases that get signed per quarter. Now generally, it's somewhat in line with kind of the last -- maybe not in the last 4 quarters, but certainly the last 6 or 8. I wouldn't read anything into that, except just the general mix. And I don't think that is a trend actually. Our view is that it's probably even coming down more so than heading the other direction. This quarter, notwithstanding. 
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, this was a joint venture that started back in 2015, 2016. It was to redevelop CocoWalk, it was hugely, hugely successful in terms of what we accomplished there in terms of trend forming that asset into what it is today and the returns that we achieve we had mechanisms in the joint venture to buy out our partner where they buy us out. And we bought them out, and we think, a very attractive yield for us.  I think that there's probably a one-off. I don't see additional opportunities. We don't have a lot of joint ventures like that, but we'll be opportunistic when the opportunity arises. And we just felt like it was important for us to take 100% of the ownership of CocoWalk and to be able to operate it and run it and maximize the cash flows that we would achieve without having a partner in there getting fees. 
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. And I think the previous question with regards to comparable alluded to, when we think about it, we have a tough comp in the second quarter of 2023. Second quarter of 2023, we had all of our Bed Bath in possession, rent paying, [ SOFR 1 ] plus, obviously, we had the headwinds. We had really a more optimal balance sheet. We refinanced our debt in the second quarter of last year, $275 million at 2.75%. So some of those headwinds are really what's driving, I think, the more moderate growth year-over-year in the second quarter.  And we're really seeing the acceleration in FFO per share and probably in comparable as well. And -- and I know I'm talking to Linda, I'm addressing [ Samir ] previous question. So we see a greater acceleration in the third and fourth quarters and a little bit of a flatter second quarter because of that more difficult comp. 
Wendy Seher: I mean, we did have a very strong quarter on small shop leasing, and we were able to move the needle, I think, 70 basis points. So very pleased with that with what the team has been able to pull together. It's really broad-based when you look at kind of the deals that we're making for the quarter in the small shops in terms of national, regional and local, the categories that we're seeing, as you may guess, our restaurants in nature, we have full-service restaurants less of the fast food because it's typically not the demographic that we're attracting in some of our centers.  But certainly, [indiscernible] and the specialty restaurants have been very active. Apparel has been active, both in value apparel and in full service and full price apparel and our -- where we also have a tremendous amount of activity is when you talk about health and wellness and you talk about beauty and anything in that wide category is very active today. So a lot of good categories that are really helping us boost the overall sales and production of our small shops. 
Wendy Seher: So I just wanted to kind of add a little bit of color to that. We've always been sort of very strict about how we want to be able to control the property from a merchandising standpoint, from a redevelopment standpoint. So we've always highlighted that with our negotiations in this marketplace now with really demand exceeding supply, we can lean in on that a little bit further in terms of getting some of those controls that we absolutely need. And believe it or not, the discussions that we're having are easier to have with national and regional tenants because they know us. They know how we execute, they know how we invest and how we ultimately improve the property. So all of that is happening kind of concurrently at the same time. 
Wendy Seher: I think I would echo what you just said. The only thing that I will say that I get excited about is when I hear someone say you've got X amount of small shops coming up near term because what we found from a historic standpoint is if we can just get to the real estate, we do better. So, so I think it's a very positive thing that we're getting to it soon. 
Donald Wood: Yes, Dori, the only thing I would add to that and really just to make the point that Wendy made, it's broad-based. As you know, we own all different kinds of open-air shopping centers and really across the board and certainly including the mixed-use stuff, we've had a very strong broad-based demand on shop space. 
Donald Wood: Yes, Michael, this is Don. From my perspective, there is capital pressure from retailers to build out stores, but that's something, frankly, I think we've been talking about for 10 years. I don't see a difference over the past couple of years with respect to that. In fact, frankly, I think we've been pretty successful in limiting capital necessary. So as a result of the industrial space that you're talking about or frankly, other characteristics, the demand-supply characteristics in retail right now are such that, that we've been able to keep capital under control. 
Donald Wood: Yes, you know that Cisco bought Splunk. They -- and I say just closed within a month or 2 ago. And what they're -- they've assumed the lease so immediately, our credit, which I thought was pretty good with Splunk is a whole lot better with Cisco for the remainder term of that lease. They have not given us any indication at all in terms of what's their long-term plans are, other than in their visits of Santana Row, it wouldn't surprise you to know that they love the place. And frankly, have made that comment while they were there touring at their new space. So what happens after 2027, I think, effect is when we're in, we'll remain to be seen. But I view that, that acquisition is a real positive for us. 
Donald Wood: Alex, you asked a very interesting question in there about how we underwrite and what the actual results will be once that underwriting effectively happens, and it's been something that I can tell you, I personally look at very hard because over the past several years, we have very much exceeded the leasing underwriting that we've done in the acquisitions that we've made. And I would expect, frankly, that to happen, that's to continue to happen. There's an inherent conservatism, if you will, in looking at a new property, even within your existing markets, et cetera, that is different once this company gets out there and does what it does. And I do think the combination of our context, frankly, our reputation and our understanding of what it is that we can do with an asset often results in actual results that are above the underwriting. I would expect that to continue to happen. And I'm not sure it's anything about -- specifically about the marketplace today as it is more about the specific shopping center that we would be acquiring and our optimism with respect to what we do with it. 
Donald Wood: Yes, Craig, that's a great question. And the answer is in the middle. No, you should not be thinking about our acquisitions turning into the next Assembly Row or Santana Row or Pike & Rose. Frankly, having those assets are in each of our major markets that we do business in is really important to this company. And each of those assets has a whole bunch more to go and do. Having said that, what we've learned in terms of being able to -- I think we're -- what I call is residential experts, but we're pretty darn good on the residential side and even specifically on specified narrow band of office. I think we're pretty darn good. So when we sit and look at the reason we want a bigger piece of property is yes, to do all those things you said which you're implying are easy and boring, my words, not yours, in terms of improving the merchandising, growing those rents, which is fundamentally critical. I also want a plus to those assets. And the plus to those assets could be incremental residential entitlements. It could be intensified retail plays on other parcels within it that -- the thing I love about this company is all arrows in the quiver. We're not a one-trick pony. So the ability for that lands and that shopping center to be enhanced not only with merchant remerchandising and higher rents, which is critical to it, but with other ways is something we always look at, even if we can't underwrite it on day 1. 
Donald Wood: Ki Bin, let me make sure I've got what you're really asking. I can tell you that, first of all, and I wanted to make this point on the development side of our business, there will be a development cycle again. And so the notion of us not -- while yes, we're turning down the dial on construction starts. Effectively, we are as active and even more active in terms of entitling and in terms of design of future development projects on our existing properties. Now if you're asking existing properties, that means we give up rent, and we do things so that we can entitlement so that we can construct in the future, the answer is very rarely, very rarely do we do that. Now occasionally, we will when we see at an opportunity at an existing shopping center negotiate within a lease, the ability to effectively get out of that lease in exchange for paying back the unamortized CI or something, something like that or the money that we that they would -- I would say, yes. But that happens very rarely. So no, I don't think you should think of us from the development side is giving up money today, if you will, for the future. Wendy is looking at me. 
Donald Wood: And Ki Bin, if I'm not answering your question, we're not answering your question, please give us a follow afterwards. I'd love to be happy to go through it more. 
Donald Wood: And the only thing I would say to you, Mike, on that is the [indiscernible] 3 out of 4 from the Yankees. Congratulations for the first place on May 2. More to come, just like '25. 
Donald Wood: Gosh, Floris, you've got so much there to unpack. I'm going to give you a few things that eloquently you said that, and then I'm going to ask Wendy to jump in here. So the reason I speak eloquently about our ability to lease is it really does come down to in a period of time where everything, Floris, everything, cost 25% to 30% more than it did in 2019.  The notion of when a tenant is underwriting for themselves, their sales and their profitability, they've got to be confident that they can push those higher costs through to the customer base. They're obviously more likely and able to be able to do that in places with more affluence and with effectively the customer base that is willing to pay additionally. That -- all of those dynamics, in fact, what happens in the negotiation of a lease and certainly small shop, but anchor too.  And so when you think about what that does for us, if we had our way, we would hardly -- we would never give an option because an option is one way. An option is for a tenant to say yes or no, not for the landlord. So if we had our way, we wouldn't give any. That's just not practical. So there has to be a balance here, and we do balance with by looking at the credit of the tenant, the desirability of that tenant in the space, how important they are to the merchandising mix of the entire shopping center.  And when we look at all that, that's how we determine what it is on an individual basis, what we're trying to do with terms of the contract that we're getting with them. In nearly all the cases from a small shop perspective, we get very good bumps, 3%, 4%, maybe 2.5%, maybe something a little modified from that, but very good bumps. On the anchor side, as Dan alluded to on his call, are you going to be able to see in this industry broadly defined 3% bumps with anchors generally. No. No. It's not market. It hasn't been market, but the difference is the ability to get 15% after 5 years versus 7.5% is huge when you look at the math, and go through it. We've been able to improve, and that's what Dan was referring to, the anchor leases at a rate that has been -- I've been very happy with relative to what's been able to be done before COVID. So, so I hope that answers most of it. I don't know if there's anything more to add to that, Wendy, but feel free if there's something there. 
Donald Wood: So we'd love to add life sciences to Assembly Row or maybe even Pike & Rose. The math doesn't work today. It just doesn't work today. So the -- you certainly know what's in that industry. You certainly know what's happening in terms of supply in Somerville, Massachusetts, for example, and even here in Montgomery County. So there is some real and that we're sitting with here but whether it is life sciences eventually or whether it's more retail eventually or whether it's more residential or likely. Going forward that land and our ability to move entitlements and get what we need is very strong. So I wouldn't think about life sciences in the near future that way because I think they'll be higher and better use most likely. 
