Don Wood: Yes, Alex, I mean that is the – I mean, that’s the question of the day. The – everything we said, we seem to see. And again, it’s looking at it through our view, which is not a national view. It’s really primarily a postal view, suggests that this – that the recovery of sales, etcetera, are here to stay. I do think there was something very interesting that happened through COVID in terms of people’s realization of how important socials was. It’s really important into how going out to eat and to play at the shop is. So I think a lot of that states. The other thing, and you kind of touched on it early in the first part of the question, I want to address it is the residential side. There is no doubt that places – and again, our residential outlook is only on a few places. But it got hurt as you think about it going into COVID. The way it’s recovering is pretty interesting to me. And we have a really interesting barometer. If you remember at Assembly, pre-COVID, we were opening up a big 500-unit building that we call Montage. And in that building, in the fourth quarter of ‘18, October, November, December of ‘18, before any COVID, that building, we had average rents of $3.35. Ironically, we’re now opening the second building, which is also 500 units, and it’s right next door. It’s called Micelle. It’s leasing up faster than we thought, and it’s leasing up at $3.85 in that fourth quarter, 15% more than pre-COVID at Assembly Row. It’s really interesting. And if you look at the deals that are happening in January and February, it’s not a big sample size because of January and February in Boston, but those are well over $4. So there is something that’s happening here with respect to lifestyle, with respect to shopping, with respect to certainly the office piece in terms of what’s to come there that is really – that really feels to me like an energized pre-COVID time that, to some level, is here to stay.
Don Wood: I can really only respond to our properties in our markets, and I can tell you there has not been a change in any of the retailers’ plans for moving forward because of price.
Don Wood: You bet, Michael. So the first thing you got to remember is that we’ve got forward equity contracts of $250 million.
Don Wood: $260 million that has already been sold, that will be taken down in 2022 at some point. That’s important. Incremental equity in our budget is another $140 million or so on top of that. We’re also looking at selling a couple of assets that probably should think – you should think about another $100 million or so there. So what we’re really certainly trying to do is be very balanced with respect to the capital that we would use – that again, have raised a lot of it already. That’s important. We’re not going to lever up the company. We’re going the other way. And so the notion of new deals and how those deals would be financed, they’ll stand on their own. And we will figure out the best way to finance those depending on what type of assets they are, where we’re going. But with respect to the stuff that’s committed, we’re in really good shape because of the pre-funded equity so far and the couple of dispositions that we would do.
Don Wood: First of all, I fully agree with you, Michael. I fully agree with you, which you have to first really mixture you get is all the capital that has been spent to date that has not – that is not yet producing. And that is automatic FFO growth, automatic property level growth. And it is the single biggest source of growth in the next couple of years after plain old lease-up of a portfolio that is still under lease in terms of where it goes. Those two things are huge. The other thing with respect to acquisitions, and this is where I could not agree with you more. They have got to make a lot of sense. Now I will tell you that there is one that we’re looking at specifically in order to handle a 1033 transaction that we had a couple of years back. So there are – we will step up to be able to do a deal that makes sense overall on an overall tax reform tax perspective. But beyond that, your point is 110% right. I couldn’t agree with you more.
Don Wood: Yes. I can start on that. When, you jump in wherever I screw this up. But the – when we sit and we look at 6%, 8%, 9%, something like that, which is where we expect to be overall, that is – that’s about where we are overall compared to not only ‘19, but what is in place all the way through. When you look specifically to ‘19, and I just did this to get comfortable with it, we are 3%, 4%, 5%-or-so higher than 2019 overall. That doesn’t mean, and I have said this 100 times, that it will always be the case that there aren’t specific deals that will either drag that down or drag that way up. In this particular quarter, I got a – was a good example of it. We had a CDS in line at Barrett’s Road, one of our best shopping center that we could not accommodate a drive-through. They left the shopping center to go across the street for a drive-thru. Those things happen. That was a big rent payer that wouldn’t be able to be replaced without that deal, those rollovers that would have been eight for the company. So, there is always a couple of things like that. They go both ways throughout the company. But overall, you are talking about a level of demand that’s in excess of the supply of our particular product. So overall, you should expect that continued growth in rents. The other thing is, though, you have kind of translate that down to the bottom line. And when you hear big numbers of rollovers, but no growth at the bottom line, you kind of sit there and say, what, because from my perspective, taking – being able to expand that properties that are fully settled as great retail destinations like a Pike & Rose, or like an Assembly, like a Santana Row, to be able to add buildings to expand what you have. My gosh, that’s great risk-adjusted growth. That really needs to be thought through and considered in terms of it. So, both the leasing and the expansion and the PIPs, the property improvement plans, all of that, when that happens, winds up, I think would show you bottom line growth that is consistent and sustainable for a number of years. That’s the name of the game.
Don Wood: First of all, Greg, that’s just good topics between Dan and I. It’s not – we are on the same page in terms of that. Look, I don’t know. It’s been – it’s so well publicized. It’s so well clear that really strong shopping centers today are in the markets that we want to hit or some general. I mean that’s really – when you take a look at the big projects that we have, when you look at what the value of CocoWalk is going to be when you come and see it, when you take a look at what’s being added at Pike & Rose, at Assembly, etcetera. I think you are going to – I think it’s pretty obvious that you are talking about sub-5 across the board in this company. Not at every shopping center, but across the board in store. And so when you look at that, you can do the math. That’s the way you think the NAV should be. But to me, that NAV is critically important. The most important thing about that, that ties obviously into the cap rate. Where is the growth, man, how are you going to grow it and what’s that thing going to be like in a few years because that’s what a buyer is paying for.
Don Wood: Maybe yes, maybe no. That is – that was an administrative change that was, frankly, we found a relatively simply the simple way and inexpensive way to do it or do foundationally to be able to do that, such that so that we weren’t in any disadvantage should the opportunities come up. So, I know it’s not a bad thing in any way you look at it. And to the extent some of the deals we are talking about are looking at can utilize that and give the particular seller more comfort, great. But I couldn’t handicap it with you is that – so yes, that means we will do four deals instead of one deal or that kind of thing. But it’s generally a good thing.
Don Wood: On this particular issue, I have never been so toured in my life about talking more than I should or less than I should on this. I know what I am very comfortable with is that the conversations that are happening are a bit of a horserace right now. And the notion of kind of helping one versus the other, I don’t want to signal anything on that more than to tell you that we are making some good progress. I am not going to put a time on it, and I can’t give a little bit more given the nature of the negotiations at this point. Sorry.
Don Wood: Yes. The answer is yes to all the questions you just asked about it Haendel. I mean look, supply chain is a big deal. And are we able to do stuff about it, you bet we are from the standpoint of certain of the components of it, whether you are talking about HVAC equipment, whether you are talking about some of the provisions in the lease where that tenant will work with us, there are things that we have done and continue to do. And as Wendy loves to say, and boy, you can’t argue with this, is great relationships with tenants means that there is a partnership there in trying to get a store open. And that partnership means there is more likely to have a give and take in that – in the build-out process of where you can find the right equipment to be able to get stuff in. And we have had some real good success getting started with that. Does that mean there is no risk on the supply chain side, the store opening, of course, not. But it tells you differently as you look at them square in the eye because that’s what’s going on in the country right now. But we are all over, and frankly, have been all over for quite some time, floating staffing up there, including helping as best we can with relationships in the cities on the permitting side, which is always the least predictable part of this. So, all hands on making sure that the 3 million square feet of leasing that has been done at this company in the past is able to have its best chance for starting before or on the dates that we have got forecast.
Don Wood: Yes, that’s a great question, Haendel. And that should be a source of positivity for 2022, particularly through the spring season, and so later in the year, a little bit of luck, we will have that big building up at Assembly all these stuff by the end of the year, which would be great, which would be good stuff for 2023. And really, based on what’s going on in Boston right now, that is a real bright spot from a life sciences perspective and a back-to-work perspective and a job creation perspective. That is one of our, if not our strongest markets, which is interesting because it was a market that was hurt the most during COVID.
Don Wood: No, it’s job growth. It’s job growth in Boston. I mean life science is absolutely on fire. It’s returned to work. It’s just a powerful job-creating market, a lot of relocations into the market from other parts of the country. Very impressive.
Dan Guglielmone: It’s Dan. Hi, Katy, how are you? Look, I think that we’ve given a range of 3% to 5% for comparable property. I think that kind of what goes in that is just collections, both prior and prior period as well as kind of going forward current. Also kind of what we do with regards to term fees, which we’ve kind of reduced. Our prior period rents have also been reduced. We’ve given a range. I think you’ll see on Page 33, in our guidance we gave kind of a little bit of a range with regards to G&A expense of $50 million to $54 million. I think it’s a little bit of a sense of the range of development, redevelopment capital that we can put to use. And then also how much equity we raise. We’ve also – how quickly some of the rents can come online at our developments as well as the rest of the year, how we can get things rent started. So I think there is a whole host of those. I think our – we’ve given a range of credit reserve at around 2%, plus or minus 50 basis points. That’s another one. Obviously, that shows up, will be reflected in the 3% to 5% comparable to an extent. But those really, I think, kind of are levers that get us there with regards to that stated range of guidance. Again, it does not include dispositions, does not include acquisitions, does not include any changes in our revenue recognition with regards to cash versus accrual.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. I think that growth – and it’s a range where we are trying to get up into that 92.5% to high-90s range. I think you should just model it pro rata by quarter. I don’t think there is a particular key in terms of where – how that increase will occur on the occupied metric.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. There is no plans for us to switch them back from a cash basis to an accrual basis. There is likely to be some fairly high hurdles for us to do that. And look, even pre-COVID, we had a big chunk. Most of our restaurants on a cash basis to begin with already. So, I wouldn’t anticipate – it’s not as though there is any progress, we need to see kind of repayment of deferrals, you need to see other progress with regards to consistency and payments, and then we will make those decisions. But I wouldn’t anticipate anything in – and that’s why we have nothing in our guidance with regards to making that change from cash to accrual.
Dan Guglielmone: Probably around kind of the mid-teens as a percentage of ABR, just a big chunk of that was restaurants, and then our normal cash base has been tenants of lower rent quality, lower quality tenants at any one point in time.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. No, with sign and not occupied, that – what’s identified and a difference between our leased and occupied is about $23 million. We have also got a big chunk that is effectively about $17 million. That is in our non-comparable or basically currently in our redevelopment pipeline as well as what’s in our current pipeline of kind of 2022 deals that have been signed so far and going forward gets you up into the $50 million-plus of total rent starts potentially. So, we feel good about where we stand, and we see that as a big driver of some upside in over ‘22 and into ‘23.
Dan Guglielmone: Well, keep in mind, I mean, look, we will have strong growth as the developments come online. And I think you can look at our additional disclosure on the big projects to kind of get a sense of that. Keep in mind, though, also there is the offset of capitalized interest going away as we deliver those buildings. We have signed leases there as we deliver those spaces to the tenants. Obviously, we shut off and capitalized interest. So, that’s a bit of an offset. So obviously, that’s what flows down to the bottom line. It’s just not kind of how quickly we grow the NOI on top. Obviously, there is capital associated with some of the redevelopment and expansions that we have got.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. I think that the – we would expect expenses – we have got a good year with regards to real estate taxes and keeping them low this year, so they should have be grow from this level. I would expect that there should be kind of modest, kind of bigger 3% rent expense growth kind of ordinary course from that perspective. And then obviously, just occupancy growing, with collections growing, with the offset of some prior period and lower term fees and so forth, all factor in. And obviously, some of the credit reserve is embedded in there beyond just the collection impact. So, all of those – but with regards to expenses, I would forecast kind of a traditional kind of 3% increase on both OpEx and real estate taxes. And maybe a little bit higher on the OpEx, just got to get inflationary pressure, but that’s all embedded in that 3% to 5%.
Dan Guglielmone: It’s – like I said, our credit reserve is call it, 2%, plus or minus 50 basis points. I think there is a bunch of – traditionally, we are kind of in the 50 basis points of bad debt as a component of that credit reserve. It’s going to be elevated, I would expect, probably going to be at least north of 1%. And that’s what’s – and there is a range that’s reflected in that 3% to 5%. But it will be elevated in ‘22 even above kind of the collection in that.
