Jeff Berkes: Sure Alex. This is Jeff. Thanks a lot for the questions. First off we're very excited about getting going on one Santana West. It's going to be a great building. As John said eight story, it's all concrete which is unique in the valley 13 floor heights, nice big floor plates, great outdoor space, good parking, and you can walk across all in the row right to Santana Row. So, it's going to be really, really cool building very efficient and we're excited to get going on it. As you know the office space at Santana Row has been hugely successful. We leased up 500 and 700 quickly once we started construction. All the rest of the space we have there stays virtually 100% leased. Whenever we lose a tenant, we backfill the space very quickly. So, we're really bullish on the office space in and around Santana. The market is in an interesting place right now. There's still significant job growth in Silicon Valley. The bulk of that job growth as you know is from tech tenants. And obviously most tech tenants are office-using jobs. So, there's a lot of demand. And right now quite frankly there isn't lot of supply. I think the development pipeline under construction right now is six million feet or so in Silicon Valley and 80% of that is pre-leased. And there is not a lot in the pipeline. This will be one of the few buildings that gets delivered in this window and one of the only buildings that has Santana-Row-type amenities to go along with it. And that has really become a requirement for getting office space leased today in the valley. So, I think our timing is very good. Or desire of course is to do a single building user. It's more efficient. Usually end up with quicker lease start -- rent start. So, that's our goal. Once we get the building underway, we'll see how things are going in the market. And if we're not able to achieve that we'll start to break the building later in the construction process. So, I think that covers both parts of your question, but let me know if it doesn't. Thanks again.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. Let me just take onto that a bit, Alex. Wendy and I and our leasing teams are aggressive about getting lease term fees, right? I mean, we could have let Lowe sit in the space of Crow Canyon pay the rent. They were good for the rent. But I want to control that space, and I want to put somebody in that I want in the center. And we're confident that we can replace the rent, so why not go after a big lease term fee. And that plays itself out daily when we're talking to leasing people. It's part of our business plan. And we're aggressive about it. So yeah expect to see more.
Jeff Berkes: Good question Ki Bin. It's Jeff. The 1,750 parking spaces includes a big garage at the back of the side that will support not only one Santana West but two Santana West. So we're building a little bit more parking upfront than we need, because we have to the way the construction works for the second building. The parking ratio in Silicon Valley is driven by the market. And the market is three per thousand. So, when we have both one and two Santana West up, we'll be part of three per thousand.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. We're more in favor of flat floors than ramped -- parking on ramps. That's generally what we execute. And these two buildings just dive a little bit further into the weeds. They will have one per thousand parking below the buildings. So, if you're an Executive and higher up in the company, you can pull right under the building get on one elevator and go directly to your space. That's how we parked 700 Santana Row as well. And then, the other two per thousand are in a structure in the back of the site. So, down the road, I don't know, 20, 30 years from now, 40 years from now, whatever it is. If you don't need more than one per 1000, the parking garage could come down and we could put something on the back of the site that's revenue generating. So we think about things like that and flexibility when we're running out our projects but...
Don Wood: Yes, Alex look it's a new time. And I think this is frankly the new normal in terms of the next few years. And so you don't have nervousness from my perspective in terms of lease termination fees as you know. What this -- the entire mindset here is to get this portfolio and make sure that this portfolio is relevant and consolidating if you will. Being most important retail sites, we think we got the best real estate in 2025. I am not particularly worried 90 days -- for every 90 days I can't be. Because then I'd be nervous worried about this guy or that guy. But the real estate is really good. And so to the extent we've got in any quarter a lease termination fees that are a big number or a small number -- here again we're laughing. We'll go out on a limb for you. The first quarter of 2020 will probably be weak in terms of comparable same-store growth. How about that right? Because it works both ways. This is part of the business. I would expect this to continue not necessarily in the size of the number. It depends on what we've got. We're certainly trying to get the most when there -- the tenant trying a leave and I think the continuation of this should be what you should expect. To me, the point is economically getting a bunch of money from a tenant because of a strong lease that can't be replaced for incremental cash over that period of time. It should be something that's applauded and that's what we're trying to do.
Don Wood: You see nothing more in 2019 nothing in 2020, four coming up in 2021 and then a few each year from there.
Don Wood: Well, the Bed Bath & Beyond store that we lost was relative to our other stores of higher rent payer.
Don Wood: It depends on the quarter Jeremy. You're looking at -- don't extrapolate this over the future in a big way. We did 247,000 feet this quarter and more than double that in the fourth quarter. So first of all, you're talking about a couple of specific deals. And on the couple of specific deals that we did, they are all in the case of reinvesting and repositioning them for the future. So it would be part of not all are in the redevelopment schedule, because the merchandising is not necessarily on our redevelopment schedule. But it's all about getting rid of tenants that we don't think will be around and tenants that and placing them with tenants that we think will be really strong in the 2023, 2024, 2025 time frame. So that's what you're doing there. Again, smaller volumes so bigger impact of just a couple of deals this time. Don't refer there to the math.
Don Wood: Very active. It's our overall perspective of the environment. I mean this -- the last business I ever want to be in is, hey look at me. My rents are the cheapest and I can get another 10% or cheaper rent. I don't want to be in that business. We can't be in that business. We're in the business of consolidating the best properties in the marketplace. And that means, I mean, the last way I want to compete is solely on rent. I don't want to be able to compete on a better place of that tenant to be able to make money. So we go through property by property by property, places we can't figure out how to get that done. It's part of the list that Dan gave you in terms of dispositions. Before luckily, it's not a big part of our company, but there are certainly some and we're working through on that. Any other place Jeremy that we've got an active way to proactively go in and solidify the shopping center for the next five years we're doing. Those opportunities avail themselves along the way as tenants do fail. That's the environment we're in today. That's why you should expect lease termination fees. That's where we are. Take a look at the real estate and figure out whether you believe that real estate is going to be worth more in five years or less in five years. No capital that we're spending that we believe is being flushed down so that the property will be worth less in five years. And that's a fundamental important distinction between this business plans and others.
Don Wood: Well you know Samir, this is -- it's funny. I'm always accused of being the most glass half empty guy in the room and I can't help that. It is about making sure that protecting that downside and setting yourself up for the future. There is no doubt in my mind. And I'm looking over Wendy if I finish this because I want her to jump in out here that that there isn't a property that we are spending capital on in the markets that we're in where we don't have significant demand from tenants. Now the clear notion of just trying to backfill a big box with another big box user is not something we really want to do. We don't really see that as the future. And so that's a generalized comment. It doesn't pertain to any particular tenant, but there will be times. We are clearly trying to create boxes or spaces that work for five and seven years and out. That does mean smaller in a lot of markers that we're doing. It does mean capital in terms of splitting or reconfiguring space that there. The way we look at that Samir is to the extent we believe that that will create a growing stream of income. Again with the cost of our capital in their figures in all the way through for the next five years we're going to do it. So it is a disruptive time. I don't know anybody that I talked to on either the retailer side or on the private developer side that doesn't recognize that this retail leasing environment is one that is harder than it's been in prior cycles or prior times. A lot of what I see kind of has leverage on the side of those retailers who certainly will try to renegotiate everything kind of the Bed Bath example is a good one that we talked about before. But what do you have on the landlord side to battle that. And I don't know anything that's more important than the location and the ability for that tenant to create value to create profit in that space. I will take that all day long over my rent is the cheapest as the way to get somebody in. So that's kind of what we see.
Don Wood: The way we use ICSC, Samir is really to showcase our large developments where we have those big opportunities effectively to do stuff. We will be talking little bit about Sunset. We will be talking about CocoWalk, for example down there in a big way. We will be talking about those shopping centers that we're trying to reposition. So we always kind of, seen it with those big opportunities. And then we have our entire team there and that is all about the blocking and tackling of getting deals done. At that's our focus. That's always our focus underneath the highlighted ones that we like to show and that's where we will be this year. I don't expect that to be different.
Don Wood: Yes. I think most of the term fees are in the comparable pool. There was maybe one small that was maybe $100,000 of it was in the non-comparable pool. And in terms of kind of big picture, look this year is expected to be another year of -- we had $7.7 million in term fees last year. I think we expect this year to have a -- probably a comparable number of term fees. Maybe we'll do more or less. But what's interesting is that as a percentage of the size of the company while this is -- these seem large on a relative basis if you look at it in terms of the size of the company, it's kind of in line with our kind of 10-year and 20-year history in terms of where term fees have been over the last 20 years. The average has been around $4.5 million over the last 10 years kind of in the $5.5 million to $6 million. It's not unusual. We are growing almost $1 billion revenue company. And the term fees represent even with a strong year like we had last year and we expect this year it's still less than 70 basis points to 80 basis points of our revenue base.
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. I think – we still have three quarters left to go. So there's still lot of 2019 to kind of come across. In terms of where we see trajectory of quarter-by-quarter, we'll be below trend in both the second and third quarter is what our expectation is where we'll probably be in the kind of the 1% range for second quarter 1% range for third quarter and we'll above trend in the fourth quarter. And it's just too so even with good start to the year for us to be kind of changing kind of our expectations for the annual metric.
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. Let's do this a couple of ways. First of all, don't expect any further closings from them this year and next year. But that company has brought in a firm to negotiate the real estate deals, which to me is always a – it's just certainly rough on the business plan of the existing team. I'd like to be running real estate when somebody comes in from the outside. So I don't like that. I don't think that's a good thing. Having said that, our leases are strong in the particular place in Huntington, what it affectively does for us in Huntington is a really good thing. I mean that shopping center sits directly next to one of the highest performing malls certainly on the islands and what – Simon just did a beautiful job renovating. That opens up a site for us. There is one or two others. We'd like to effectively get back because the demand we've got for that space, and I don't really want to talk as we are somewhere relatively advanced with somebody there I don't want to mention it right now. But you can imagine, if you've got that size of piece of land adjacent to one of the mall then you're not particularly worried about creating value at that shopping center over the long term. In terms of some of the other places that we have Bed Baths or the gap for that purpose or anybody else who is trying to figure out how they are going to play in the future. It comes down to the real estate. And for us at least losing a tenant of that size while it hurts in a quarter as it certainly did in this quarter for us don't forget how much it un-restricts the real estate going forward which gives us more options than we would otherwise have. Wendy, I don't know if you want to add anything to that? I am sorry go ahead.
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. That's an important point Ki Bin. I mean, it costs more obviously to go on to that building a little bit. It costs more to build a structure, not per se, but it could the way we're laying it out with flat floors to be able to have that flexibility. But the notion of being able to park it solely on the footprint of the building would be a huge advantage. Because if we are able to ultimately take down that garage behind or convert that garage into a moneymaking office building or other use area, it would be hugely beneficial. So, it's smart thinking relative to today with tomorrow on mind.
Dan Guglielmone: That was driven by northeast where basically we did a short-term hunt to kind of fill -- we've already released that space to another tenant at about the same rent, a better merchandising play. So that was the bigger -- the biggest mover, and that's at one of our centers in Philadelphia.
Dan Guglielmone: Absolutely, Christy. You open up new hotel there is a ramp. And in both cases both performing well relative to expectations, but not performing in any meaningful -- contributing any meaningful cash flow. We certainly expect both of those hotels to be contributing meaningful cash flows as we move forward as they mature. We're going to be talking a lot about that not necessarily the hotel per se because it's small, but in terms of the maturation process of these big projects on Thursday. And I think we'll show you some pretty enlightening stuff of what happens over the periods of time that will give you some confidence that that will continue to grow.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, look we got as we like to say multiple arrows in our quiver of low cost funding sources. The A minus rating that we have gives us the lowest cost to capital from a debt perspective. As we're continuing to grow we grow FFO. We grow EBITDA we are creating leverage-neutral debt capacity. So that's clearly the biggest source of incremental capital that we have. We're generating in the range of $75 million to $100 million given the size of our company, free cash flow after dividends and maintenance capital. And I think that the balance between accessing the ATM when our stock is trading at attractive levels like it was this quarter with rates down and balancing that with tax-efficient asset sales where we can redeploy that capital into our business our development and redevelopment is a powerful capability that we have. And we'll continue to have that balanced approach to how we fund our business. But we can fund over the next three years without any need for additional capital just through free cash flow leverage-neutral debt capacity and our asset sale tax-efficient asset sale pool $1 billion plus pipeline over the next three years.
A – Don Wood: Well yeah. Certainly over -- and I think I'd mentioned this in past calls. Certainly over the three years or three-plus years that we've owned the property, I mean everybody knows what's happened in the retail world. Everybody knows what's happened with structural cost associated with it. So it does make it tougher. On the other hand, my goodness this is a good piece of land. It's a great piece of land actually, and getting these entitlements through to really its hard see that if you're not there and don't kind of see it. I don't know how familiar you are with the site to imagine how transformational this will be to an entire local region effectively between Coral Gables and South Miami and even parts of Miami like Coconut Grove. It truly -- I mean what is designed is really pretty cool. We are tweaking it. There is no doubt that we are tweaking it, because we're not looking at the same type of retail mix. We clearly are changing the mix a little bit in terms of what we see between residential and the hotel and the retail. And maybe even a little bit office as we look at it. So, all of that's in play. But as of last week, it is not just a theoretical exercise anymore. It is something, and so therefore we are down and dirty into trying to figure out how we can really change the environment for those South Miami residents and everybody around it. There is a possibility we can get something good down there.
A – Don Wood: Yeah. Mike I'd add to that. I mean there are a couple of things we're looking at now. I mean, there are always a couple of things that we're looking at. But there's a couple that we're looking at, and actually have me interested at the moment. So whether we get over the finish line, or actually get stuff done that way. Look when you're sitting you look at all of the economics between acquisitions and development, redevelopment et cetera. Redevelopment is number one. Development is number two, and acquisition is number three. It's how I would rate it today. But that's a global comment. And within that, there are places where that chronology changes a little bit. So, I wouldn't be surprised if you show us some acquisitions. I don't know whether it will be second half of this year or earlier into next year or whatever. But don't think we're blind to it. We're not.
A – Don Wood: No. There is no question. And I feel like I have been repeating myself a bunch today. So I'm going to work on my articulation a little bit Jeff. But we are all about creating the right merchandising for the future. It's not just about renewing failed concepts or average concepts. If we got better real estate you should be able to create -- to attract new tenants for a new economy for a new consumer set of behavior. And so, it's been actually a goal effectively of ours. And so it doesn't -- that's -- what you said is true and not surprising at all. In fact I think it does show the differences in how we approach creating value in real estate. I don't know what the option exercise answer is in terms of whether we include them or not to Jeff's point.
A – Don Wood: We do not include option exercise. So, I guess that factors in a little bit too but that's the big point Jeff.
A – Don Wood: Just about done, just about done. The Northern Virginia office we're in temporary space now. But we'll be in permanent space in the next couple of months. The other team has moved over there. So from the decentralization of Washington D.C. for example, just about all set up. In terms of New York and Boston completely set up. In terms of the West Coast as you know for a long time completely set up. Our next question will be what are we doing in Miami? And do we want a full-service office there? How do we want to look at that? So that will be one of the things that -- that piece of it is certainly not done. I was very anxious to see what happened down at Sunset. Very anxious in spending some more time in South Florida which we do view as a very attractive market, particularly with some of the tax law changes and the attractiveness of Florida that way as it relates to northeast, so interesting. That's the piece of it that's not done, the rest of it's done and put in place basically.
A – Don Wood: I think it's just going to be kind of timing of anchor box kind of refill and kind of going through some of the churn and some of our anchors over the course of the year, and just tough comps particularly in the third quarter. I mean that will be kind of I think the two of the main drivers of the second and third quarter, but below trend metrics that we expect at this point.
A – Don Wood: With regards to tenant I mean -- look we keep our eye on. I think a lot of us with the same names, a lot of peers are. And one of the things that is -- the peer ones and models of the world where the kind of the first quarter kind of new names to the list in terms of kind of being -- kind of about the forefront. We don't have a lot of exposure there. We have some. We've got five peer ones, represent about 15 basis points of revenue. We've got four models. They represent about 13 or 14 basis points of revenue. So not a lot of exposure, but it is something we do keep an eye on. I don't know Wendy if you got any others that are kind of bubbling up for the top of the list, but -- yes I think it's the same list that a lot of our peers have just generally.
A – Don Wood: Yes. There is no question about it that obviously this period of stagnation if you will in terms of what was going to happen certainly uncertainty at Sunset over the past three years is not exactly what a retailer wants to hear in terms of his or her ability to get re-up. What I love about Sunset is the anchor system. So when you look at a really strong performing AMC there, when you look at couple of the other entertainment uses that company put games on for one when you look at all these fitness and how well they do their and most importantly the parking garage which is incredibly valuable as you can imagine. They are not only for tenants at Sunset Place, but we actually lease out to medical uses that are in the area. We've got a good basis, but the rest of it is very good. And so Craig, you've seen this way on us over the past three years, we're not -- it's not done well enough. There is no question about it. It will continue to deteriorate until we are able to effectively do the new deals and new merchandising that would be part of a plan. So expect continued deterioration in 2019 and probably '20 over 2019 also.
A – Don Wood: Thanks Craig. When it absolutely changes, is the value of the piece of land itself obviously which has already happened.
