Don Wood: Craig, we've got a lot of different property types in a lot of different places, and we don't expect zoning to be an issue. There are clearly certain things that need to be done. For example, at Pike & Rose, we needed to get the county to give up some parking spaces that they get paid on that they were able to do, which I just loved. At most of our shopping centers, that's not a problem, but we do have fire lanes and other reasons things that we need to work through. So what the most important thing, I think, to understand about this is that the evolution of curbside pickup and the integration of it from the landlord's perspective with multiple tenants I really think is something that we are just starting but over the next quarters and years will become such an integral part of what we do that we'll solve the inherent issues that are bound to come up with 100 properties and implementing this along the way. But zoning should not be the primary concern.
Don Wood: Sure. Let me put it to you this way. Every tenant is trying to somehow renegotiate the contract. And all kinds of ideas are coming through what they would what it is that they would like to do. And I this cannot be I cannot state this enough. The beauty of this place is that we do not have a policy on how we're going to handle certain types of tenants. Because of our size, which is relatively small and manageable, we can take a senior executive, whether it's me or Wendy Seher or Jeff Berkes or Jan Sweetnam or Lance Billingsley, there are 10 of us at a senior level that can have each of these conversations with each different business, each different retailer, specifically to come up with the best solution. All kinds of things are being asked, as you can imagine. But at the other side of this, retailers need to be in productive shopping centers. They need to be in places where they're going to be able to make money. We're at the top of those lists. So our negotiating ability, while certainly not perfect, and our contracts, while certainly not perfect, are pretty darn advantageous to be able to allow us to get to an economic solution on the other side of this. Do I expect some percentage rent deals? Of course, I expect some percentage rent deals. But I also expect different conditions under which you operate, including some easing of restrictions that were hard for us to redevelop, for example, along the way. So there's a lot there's a long way to play this stuff all out yet over the next six months or so. We're not rushing. We're going to have one by one conversations to get them right.
Don Wood: Gosh, Greg, you had so much in there. I'm going to go through the first part and see if Melissa and Dan want to add anything to it. I suspect the answer is going to be no. But I could look, I could tell you that May has started out, we're ahead of April. I don't even know why we're ahead of April, but where we were in terms of at this point in April, and that's an important point to make. For the first few days that we've collected more than we did in April at that point. Whether that's sustainable or not, I don't know. Well, obviously, we'll have to see what happens all the way through. And in terms of the I'll make one point on cash versus accrual and the accounting part of this, where my focus is, is really not so much on where yours is in terms of those focuses. Mine is all about how on the other side of this we've got a growth plan with new tenants and different places to get those new tenants, as I laid that out.  And those places those tenants that really have a business plan going forward, I'm not really all that about taking tenants that had a hard time coming in here and doing whatever we can to keep them in the shopping center. I don't think that's necessarily the best way to move forward. And so all the focus here, while the day to day of negotiation is on 2021, 2022 where effectively will not only maintain but expand our leadership position. I don't know, you guys, if you want to add anything to that at all, but I guess.
Don Wood: And Greg, let me jump on the point about what makes us think we can go forward with respect to that because that's a real important one. We have circled about 35 tenants, restaurant tenants, that were incredibly strong that we want to make sure open back up quickly. And when they do, they're such an important part of the shopping center? So we've circled we've actually authorized a $10 million fund that is available for tenants to effectively reopen, only select restaurant tenants that we've designated to effectively go there. That we are in the early stages of that because that's not PPP money that we're talking about. It's not specifically tied to the employees of those restaurants. It's about getting them back open and the working capital necessary to get them back open. We're not going to do that with failing restaurants. We're only doing that with our strong restaurants who've come in but are challenged today financially to be able to get that initial start going back. So it's an important part of what we do in terms of our merchandising of a shopping center and mixed-use property, but it's one that we're highly focused on to make sure we're investing in the best ones.
Don Wood: Yes. Christy, first of all, who knows, right? It's this is really it's really hard to predict where we're going to go other than to say, I believe think about yourself, think how and your team and how comfortable you've gotten with services, the level of services that you've had over the past five or six or seven years. I don't believe that those urban and you're not as urban as some of the folks in your spot, but those urban folks are going to move out to second- and third-tier suburbs. It's just too it's too much of a drop-off in what was available to them. But I do believe in those first-tier suburbs, which where we are, the ability to have it all. I do think there's this is going to be a resurgence for cars and your own personal transportation device as opposed to mass transit for a while and maybe longer in a while. I don't know. We'll see how that plays out, but I think that's critical. The other thing, and I don't know if this if, I don't whether we disclosed this or not, but I find this interesting. In our big 3, the Assembly Row, Pike & Rose and Santana Row, all of whom are in those that first-tier suburban area, right, while we absolutely did not collect a lot of the lifestyle rent on the retail side, overall, we collected 2/3 of the rent due in those properties because of the residential, because of the office component to it. So the notion of those places as kind of centers of jobs, those places the centers of living and the new style for doing, it. I think we're right in the middle of it. Right where we belong. So the specifics to your question, right, we'll have to see. Let's see how it plays out. But at the end of the day, the real estate is sure conducive to where the jobs are, whether they're at home or in the existing place that they're at or and certainly for the retailers to be able to create sales and value there. So I'm feeling pretty good about the position.
Don Wood: Very, very much so. Listen, a lot of people are would say, and I've seen it in some of the notes, "Well, Federal is very proud of their long-term dividend record, and that's why they keep making their payments or that's why they made their payment." That's not true. Well, it is true that we're proud. But the reason the biggest single reason to continue our dividend payment to the extent we can, and as Dan said, we'll evaluate it every three months, and I'll get to your annual question in a minute, is because on the other side of this, down the road, there's going to have to be equity issued. And the ability to effectively look back at 2020 and say, the company was able effectively to maintain that very important part of total return for a shareholder is really important in our view. And so today, as we as we understand where our ability to access capital is, how that is going, and I think, as Dan alluded to, we'll have more to say about that in the next couple of weeks or whatever with additional financing, then we think it's important to, at this point, declare July. We'll absolutely reassess that come August with respect to the next payment. But the difference between simply annual and quarterly in the whole scheme of what is now today $1.4 billion worth of capacity is made sense for us to make an $80 million dividend declaration.
Don Wood: Boy, Alex, first of all, I don't know how to answer that question. I mean they understand that. It is a negotiation. There is there are businesses trying to take advantage of a situation to effectively void a contract. That's on I don't know why anybody would be surprised at that in a time like this. And so you take your legal rights, your contractual rights, you put them up against the viability of the company that you're talking about, your alternatives and where you think you can go and where you're going to be on the other side of this, and you see what you get, what you can get or what you need because, by the way, we want some stuff out of that contract, too. And so the negotiation starts. It's not about explaining to them their legal obligations. They understand their legal obligations. And the default rates default notices that we're sending make that very clear behind it. So yes, I don't know really how much more to add to that, that I could.
Don Wood: Let's put it this way. First of all, we do believe that the residents, in particular in our mixed-use projects, because of the rents are generally and where we are, more affluent and, at least so far, have maintained their jobs more so than rental tenants in kind of a traditional use for an apartment where you're in an apartment because you can't afford a house. We don't generally have those type of tenants in the mixed-use places we have. So generally, I'm not surprised that we're collecting as well as we're collecting throughout those uses. They're there for a reason. They're there because of that amenitized base. And so if most of them have the wherewithal to pay and they've got the amenitized base down below, even though the amenitized base is less essential, if you will, as defined by grocer and drug in April and May, believe me, the stuff that's down there on the retail side of those mixed-use projects is essential on a longer-term basis because that's their life. That includes the right food. That includes the right shopping. That all of those pieces are critical to why they chose to live there in the first place. We're in the first two months of a global shutdown. Making long-term predictions about the collectability overall, whether it's those particular tenants or future tenants, is you can't take April rents to make that decision about going forward there. I feel the mix that we have moving toward urban mixed-use and even our grocery-anchored infill locations are all the trends that were there before will only be solidified on the other side of this pandemic. So that's how I view it.
Don Wood: Yes. That's a good question, Jeremy. It's no, there has been no wholesale rethinking. I mean, effectively, and it does go back to what I was saying before, we if you think about physically where our places are and what advantages we have coming out of the recession based on those locations, then we want to exploit, as best we can, the advantages we see. Those advantages include, obviously, an enhanced level of service. Curbside is a big piece of it. But it will be the way we do curbside going forward that's the real differentiator. Think about how comfortable it is if you live in a community to use your shopping center for all if you could, for all purposes, for all services that you use. Sometimes you feel like strolling, sometimes you got 20 minutes and you got to pick something up and move along and everything in between. So we want to take advantage of our position that way. Certainly, open air versus enclosed, hard to imagine that's not an advantage. And so we want to take advantage of the formats that we have. Now coming out on the other side, to the extent we're looking at new projects, to your point, we will look at it with the best information we have at the time. But as I sit here on May seven or whatever day it is today in the middle of the crisis, I kind of like where we are and how we set this up despite what will clearly be a much tougher environment to produce results for the next quarter or two.
Don Wood: Sure. The first of all, with respect to Hoboken, everything we thought going into Hoboken, we continue to think today. But as you would expect, the deals that were not done yet, we continue to look with our partner for other deals and have made some pretty good progress in moving some deals along. We're not going to close them right now. We're going to sit back. We're going to see how this all plays out. I believe, on the other side, we'll wind up picking that stuff back up, but let's see where we are at that point. So that's -- and that's the Hoboken piece to it. What's the second part of your question? I hate to do it again.
Don Wood: Yes. Property sales in the pipeline. Again, it's yes, I got you. Look, we're just going to take a pause on that right now. Hard to tell where those markets would be. You did see that we did close on Pasadena in the quarter, by the way, and at a sub-5% cap, which says something. But obviously, that deal was negotiated before.
Don Wood: Gosh, Mike, so different, so, so different. I don't know the answer to your question. I really don't know whether it's not the same as the big recession. Obviously, it is a I mean, the globe has been closed down economically. There's I don't think anything that's been like that. And so as things start loosening up, I do think, as I said, we'll be one of the last to effectively have people have those jurisdictions restrictions come off. But I can also I also think it's less about having the restrictions come off and more about the populace getting comfortable and feeling safe in coming back out to the community, and that's going to happen that's already happening in the markets we're in today. I know I come to work every day, and I know that I've seen traffic in the states I'm in, Virginia and Maryland, that has continued to build, as I'm sure most of you have seen, and nothing has changed with respect to the restrictions, specifically, where we are. So as that builds back, the question is, how can we get these businesses back up? And effectively, how soon will the market accept them? I'm optimistic, but I do think we're talking about 2021 where we see some any kind of level of normalcy in activity.
Don Wood: We're going to talk about that, Vince, later in the year. It's a good question. Now, look, remember, everybody is levering up, whether they like it or not. Every retailer, every real estate company, etc.. From our perspective, I love that we came in here so well capitalized so that incremental levering up is not a strain on the business. So we will be able to talk about that and think about that. There may be distressed opportunities going forward. But as with everything, looking at those carefully and really deciding that that's where you're going to allocate your capital rather to kind of what you got, and as you know, we got a lot of stuff in the works and opportunities within the portfolio, personally, that's going to take precedent because we know what is it we're getting, and you never know what you're getting when you go after a distressed asset that way. So too early to say, but certainly something that will be on the radar later in the year.
Don Wood: Look, at the end of the day, there has not been a rent nonpayment of rent so far, and we don't expect there to be, for which we have given up our rights. This is not unilateral. And so we've preserved our rights, either through default or effectively through the contract itself. And so it has to be resolved. It'll either be resolved I mean, the likelihood is that individual negotiations will resolve the vast majority of those contracts. For those companies that, frankly, can't pay because they'll wind up filing. We've seen a bunch already, we'll continue to see that. And the courts will effectively vet that out. Those are the two ways that effectively it happens. And so you should continue to see that through May and June, frankly.
Don Wood: We do. We've got a Regus deal. That is signed down at CocoWalk for 40,000 feet or so. Every indication is that, that deal continues to go through. And then we have a small deal with them also, I think, at Pike & Rose on a floor, and they're under contract there. So that's it's limited, but that's what we got.
Don Wood: That's been in place for years. No, that's been in place for years. It's a small lease. And then the big one is down in CocoWalk that has not that's still under construction being built out. And that's all we got.
Don Wood: No. It's a great question, Chris. That's not a dumb question at all. And the answer is it varies. The single biggest thing you got to think about is most companies, retailers and other companies, have in their credit agreements, in their financing somewhere the covenant that they got to be up and fully paid on their rental obligations. And so what we saw in early April was when we would threaten or go to default, we get paid. Now those same companies are trying to negotiate with their lenders to effectively get relief from that. So that particular provision, to the extent they're successful, will become the ability to default will be less impactful. But the bigger thing, especially for Federal, is on the other side of this. They need us in a lot of these productive locations. And the big R word, the relationship word, can't go one way. And so the notion of being able to work something through to be able to get paid and work has been extremely successful, frankly, in a number of the negotiations that we've got. But defaulting on an obligation, even under this big giant catch-all thing called COVID-19, which generally, you think, "Well, I can do anything I want because the whole world is shut down.” There's another -- there's coming out the other side of this. And coming out the other side is there's got to be business happening. And that stuff is not paying a rental obligation and defaulting somebody and not having that be honored without negotiating it through is a pretty big black eye in terms of a negotiation. A - Wendy Seher It’s one of the things that, it's Wendy, I just wanted to jump in and stress is that while there are certain outliers certainly in the negotiations that we're having day-to-day which are numerous, as Don mentioned, the retailer's want productive locations, they need them, they want to work themselves out of this.  We want to work out of this. So, there is a -- what I found and again there are outliers. There is a balance in the approach that we're seeing in the negotiation. So again everybody's trying to work out of this and gain production and I'm seeing that in our day-to-day conversations. The other thing that I want to point out, one more thing is what we're learning about the retailers has been beneficial to us because we're all in a time that we haven't been in before. So, we're learning things about the retailer. They're sharing more than they would share before and it's helping us as we think about how we want to move forward with our business plans. Q - Chris Lucas Thank you, for that.
Don Wood: Yes. We could probably take it offline, Linda. I don't think we've got that sliced and diced in that way with regards to just our the lower quality I mean, the kind of the lower collection peers. I mean if you look at page three on our portfolio composition and our COVID business update, that gives you kind of the overall portfolio, but we don't have it necessarily carved up. So let's follow up offline.
Don Wood: Yes. I just think it's different by jurisdiction by jurisdiction. It's just too early to tell kind of how that top line is going to come out of it. I think it's too we'll see.
Don Wood: I just got some good news here. Half of our restaurants have received PPP loans. But what we see in our what we're doing, it's a different purpose. First of all, they are loans, not grants, under our program. And what they're about the PPP money is in order for it to be forgiven, has to be used largely for retaining employees. In our jurisdictions, they're not open yet. And so one of the things we saw as a problem with the way PPP was working was a timing issue. The difference between when that money would be available, what it could be used for versus what we're trying to do is pick our best players not it's not available to everybody, just our best players, and effectively make sure that we can shorten the time by giving them loaning them those proceeds for equipment start-up, restocking, inventories, things like that, so that they can get open sooner. So it's a very different purpose, and obviously, it's very limited relative, obviously, to the PPP program.
Don Wood: Still early to tell, but we've got about 11. We've got five J. Crews and six Madewells. When I look down the list, they are all productive places. And so I would expect I don't know for sure yet, but I would expect J. Crew to want to restructure those deals and not reject those deals, which really makes them just like everybody else out there who's entering the negotiation phase. So I don't know. But when you look at where ours are, we've got both a Madewell and a J. Crew at The Grove in Shrewsbury at Barracks Road in Charlottesville and Third Street Promenade, and then another at Santana, another at The Point. These are they're at really good locations. And so in terms of being able to either cut a deal with them or backfill them, I feel pretty darn good. They're in our best places.
Don Wood: No, no. I mean, of course, I don't feel comfortable about anything. We're in the middle of a pandemic here for Pete's sake. And so we've got tenants that haven't paid, and we're working through the negotiations. So no, look, I can't on the call go through the top 25, one through 25 with you. Dan can do that with you separately. But at the end of the day, I got to look at the real estate, and I feel pretty darn good about the real estate. I hope that helps.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. No, look, it's a moving target with regards to kind of what we see as collectability from our tenants, and we'll make assessments as we move forward. So there's not much we can add there, except to concur with what Don highlighted.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. No, look, there was a differentiation between what was collected with regards to we had quick service we have essentially 27%. Don mentioned a 1/ 4, about 27% total in restaurants. Roughly 37% would be QSRs and the fast food, and then less than 20% from full service.
Dan Guglielmone: Like everything else, I think you'll see a slow comeback to "normalcy". But I do what those safety protocols are right now are specific distancing, specific rules with respect to cleanliness and masks and how many people can be working in a particular area. I do think that will for the projects that are closed down, as they come back up, I do believe those protocols will be in place. Whether they're in place forever or not remains to be seen. But it's stuff like that, which is, frankly, the same protocols that you see in a grocery store or anywhere else during the crisis, a lot of consistency.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. I think the way to think about that, the way we think about that is balance, and clearly, kind of maintaining balance through that. And look, while we're not raising equity at the stock level, we have the ability to kind of tap our assets and raise equity at the asset level very cost effectively, particularly even in this environment. So I think there's going to be balance from that perspective. And look, we do hope to be able to play a little offense, but we'll see and we'll know more as things unfold.
Dan Guglielmone: Interesting. Yes, our credit facility has a 2024 maturity. We have the right to extend it to 2025. So it's actually pretty well out there, and it's actually very, very attractively priced. So we have maximum flexibility there. Clearly, we are going to avail ourselves as an A-, A3-rated company. You've seen a lot of access a lot of peer companies in that credit rating access the market on a relative basis very, very attractively. We'll monitor the market and look to be opportunistic and nimble, kind of in, I think, the same range that you've seen Realty Income, Boston Properties, some of the other blue chip A-rated companies access the market and do it at the in an opportunistic way. So clearly, that's something that I think you've seen some data points out there, and we would expect to kind of be in that in and around that range.
Dan Guglielmone: Just looking through reams of data to see if we carved that up with respect to some of that specificity.
Dan Guglielmone: Linda, it depends in Life Time Fitness is a good example of a company that paid their obligations. We don't have any Life Time Fitness, but they paid their obligations in April. They're very optimistic about where they're going to come out on the other side. When I look at fitness, I think it's a critically important category in the type of shopping centers and mixed-use properties that we have. Do I think that people are getting used to exercising at home? Will that stay there? I'm a big social guy, so I very much believe in the re-socialization, if you will, and the importance of health clubs. Now when they open up, obviously, they're going to open up with restrictions in terms of the capacities and the number of people that can be in there and the space between them. How that plays out over time? I don't know. Is there a place for fitness in the long-term future? Absolutely, from my perspective. Your next question is from the line of Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. No, I understand your question. And these are completely separate. So I don't have an answer to the applications, I don't think we do, of how many of our restaurants have applied or received.
