Jeff Berkes: Hey, Jeff. Those are all good questions and clearly stuff we have been thinking about for a long time. I think I mentioned this on our prior call, Valley Fair at Westfield, they've had those entitlement since pre-recession so this is something that has been out there for a while and we think ultimately going to come to bear over the next few years. And from our perspective, we are doing what we can do which is being very aggressive about merchandising the Street, making Santana a great place to come, the addition of the Splunk building with 670 more parking spaces, redoing some of the common areas, all that kind of stuff here. And then thinking about the other parcels we have left to develop and how those are going to get developed out, all of that is being rolled into our thinking. And maintaining Santana's uniqueness in the marketplace is a great place to come and spend time and meet friends and eat out and shop and live and work and all that kind of stuff. And so far everything has gone very, very well. We do expect some headwinds of course when Valley Fair starts the expansion. That is going to be a little bit of a dogfight for a few years but long-term, we are not concerned about it. As it relates to City Place, I don't know, there is still a lot to be written on that development. I would never bet against Related but they've got a long ways to go there and geographically it is a little bit difficult to figure out how that intercepts a lot of our primary shopping traffic so more space in the market always affects everybody and they are putting a lot of space into the market but again long-term we are not overly concerned about that. Stanford is a huge benefit.
Jeff Berkes: Jeff, you know Santana pretty well and you know since they opened 14 years ago that the mix of the tenancy here has changed and a lot of the luxury has shifted out already and that happened a long, long time ago and really didn't affect us here at all in terms of our shopper traffic and sales of the property. So the high-end going across the street to Valley Fair and continuing to do so, I don't think matters. Our whole strategy with Santana Row as it relates to not only the experience we provide people that come here to shop, but also tenants who say look, if it is your 400th store, you should probably be at Valley fair. If it is your 10th, 20th or 50th store, you are very sensitive about the image you project to your customer base, Santana is where you should be and we have been very successful over the last few years bringing in some really great merchants like Kate Spade and Made Well and Bonobos and WarbyParker and the list goes on and on and that is continuing to happen in spite of the fact that everybody knows that the Valley Fair expansion is going to happen. So, like I said and like Don said in his comments, our heads are down and we are doing what we need to do on a day to day basis to continue to maintain our position in the marketplace.
Jeff Berkes: I mean all the communities up and down the peninsula are considering that right now and if it is not on the ballot in November, it has already happened or it is going to happen, right? I mean the cost of housing here is a big issue and everybody knows that. San Jose has had rent control for a very long time and they recently tweaked some of the rules around how that rent control works. That primarily affects owners of much, much older product than we have and even when you work through it, rent control in and of itself is in my mind not a good thing. But it doesn't really have the adverse impact in a normal market. So yes, I think you are going to continue to see that and how the rubber meets the road is still TBD, but generally speaking most rent control laws are dealing with much older product.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. I think things have gotten a little bit more expensive over the last three to six months. So cap rates I think and IRRs are a little bit lower than they were three to six months ago. So we continue to see in the markets where we do business particularly out here in California, cap rates being in the 4 range and unusually the low 4 range and IRRs with an aggressive exit cap rate assumption in the 5s and low to mid 5s and I think that is somewhat consistent depending on the market and the asset over the last year, or so but I think things have strengthened in the last half a year.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, sure, Alex. I think the Bay Area gets painted with a broad brush which I think everybody understands and probably expects, but I think things are a little bit different maybe in San Francisco than they are in Silicon Valley right now particularly on the apartment side where there is a lot of product coming online in San Francisco. And when you think about what it costs to build a condo or an apartment in San Francisco, you've got to get a pretty high sales price or pretty high rent so most of the stuff that is coming online is targeting the same customer. And there is definitely some softness up there from what we have seen and heard both in condo sales prices and in apartment rents and concessions creeping back into the market. Down in the Valley, I think it is probably a little bit different. I mean like Don said in his comments, we are doing better on our rental increases at our apartments here and Santana Row than we expected to be doing this time of the year, this part of the cycle. And I think that goes to a couple of things of course. One is supply; there is a little bit of a supply lull at the moment. We will see how long that continues but also job growth and I think that is different between San Francisco and the Valley as well. Things might be a little bit more choppy in San Francisco as it relates to that, down here in Silicon Valley, they are very, very healthy. We look at job growth closely and we are still seeing not only a lot of jobs being added, but a big queue of unfilled jobs at most of the major employers. You are at sub-frictional unemployment rates right now in both San Francisco and Silicon Valley and there is a lot of competition still from the big firms to hire the right people and the big firms here are still very, very profitable and they have a ton of cash on their balance sheets and they are growing. And while that may not be at the same pace that it was a year or so ago, it is still extremely strong from a historical perspective. So we are really bullish on Silicon Valley right now, always cautious as you know but very bullish and I think what you are hearing is more broad brush effect than what we are seeing in our product.
Jeff Berkes: The only thing that I would just add is how really thrilled we are with our partner, Trader Joe's, that they are coming in with construction we have going on and all of the residential being added. It is a great co-tenant for those residents and there is already excitement and benefit that we are seeing.
Jeff Berkes: Out here on the West Coast, we have got two, a small format store in Crow Canyon which we have back and like Chris said, we have got multiple interest from retailers on that as well and the rent will be higher than the rent that Sports Authority was paying. And then at East Bay Bridge, Dick's acquired the designation rights to that lease so we don't know exactly how that is going to turn out, but I will tell you the lease rent is a low double-digit rent and we have interest from multiple tenants to take that should we get it back. But we don't control that at this point.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. It relates primarily to some of our second floor spaces and our multi-story buildings. A good example would be 301 Arizona which a couple of years ago we had a two-story retailer and we found some upside in the building by converting the upper levels of the retail space to office, reducing the size of the retail space and making it ground floor only and therefore getting a lot more rent for it. So we have a couple of other buildings that fit into that general configuration that still have two-story tenants or two floors of retail in them as they come back to us we will think through that as well.
Don Wood: Surely. So the recent lease up is the Restoration Hardware deal that is taking long vacant space for what will be a short-term deal for them. It may turn out to be a long-term deal but a short-term deal and they simply looked at the location of the real estate and said we don't know what you guys are going to do long-term, but this is a place that we need to be right now and we think we can do a lot of business out of there. So that is what that was about. I want to talk about in terms of longer-term and basically here is the situation. As you know this is a dysfunctional property that has not been good for a long time. What we are doing right now, the dawn side of our business, the operating side of the business is doing everything again it can to keep it moving, to do new deals like that and to keep it in place. The development side of our business is saying this needs to be fixed. It will be fixed if we can get the entitlement to do so in two stages. One will be part of that property that is the best functioning part of the property today needs to be fixed up. There will be effectively a renovation to create a good shopping center there. The second part of the property will in order to do what the real estate needs, need to go vertical. We will need entitlement changes to do that. The question will be do we do the first part without the entitlement for the second part? That we are not sure about yet. In fact we are leaning toward no until we know that we can get the entitlements to make the whole thing make sense. That is why I have been less forthcoming with respect to our plans. We know what we're trying to get to but it really is going to depend upon the ability to get the entitlements to do so and that should happen over the next year and we will have an economic plan before that time to the extent we get them.
Don Wood: A little bit. We have come down a little bit in terms of what we want. We are willing to be more aggressive on acquisitions for the right property and a lot of that frankly is around where we are able to do 30-year money. That has changed things for us. The ability to do that not everybody can do 30-year because I do believe you've got to match the left side with the right side and I don't think 10 years is long enough frankly. So that has helped us an awful lot in thinking that through. But I have to say it is not about can you do acquisitions or not do acquisitions in my view. It is about where do you allocate capital and how do you allocate capital? As you know and Melissa just said, who has got $0.25 billion to spend in the balance of this year on development projects that are expected to yield 300 basis points plus over what we are borrowing at? So when you think about capital allocation it is not so much about is there an acquisition to do, it is about is there a way to grow. I mean any public REIT has to continue to grow. We just feel fortunate that we have the development opportunities to be able to do that and there certainly will be an occasional acquisition and we will certainly stretch to step up to what we need to step up to do for that occasional acquisition but I stress occasional.
Don Wood: Alex, let me say something about Santana Row a little bit and Donnelly asked about it before and I want to get this thought out of my head. The reality is similar to what we have seen on the East Coast, there is the supply that is around, the pickling on the office side is not necessarily what employers are looking for. So you see vacancies, you see "softness" in product that is in some respects not leasable and what has happened at Santana, while there is no question in my mind that we will be under pressure in terms of the rents that we will get on retail because of the Valley Fair expansion -- because of any kind of expansion when you add that much space over the next few years, the place itself is so solidified and is so good at what it is that we do benefit big time on both the residential and on the office. Now at the end of that street we are going to have to finish out one of these days and we are working through an office plan for the end of that street with retail on the ground floor and we are obviously boosted by the success that we have had with respect to Splunk. Now I'm not ready to announce that or to talk about that but given the environment, and all the comments you just heard from Jeff, we are going to have, there is going to be support around here to add incremental office and retail space to -- a small amount of retail, restaurant primarily -- space to Santana Row that captures what it is that we have done. And I think that type of environment, that aminity base, that place that we have created will serve us real well on the office and continue on the residential side. We got to get specific on the questions you are analyzing.
Don Wood: Listen, what you just said, Alex, is exactly right. Where we look at the future is very much determined by what we have done in the past, and now we have an awful lot of flexibility. So with respect to the particular loan that you are talking about at Plaza El Segundo, there is a requirement in our partnership agreement that we have some level of debt on that asset. And that particular loan is not prepayable until three months --.
Don Wood: May of next year. So the likelihood is we will wait until May to effectively do something there. And again, we will wind up putting probably some level of debt back on that property on a secured basis because we need to give tax protection to our partners. In almost any scenario we see, it will be a benefit. It will be cheaper than the debt that is there.
Don Wood: Well, I don't know, Christy, that we are being more proactive. We are certainly being proactive. You may be seeing parts of that in the next few months and I will talk about that when I can. But again, I really need you to understand on the capital allocation side what we are putting to work in development and it is aggressive. I mean we are aggressively putting money to work in a way that is far more value creative than with any acquisition no matter what is available on the marketplace today. So it is not only, I only want to use this great cost of capital not to create one or two years worth of FFO, but to add value and right now it is pretty darn clear that the development alternatives over the acquisition alternatives are a slam dunk. Now if we didn't have these development alternatives, you would see whole -- we got to grow, right, you got to keep going. That is the deal but we do and we do for years to come so that is really all I can say about that at this point.
Don Wood: You know what it really is, Christy? It is our general sandbagging. It is the general reality that we wind up in running this portfolio with good things happening that we could not predict, that is what's happened. So we don't take every negative thing and reduce guidance for it and consider the base at this property -- the base of this real estate allows us to have things happen that are not predictable, whether that is a lease termination fee, whether that is collections. In the second quarter, we were incredibly successful with collections of some old stuff and that is -- nothing happened by itself. That happened with very aggressive running, but not something that we could have predicted. So that is when I say sandbagging, that is what I mean, it is not intentional sandbagging, it is a benefit of a great portfolio that good things happen. So I mean we are conservative people, we do the best we can to make sure we are not surprising you guys to the negative but things happen in this portfolio so we didn't take it all the way down.
Don Wood: We have not filed them yet. We are working through the strategy with the government officials down there on what the right timing would be to file that and there are some things going on, but I would anticipate over the next 30 to 60 days we are going to be in a position to file.
Don Wood: Yes. We do have control of the box. I don't want to give you the names of the tenants that we are talking to because we are having them compete with one another and trying to create the best deal, Jeremy. You understand that. But I will say if you take a look at the merchandising in that shopping center, particularly with the Trader Joe's announcement that they are coming in and the success of the Row, the [indiscernible] Plaza adjacent to it, I mean that is pretty much ground zero for boxes. So we would very much anticipate competition for space for that box.
Don Wood: Absolutely. And it is a balance and you know, we will do, we will try to do about $50 million a quarter on the ATM for the next two quarters through the balance of the year. We have done a little bit more than 100 -- we have done $92 million in the first half of the year off of the ATM and as you know we did an overnight that way. So it is a balance. We are not trying specifically to delever. We are trying as you know to wind up -- we are working a 10-year business plan here where we are trying to double the earnings of the company from a few years ago. And in doing that, we said we'd do that and we are trying hard to do that on a leverage neutral basis. So that means when we lay out these development opportunities, when we consider new development opportunities or new acquisition opportunities, that does, we look opportunistically at both markets and we are accessing both markets. You will never find us going wholly one way or wholly another way. The beauty of this business plan is it's a balance.
Don Wood: We have got money going out in a big way to produce development returns. We are trying to do that in a way that results in 6%, 7%, 8% FFO per share growth a year, that is one component of the plan and you are right, does that matter for equity over debt? No. But we firmly believe that in not overly diluting shareholders in any one period of time to balance that with cost of debt that it 30 years is pretty close to equity frankly -- in balance that that makes sense. Does that mean that we couldn't do more equity? No, it doesn't mean we couldn't but we don't think we need to because all of these markets have been pretty even in terms of their value to us.
Don Wood: Let me add one thing to the bigger picture if I can on the vacancies in the boxes that we have. As you know we work hard to get vacancies from A&P and Sports Authority is giving us vacancies that we didn't necessarily count on, but we got them anyway along with LA Fitness and some of the other stuff we talked about in the past. You should know that since we started talking about that we have done five key deals, Uncle Giuseppe's at Melville, Field & Stream at Melville, Sachs Off Fifth at Congressional, Trader Joe's at Assembly, LA Fitness at Delmar. That is 200,000 square feet of deals where the old rent was about $18 a foot and the new rent is about $27. So the notion of what it is that we are doing -- does that guarantee that the remaining ones are going to be like that? Of course, not. But it does say that this idea of creating better shopping centers for the next 10 years is what our focus is and demand on the East Coast and then Jeff will got on the two on the West Coast, you will see that this real estate will not have a problem releasing and really changing completely the shopping centers that they are in that those Sports Authorities are in, particularly Brick.
Don Wood: No, we really haven't. It has been from the last quarter to this quarter consistent including pace. Pace has been consistently good and the rents have been. I frankly have been looking for more, I've been look for a change in the Spiderman characteristics of the rent to be able to allow us to push rents and we have not seen that and also it has been consistent with what I've been talking about.
Don Wood: It is really 18 months. We will be sitting there in 2018. The first tenants and this is the way the stuff kind of works, REI will be the first tenant in the next phase open and that will be open by the middle of next year. Then the numbers kind of follow after that, Pinstripes follows after that, those are in a smaller building. But the bigger building particularly the Tower that has condos on top, a hotel in the middle, retail on the ground floor and the adjacent building on the other side, we are going to be in 2018 as that is being turned over. So it is really that period of time, Jason. When those two things are done, you will see, you will feel what we are talking about. If I could get you onto the parking garage today at Pike & Rose and look out over it, you would get this completely. You would see exactly what I'm talking about. So really it is like anybody who is going to be on the East Coast anytime over the next 30, 60, 90 days, I would be happy to walk up there with you.
Don Wood: No, that is right. If it is not a piece of paper that was an executed deal, it is not in the numbers.
Don Wood: Got you, Craig. Let me give you my point of view and Chris is going to jump in as soon as I am finished. There is no doubt and I agree with the basic concept with experiential tenants particularly that first of all, you know as soon as they open whether there is something that resonates or doesn't and Legoland resonated in a big way. The challenge then is to say okay, is that the level of business that they are going to maintain throughout their lease life? You can't assume it is. It is not like a restaurant -- at least we have found and it is not just Legoland, this kind of notion, it is not like a restaurant that gains in popularity all the way through and it is a lot of small visits that continue to happen. The question is does it settle into a place because of its big draw from a large area where it is always something that people continue to go to once a month. At first they will go a lot and then over time they go less. What we see there is first of all, is like a huge opening and that was so validating to the property that it was critical and they have settled and they have settled down a number from the beginning in a place though that still works really, really well. Now what will be interesting to see is from this point, do they grow slowly like other retailers from here? Do they reprogram the space with different attractions and things like that? How does that work out? That is what we expect to happen but the level that they are doing today is pretty darn impressive albeit not what it was when it opened up.
Don Wood: Not only that, Mike, but because we are a landlord on the street but we don't own it all, we are always looking for adjacencies. So to the extent the primary reason it is on that schedule is for the second floor things that we got to do stuff with. But taking that and moving it across to an adjacent building is why we maintain and try to build on great relationships with those owners and those are the other possibilities that we try to go for.
Don Wood: We are not selling those assets to the person previously looking at that responsibility by the way. You know, I can tell you this, I can tell you that Jeff Mooallem has taken over for Jim on the responsibility for the Chicago properties as a part of that division of the company. That Jeff Mooallem, I shouldn't speak for him but I'm going to -- is more bullish on opportunities in that marketplace and at those particular assets than necessarily we were thinking previously. And so he is going to get some time to do what the previous guy in charge in coming up with a [indiscernible] wasn't able to do. So you're going to have to keep asking it every three months and that is fair.
Don Wood: I think I got you, you are coming in and out so excuse me if I haven't fully gotten your question. But I think what you are saying is if we don't see any improvement or further deterioration are our future yields at risk? And the answer is sure, they are. Now where we are today and this is what is interesting to me frankly. We have absolutely even with the construction zone validated that this type of living is what people are willing to pay more for in terms of the marketplace. So we continue, we have gotten -- continue to get premiums to the marketplace for Pike & Rose apartments. The next phase will add more Pike & Rose apartments and in fact we still have more to do in Palace this way. There will be a change in the supply and demand dynamics in addition to a project that is getting a whole lot more as we talked about before stable in terms of what it is going to be. But to the extent it continues to soften yes, there will be pressure on the yield. That is just a matter of fact the way it is.
