Jeff Berkes: As you know from being out there that we have a sectional pass out, again they call the collection which is about 50,000 square feet of lifestyle, it does very, very well. So thinking about the merchandizing strategy for the point we wanted to build on that success and continue to fill on unmet need for additional Lifestyle retail in that trade area, which we’ve done and we’re doing. We have 25,000 square feet of restaurants space at the point with you that whole market is really underserved for better dining options and also for a collection of restaurants, meeting at some place kind of like Santana Row or you can come and park the car and meet your friends and figure out where you’re going to once you get there, pretty much every other restaurant opportunity in that market is what I will call point and suite in your car, you go to the restaurant, again your car and you leave. So that was a real unmet need in the trade area and I think we’ve done a nice job of filling that. In terms of the connectivity, yes, the rail road tracks are never going away, but we’ve got a couple ideas we are working on with the city of El Segundo right now to make the connectivity better and I think we’ll achieve those find years and work through everything with the city in the next few months and the connection between the collection in particular in the point more improved. Its not super pedestrian front but right now, but really it’s only a two or three minute walk from the front of the collection to the main it’s a boulevard enter point at the point. So it’s really not that bad but we can improve it.
Jeff Berkes: The only thing I’d add to what Don and Jim have said is when we are doing a partnership deal for tax reasons for the contributor in the case of boundary or otherwise in the case of something like Plaza El Segundo. The people are staying and really don’t have day-to-day operational say and what goes on. So whether might be a little bit more reporting and little bit more communication here or there. It’s not like we have to get approval to do, we need to do around the property.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, Jim I [indiscernible] absolutely more people willing to talk and more people thinking about selling, but it’s a pricing market.
Jeff Berkes: I’ll tell you where I going that Alex, that is the benefit of a local partner. It is yes, all of these have effectively been sourced through that local partner. That local partner was somewhere along the way on each of those deals and back of the question from before that’s – that is the one of the benefits, that offsets the more complexity and everything else so it’s there with it. So I think and again, we’ll be able to talk about it more when we in a few weeks when do you see the second half. But these are marketing assets that are not necessarily marketed to the full extent and there is no question that having that local knowledge allows us to look at things with a more refined eye. So that in that case is the reason for that.
Don Wood: I mean having said that, Christy, one thing I want to mention is, we argue about that and one of the things we argue about is, whether its necessary. And so, with any new project, we are learning, we will be learning a lot over the next few months. And I’m personally not convinced that, it’s necessary to connect them at all. But we’ll see other works out [indiscernible] as we do have some alternatives to do that if we need to.
Don Wood: It’s not been guidance at all, and I’m not going to specifically going into the asset, I will tell you this, we made a bet on South Miami. Basically as we thought about it Christy, the idea of, South American money, everything that’s going on downtown, there is a lot of players that are trying to capture all that and then we think that will be successful. We didn’t compete with that. This was an idea to say wait a minute. There is Miami is how has been clearly becoming more and more of a grown up city, more and more an important city worldwide, and its got a lot of people like, all those markets that were in, who live there, who do well living there and they need their place for those families and their lives. That’s what we’re doing, and still going to grow that’s what we are doing in that whole area that’s why we are making the incremental investment in total. So I’m looking at CocoWalk, the Street Retail, this other asset which will be able to talk about and then fully in just a few weeks, certainly on next earnings call, to get an idea of the entire bet that were making, all of each of those assets is not expected to stay what they are, because they only work and so as figuring out, what kind of redevelopment plan, how we put that together, we will take time. I’m looking forward to that, and the difference with us, and I love, is that in the meantime, why we figured out, we are making accretive acquisitions. So it’s more raw material in the – for the future of our business plan.
Don Wood: Yes, Jason no question about it, all the balance – let me start by this, I am sure Jim will have and Jeff will have some to say that as you know every deal that we make is not part of a formula. Every deal that we make is part of a specific real estate transaction, where we think we can create the best value. We are talking here about South Miami, which is the most reasonable we can talk through here. There was no question that having a local partner, who truly knows better than we do. The specific ins and outs from dynamics of the marketplace, the leasing person who is involved with that partnership is the best in the marketplace. So we are getting additional expertise there in that particular case, we thought was real important to the whole risk award balance. Now clearly, by doing that we’ve got another seat at the table, clearly by doing that partnerships had complexity. On balance that one for us with the specific way that we want it to go and attack South Miami. As you go back a little bit, you look at Plaza El Segundo it was about shaking it out a little bit, it was about creating how we were going to get control of it.
Don Wood: Yes, I’m hopeful it increases our capacity to do all sort of different steps. You know in the case of South Miami, those partners do have very good development expertise and local development expertise. So that’s important, now, how much more capacity over weighted, what we are doing down, I don’t. What we’re talking about is pretty aggressive. When you sit here think about – bringing in Jeff Mooallem or when you think about effectively dividing up the portfolio the way we have. We clearly are – the notion here is to bring in high level real estate talent. That so that we can get to, more of what is a pretty strong growing company. So the answer is yes here – to your questions. It’s all partly – parts are look how we’re moving it forward as a period of time that everybody whether it’s a partner or a federal employee needs to understand what’s going on around here and how to figure out, how to create that value. But I’m very cautious on bringing in that kind of raw skills level and we confident we’ll get there.
Don Wood: Hey, let me add one thing to that, I don’t remember, I don’t remember I should whether you were at assembly at our Investor Day two years ago.
Don Wood: That the amount of thought and strategy and looking at opportunity to figure out whether we could make the comment that we could double our NOI in ten years and what it would take to do that, that wasn’t just an investor presentation. There was a lot of work that went behind that and we are now two years into the ten and we are right on it and it certainly looks like at least for year three that we’ll continue to that. And I don’t – I would hope that you would see that all the way through. That all includes the number that Jim just talked to you about in terms of $150 million, $200 million a year it does include additional ideas about acquisitions like what we are talking about here in Miami. So if you kind of go back and look at that and I know that’s online, right. We’ve got that on website.
Don Wood: To be able to see that’s how we’re trying to run the company. It’s really on a secret. It’s really something that we are as best we can try and to run the company on. And yes, there are more specifics as specific phases and pieces get added on, but it gives a pretty good overall idea of what everybody Weilminster, and Berkes, and Taylor, and that would allow all of us are on. And I don’t know that’s all I would say, just look at that, because there is a lot of good data in that.
Don Wood: My teams are excited because there is a big three or four deals that are real good deals in the works that we’re moving along, because it helps themselves put that in the comment. So that’s usually were it comes down to us. There is – it is our efforts on how go get at under market or underperforming tendency and make it better. And there’s a few of things in the works that are good.
Don Wood: Thank you. I mean it’s the small number compared to what is going be. I’m there is big leg between as you know, cash out even delivery and make them generations for board.
Don Wood: We’re not providing guidance there, what I have that is look George and this is important, we continue to invest in the long-term, we’re delivering developments like these Building 10 at Pike & Rose which initially drag NOI. So again as we look forward we feel very confident about our plan to continue to generate 7% to 9%.
Don Wood: Completely opportunistic in terms of when it was. And we wished we owned it all along it’s a vacant building on the hard corner of an important asset for us. So it’s certainly something that we should own, it was not for sale. And when that opportunity came we jump on, we don’t play anymore.
Don Wood: Yes, Chris, that is such an important. When you know that is not a GAAP measure as you know and therefore there is a lot of interpretation as to what – what same-store numbers means. So I just – I’m really glad you said that because it is virtually all of our analog, lot of our analog.
Don Wood: Not so far. Although I mean we are always looking at – innovative marketing ways. We’ve got some full things that happen. But with respect to concessions, there are some that are market or less than market frankly so far. I hope that holds up, will see at the big building in an 18 process in order to get there. But the start at least has been – has been strong.
Don Wood: There is, thank you. You know we expect to another $70 million to $100 million for the balance of the year.
Don Wood: Well, Steve, but I will tell you, its not like with what we’ve done so far, plus what we are planning in the next few weeks is in planning in terms of critical math and that really is that always the first thing can you get critical math that to actually impact a market, its really hard to do. We – it’s not a good job of that, so this is a really good start in terms of landlord its not the first inning I mean it’s the fixed inning in terms of that, what we are it is in terms of redevelopment thought the first pitch hasn’t been drawn.
Don Wood: One of the attracted things about that sub market is that it has some of the very best schools in South Florida. So we get great day time traffic in addition to the office over $1 million square feet of office and that…
Jim Taylor: And also Jason, we will bring in minority interest throughout the union transactions, as well, as we did at the Grove and Shrewsbury, where effectively we own and control the asset. But their ownership is reflected at the asset model. Yes, the key point to that to really understand is – look, we were never going to compromise on the locations that we are trying to get on the value creative part of the equation. And so to do that with the best real estate to the extent it makes sense we are going to look at it really closely and open our minds so whatever structure is necessary to get it done.
Jim Taylor: Yes, I still think, I mean it’s just in the market, a geographic market impact here. The West Coast and it’s really, really strong. We’re also seeing strength in Boston, DC is little softer, but – but it is the combination that kind of create that – that overall result and then cut another way timing on particular, anchors or small shop tenants that are below market that we can get it. And we always seem to find some to be able to get through and I don’t expect that change.
Jim Taylor: Craig, its ranges anywhere from 20% to 80% asset-by-asset, and I think what’s important here is that, we have got a [indiscernible] position in these asset, which we believe we will accrete overtime. In each of these seven building are located or separate buildings are located on the primary shopping streets within the Grove. So in addition to the dominant position we’ve established with Coco, these building will allow us to leverage the street and benefit of what we’re doing in Coco around over time. So you should expect to see us make some additional investments in these particular assets overtime as well as potentially acquire other building in that submarket.
Jim Taylor: Yes. It was – and its not just couple of other assets, that I’m referring to, two and its frankly as the number out of the air at this point in time. But as we underwrite these things and figure out, what it is that we could do with them, yes, you’re all right, that there would significant physical changes to the assets.
Jim Taylor: That’s really what we see is the benefit of where we are and the opportunity [indiscernible] market in terms of an unreserved population.
Jim Taylor: I appreciate the question Haendel and with the recent debt activity that we’ve done. We’ve significantly standard our tenure and its always [indiscernible] to on the call, that does give us flexibility as we go forward to layer and perhaps in floating rate that or place in different parts of the yield curve and still keep up – and a weighted average tenure that would be the longest in our sector. And I think from a long-term perspective having some footing right that is part of the balance sheet, albeit a conservative level 15% or so is a good long-term structure. But what we’ve been doing opportunistically really the last couple of years, just taking advantage of our rates have been and the flatness of the yield curve to get a very healthy Wells Fargo debt maturity profile.
Jim Taylor: I don’t think it’s changed at all, at this point sellers are pricing expectations and Jeff please comment as well. I do think we both at seen an additional level of activities that perhaps we didn’t see in the prior 12 months, but again, it’s a very expensive environment and difficult to be successful and fully marketed transaction.
Jim Taylor: If not – yes, thanks Haendel. That is one particular transaction, Don mentioned the rollover of the space in Shirlington, it’s the theatre renewal, where we are investing some capital into a higher end maybe experience with the reserve seating and better dining options there that we think we’re really complement what’s going on in Shirlington. So a bit of anomalies if you will, but great return on that incremental invested capital.
Jim Taylor: Well, Omotayo I really appreciate the question and something that we talk a lot about in one-on-ones and other meetings. And we do intend to address a bit more fully at our Investor Day at the end of September. But look back at our plan, and I think, one of the things you can reliably expect us to execute upon is $250 million to $300 million plus a year of development spend that will be in these existing assets that we have in control today. And when we look at that long-term pipeline, it’s a pipeline that stretches well beyond ten years. So but to that more detailed question in terms of trying to get folks more granularity, we will do that at our Investor Day.
Jim Taylor: We do anticipate and I said in our guidance longer term debt issuance in the latter half of the year. But we’ve got the flexibility from a timing perspective, that if the market is not there or away. So but that’s in our guidance.
Jim Taylor: It’s from what we can see right now the leasing team continues to do a phenomenal job of rolling tenants and leasing space. So we expect that to be pretty strong. As I’ve always said it’s hard to look at a particular quarter and see a trend. You really to need to look over several quarters and in fact with this company, over a decade of experience and you can see that we traditionally average in the mid teens. Earlier in the year we had a 8%, this quarter we had 15%, right. I certainly see strong signs that will continue to be at or above that historical average.
Jim Taylor: We had about, as I said in the remarks, about $3.5 million of NOI. If you look at Pike & Rose at this point roughly half of it in the first stage has been delivered, for a call that we still have the office investment, delivering, as well as Building 10 which is about a $110 of investment. Just now, beginning to deliver in leased-ups subsequent to the quarter. And that Assembly, we are probably about 70% delivered when you factor in the office which is still delivered.
Jim Taylor: Yes. It should and again it’s an important point because when we look at, we look at our NOI, we included those assets. It’s substantially all of our portfolios.
Jim Taylor: Yes. We just opened it up for leasing at the end of June. We did 36 deals, at or open above or performance in those first deals, which is a really good start, it’s a good product. I mean it’s a really add some nice contrast to the first building that there – it’s more upper end and it’s obviously higher rise versus – stick bills and so that the initial start, we’re underway, good start.
Haendel St. Juste: So understanding your balance sheet philosophy of always having sufficient liquidities fund your business is accretively in avoid and attracted capital raises. I’m curious given the strength of your balance sheet today with your lower roll leverage is very low floating rate. That is wondering, how you are thinking about incremental debt from here. It appeared about you have capacity that’s [indiscernible] that and as we had into higher rate environment, that lower cost floating rate leverage could be a competitive advantage in acquisition precedes given the low yield environment. So just curious on your thought there.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciate that. A question on tenure of conversation with central pillar is – understand that competition for high quality assets. It’s pierced on the capital chasing a higher quality retail asset. But curious given the recent rate [indiscernible] that’s changing the tenure conversations perhaps making more potential pillar willing to come to the table seeing anything notable on that front.
Haendel St. Juste: Got you, okay. And then last one here of some color on the [indiscernible] ramped up a bit to let see [indiscernible] square foot well above your low-single digit reset trend. Can you talk a bit about what’s behind that is it quality space being leased specifically is coming to a reflection perhaps if you are having some…
Jeremy Metz: Hey, good morning, guys. Sorry, I had a phone issue, a moment roster here. Just couple of quick ones, and I'm not sure if I missed this early in the call, but did you say how much capital at share was for the seven street retail assets in Miami.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then just switching to asset sales you still have a handful assets you list as other similar to you heaps and streets, I was just wondering get those additional assets here given the strength in the market, or would it really be more of a timing thing with finding additional acquisitions at this point.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then just one quick one for Jim, just in terms of capitalizing interest, can you just remind us how you think about capitalizing interest and then when do you stop is that delivery or stabilization.
