Dan G.: With regards to Ascena, we factored in, we have 33 locations. We, in our conversations with them, expect to rationally kind of shrink our store footprint with them over the next 12 to 24 months. I don't think we can kind of specify a specific number with regards to how much bad debt or cushion we have. We've kind of looked at space by space, but I don't have that number for you.
Dan G.: Yes, no. Certainly, with FFO, in 2018, it should be back-end loaded towards the third and fourth quarter as we accelerate FFO in bringing online the benefits of Assembly and Pike & Rose. It's a little tougher to say whether or not we'll see that cadence with regards to same-store. Obviously, Assembly and Pike & Rose Phase 2s are not in the same-store portfolio, so it's a little tougher to kind of describe that cadence over the course of the year.
Dan G.: Alex, it's a great question. I mean, there's no question that we're in a period of time that is less predictable than it's been in the past. And so we're certainly more conservative on G&A. You'll certainly see it within the officers. There were basically no ratings given to Vice Presidents and above with only a couple of exceptions. This year, we're very conscious of it. We run a tight ship just like we did in 2008 and 2009 because you don't know. And times where we're not putting up the growth that I'd like us to put up, we're going to get tight on that. And the average executive at this company has been here something like 15 or 17 years, something like that. And so we understand their cycles. And sometimes you're tight, sometimes you're less tight. And that's just part of the DNA in this company. The real estate business in total, it's nothing more than that but straight out honesty.
Dan G.: And then with respect to the fourth quarter coming in better than we had expected, clearly, we felt very, very good about the 4.4% kind of exceeded our expectations for the year. And that was because the 2.6% came in ahead of kind of where we expected going into the quarter. As we head into 2018 in guidance, I would not look into – too much in terms of us tightening the range in any way. We just felt as though – coming through a very rigorous budgeting and forecasting process through the fourth quarter, we felt as though we owe you guys a little bit more precision with regards to our range of FFO. We kept the midpoint and the 4.2% number in terms of growth constant and just tightened the range a little bit on the upper band and lower band, wouldn't read too much into kind of that – those moves.
Dan G.: Yes, I'll let Jeff chime in as well. But put the best assets that we're looking to acquire, we still have not seen kind of a backup in cap rates, as Don has alluded to. Maybe we will, but it still has not filtered its way into the market yet with comps. Jeff, I don't know what you're seeing on the West Coast and other parts of the country.
Dan G.: Sure, sure. I would say with regards to rent spreads, I mean, one of the things, if you look at over the last kind of eight quarters, remarkably consistent in terms of kind of low double digits to mid-teens, quarter in, quarter out. From where we sit today, I would expect through 2018 that kind of comparable. You may see a little volatility, but on the average, over the course of the year, you'll see generally comparable leasing spreads reflected in that 2% to 3% comparable POI growth. With regards to that number, though, I mean, as I mentioned, that proactive re-leasing, which will put some pressure on occupancy and put some pressure on that same-store number, roughly about 50 basis points is reflected there with regards to some of the downtime. And obviously, it will be dilutive, because cash flow won't be there, by probably in the range of about $0.03 to $0.04.
Dan G.: Yes, we got a pipeline on the redevelopment side, and you'll see that get replenished over the course of the year.
Dan G.: Yes. I think the $250 million to $300 million we had in guidance is kind of a general number. Maybe it's in the $200 million to $300 million range as we put a tighter lens on capital allocation over the course. And I think that the asset sales that we've kind of alluded to will be potentially a source of funding kind of going forward. Certainly, the condos in 2018 give us that prefunding. We also generate pretty significant, call it, $70 million to $75 million, in that range, of free cash flow after dividends and maintenance capital that we use are very efficient form of capital, very low cost form of capital that we can reinvest into our business. That's a meaningful piece of it as well. And our balance sheet is positioned to – is positioned very well with very little drawn on our line of credit to start the year, and that we feel very, very good in terms of where our – not only for 2018 but even into 2019, where we stand from a capital plan perspective.
Don Wood: The only thing I would say to you, Craig, the only thing I would add to that is we got pretty comfortable with – when we laid out the guidance that we laid out, making sure that we were not overly conservative at all but certainly looking at tenants like Ascena and making sure that other than something much more catastrophic than we expect that we're covered.
Don Wood: Don't get too carried away with the back-loaded stuff, though. There's a lot of things we're doing for the future, et cetera, that will go both ways. So a little bit back loaded, but don't overweigh too much.
Don Wood: Yes, Alex, there's no question, I'd be straight out lying to you if I didn't say a dip down to the values that we're in – at right now. If they're sustainable, it doesn't have an impact on our capital allocation. I would hope you would want us to become more disciplined, and basically, it raises the bar on those type of capital allocation decisions. So the cool thing about the business plan, I'm really just thrilled by this, is that as we're finishing Phase 2s of both Pike & Rose and Assembly, as we're underground with the construction of 700 Santana Row, we have funded those capital needs before, as Dan had said. That's really important. And coupled with mostly sold condominiums or under contract condominiums that will be sold this year, as Dan said, we have very little capital needs in 2018 and 2019. Now that's important because as we look at incremental phases, as we're doing really hard now with existing projects or new things that we want to do, they're being put through a lens of this current capital on environment, they should be put through a lens of that. Now the good news is the – what is – what seems to me very clear is that we're creating a lot of value with the mixed-use portfolio, but in particular, the redevelopment portfolio within the basic shopping centers. And you can see that leasing and you can see where occupancy is and all that. So those levels of clear value creation, they're not going to be impacted by where we are in a significant way. But sit back, put that through the microscope of cost of capital and every incremental phase, and yes, we're going to be tighter on it.
Don Wood: Christy, with a sharper eye. Now I don't know whether this will – we'll see what happens with cap rates out there in terms of all properties. We know what's going to happen with those cap rates on lessor properties. It feels a little bit like when we looked at what was happening the last time in this location that there would be some great buys for us to find, and we didn't find a lot because the good stuff just doesn't back up in terms of cap rate or very much at all. And so I don't know that we're going see much of it. We'll see. We're on it all day long. The Primestor quiver, I do – I know you, in particular, had been through the property, so you kind of know what it is that we're doing there. And now seeing the results effectively exceed what we had hoped, and as I think I mentioned last time, there's a potential small development that is still being worked its way through the funnel there. We're hopeful that, that is – that will be an important part of the next 10 years of growth for the company.
Don Wood: The other thing that – just to mention to that, Christy, is it's one of the biggest reasons that proactively – I mean, we took Barnes out of there, Barnes & Noble in that corner, and we stood in front of that with you a lot of times over the years. It's iconic there, but the three-storey Barnes & Noble is not the future, and it's pretty clear. And so we proactively – not kicked them out, but they left, and they would have been happy to stay. In order to get this new concept theme for Anthro, that's going to be a ton of downtime and a ton of loss rent in 2018. But so what? The value being created by the new lease is significant.
Don Wood: Yes, and it's a very good question, Jeremy. I mean, first of all, you have to see – I think it's evident in the numbers, certainly evident in the occupancy stats, we have done a ton of anchor leasing over the past 18, 27 months. And you can see it, some of it's paying already, some of it will be paying in 2018, more in 2019 along the way. If you were to ask me, one thing is different about February where we are here in 2018 versus February 2017, it would seem to me that more – that in February 2017, last year, at this time, fewer retailers really had their idea of how they were going to handle the future, and today, much more – many more of them do, and that's what's been happening over the last 12 months. Within that notion, and we're seeing it everywhere, they will – absolutely we can get good deals, good economic deals that add value to both the property and to the rest of the tenancy in the center on filling those boxes for most of them. You just saw what we're talking about in Bethesda. Now some of the challenges in the future will be those second-floor boxes that made sense – Burlington is a good example. Those boxes that made sense in the olden days that make no sense today. And we had a couple of those, not a lot, but we have a couple of those. Those are the things that will be challenging to effectively be able to accretively add value to the shopping center. So there really is a tale of two cities in terms of the ability to do that. I think if you look at the amount of leasing that's been done and where it's been done, it kind of gives you – where it's been done accretively, the value kind of gives you the answer. Is there capital that goes into those deals? Absolutely. Is there so much capital that the deal doesn't make sense? No. And so we can still make good deals, not as easy as they were, that's for sure, but still good deals.
Don Wood: Let me get to the last piece, and then – since I remember it, then Dan can take the first piece. Yes, we absolutely look at increasing asset sales to the extent it makes sense. One of the things I wonder about, I don't know, it's not worry but it's wonder, is everybody is talking about asset sales. So is there enough capital out there? Who is buying that stuff? How are they financing it, et cetera? How much is too much on the marketplace? So it's nice to be in a position where we don't have to, but if we have an opportunistic way to move a couple or a few of the assets that we own, we will do that. Remember, we have a tax issue, and on almost every asset here, we have a tax basis that is lower, in most cases significantly lower than the value. So we have to figure that in. But yes, we would open up our bag of tricks, if you will, to consider incremental dispositions.
Don Wood: I do, Jeff. It's a great question. I do, but the question is how. For somebody who's always skeptical of consultants because a consultant wants to take whatever issue there is in the marketplace and make a career out of it, there's a billion people out there saying, I just got the greatest data information for you. And maybe somebody does, but the reality is you're talking about a data transformation in terms of its importance to retailers, to others within – studying the consumer that I think is critically important. How – we are looking strongly right now of how to go about that, how to participate effectively in that part of the world. I don't have any answer for you yet, but I can tell you, if I look over the next decade, there will clearly be not only investments but careful investments in the right data, the important data that retailers are using to make their decisions. Now they're investing, too, obviously. And the biggest issue is every four months, whatever was important four months ago is now obsolete. And so sticking with that process or figuring out the best way to participate in that process is a key goal for Federal over the next couple of years.
Don Wood: I think it's both, but – I think it's both. I mean, when you sit – as I was saying before, even in the last year, as more and more retailers kind of figure out how they're going to approach, not sure if they're going to be successful or not, but how they're going to approach this new economy and the new consumer, there's all kinds of information that they are grasping for as part of that plan. This – what you're describing is not an either or, it is a combination of both, and it will evolve month-by-month over the next few years.
Don Wood: Yes. Well, there's a bomb that's around it, right? First of all, it is an honor to be a shopping center company that is in the conversation as to where the second headquarters for Amazon is going to be. The end of itself, that's kind of cool. You bet you, we're in the vicinity. You know we're in the vicinity at both Assembly and at Pike & Rose, two of the 20 funnelists. In terms of getting deeper into that conversation of direct or indirect, I can't talk too much about that yet. I think you should be thinking of our impact as indirect there. But there are still negotiations to go through on their side, the county government, state government, et cetera. We'll see where it ends out. But in two of those locations, it's very possible that we have a benefit, I would assume an indirect benefit.
Don Wood: Well, it’s not – certainly, the size is important, but you have to look at it in the context of where it is. So the reason – I gave two examples before, and one is a second floor-only, accessible second floor-only big box in a – even a high-quality shopping center, certainly tough in a low-quality shopping center. But in a high-quality shopping center, whose business plans really look to that going forward? And I don't see name. So it's that second-floor, older space that I do worry about that we're working through. It will be – in many cases, because we have other arrows in our quiver, including other uses, whether that be office or azure, whatever else needs to happen in that space, we're looking at all kinds of stuff. So for example, at Pentagon Row, a second-floor health club, which has gone – we converted to office space, with a very strong office market just over the river from D.C. and Arlington, Virginia, and we're going to really well associated with that. So it's not just – it's hard, Nick. Don't just look at the box size. Look at the real estate location and the alternatives and what the company is able to do with them. Look at that stuff, and you got it. When – you take a look at a Bethesda, I mean, almost anywhere else, lots – not anywhere else, but lots of other places, a three-storey Barnes & Noble, basement, main floor, upper floor, of 45,000 feet or something like that, how else would you – who else would have gotten a whole space user in the form of this Anthropologie concept today? You would almost – any real estate guy would say, well, you're going to have to break that up. There'll be lost basement space, good space on the ground floor, but because at that corner in Bethesda, Maryland, we had choices. So I'm not going to be able to give you a generic 30 to 40 is bad, 15 to 25 is good. You got to get local on this analysis. I know it’s harder, but you do.
Don Wood: Well, not in particular but – Chris, go ahead. I mean, obviously, we've been looking forward, we've been monitoring tightly coming out of the holiday season. Seeing where January and February had been, it feels more stable than I had anticipated at this point, which is good news. It's a settling. And I think that settling is part of that – each of them or more of them, if you will, not all, that's for sure, but more of them figuring out their business plans. I'm sorry, Chris, go ahead.
Don Wood: Yes. Let me do the two, the biggest and – actually, we'll do three. Santana Row, Silicon Valley, I mean, there's like one Silicon Valley. Housing, clearly, is limited there. Jeff can certainly talk more about that, I'll go through the three of them quickly. But we still have – we've done remarkably well on our residential rents, on our ability to keep vacancy out on each new product that we add at Santana. That – in the marketplace, there's certainly additional development, but that market certainly seems to be able to handle it. And by the way, the amenitized environment part of that, you cannot underestimate. It truly is – has become – we've been talking about it for decades, but it is here, man. In places where your lifestyle is able to be supplemented with all these amenities, it's really important. Come across the East Coast and go up to Boston, I mean, you can see it in the results at Assembly. And Assembly, remember, is in Somerville, outside of Boston. And Boston rents on the residential side are through the roof. And some numbers like $4.50, $5 a foot per month. We are getting mid-3s at Assembly Row. And that's really strong. And by the way, I mean, we did 190 of them already in this building, which is – it's strong. There's more competition downtown, absolutely, but what it is that we're doing is really unique. Move down to Pike & Rose. When we did the first phase, we had tons of competition or new product, if you will, being built. That has subsided in large measure certainly in Montgomery County. And the development of Pike & Rose as a place is solidified. So nothing suggests – nothing, to me, proves it more than $2.40 rents, which I wish were higher, but that's where they are, $2.40 rents, still profitable rents, but – where we're adding new supply and keeping the existing 500 units completely filled, that's a hard thing to do. We thought there would be more dilution from Pallas and PerSei, the first two products that we've built, when we opened up Henri. There's not. It sets the time. And of course, it's location-driven, but the amenitized environment, the pieces of the mixed-use communities, clearly, and we see it in every survey we take, are an important consideration for why people are choosing to live there.
Don Wood: I think I'm crystal clear, and I think you've seen it on the office, too. It's amazing that the office portfolio of this company is like 100% leased or nearly 100% leased. When you take a look at that building that we built at Assembly in Phase 1, that was not originally going to be built at that time. But we saw what we were doing with demand on the retail side, what was happening with AvalonBay up top, and we added a 100,000 square foot office building, completely leased up very quickly with people on the waiting list, and that will roll up as those tenants go. And so partners, the recent partners are there at the Assembly environment. The recent Merrill Lynch is at Pike & Rose at the amenitized environment. It's both office and resi.
Don Wood: That's the point. The point is done. And so that jumped off. But so, no, you'll see that – I mean, not always being a little lumpy, but – no, I think what we're seeing on the redevelopment side within the portfolio is as active as ever and delivering good yields despite what's happened. Look, the capital allocation conversation really applies more to the bigger next phases of the big mixed-use portfolios.
Don Wood: Oh boy, I don't really have a good answer to you – for you on that one. I don't really know. I mean, the – I think it's a footnote to the bigger conversation as to whether that retailer or those retailers have a viable business plan in the new world. And those that do, I do think will benefit from tax reform. Those that don't, whatever. So I just don't think it's a – I don't know enough about those particular business plans, most particularly financial situations, which is what that comes down to. But it's hard for me to imagine that's the final thing that puts them over. I think there's bigger reasons they'll go.
Don Wood: Yes. Your point is dead on. I mean, there is certainly more pressure, continued pressure, but this has been the past five, seven years of more pressure to move risk from tenant to landlord. I like that we've kind of found some level of equilibrium overall. That doesn't mean there's not going to be a deal that we'll do with a big TI that has other benefits to the shopping center that happens occasionally, but basically, I see it stabilizing. I think that's a good thing. Look, that's again a property-by-property decision, the better properties are more leveraged.
Don Wood: Floris, let me handle the buyback question because it's a good one. Look, we've been asked about buybacks over the past year at one point. And I've always said and I will still say with respect to this point that it's obviously not our preferred alternative. We absolutely prefer to allocate capital to projects that are long-term business plans, and that short-term variations in the marketplace are no reason to disrupt that business plan. I still believe that. But at some point, Floris, your point is not unheard at all, particularly in a year where we basically don't have the significant capital needs that we've had over the past few years. It can be on the table. Now how to execute that within our A rating, how to execute that within our overall business plan, probably requires asset sales to fund that. So the question earlier as to whether there could be increase in asset sales, I mean, that's part of the things that we're considering because markets are markets, there's not so much we can do about that, that's for sure. But we're getting close. We start talking about $100 here, that's $100 a share and 6% yield and better than 6% yield on this company, and it's – it will not be something that's ignored. And let me just leave it at that.
Chris Weilminster: And with Anthropologie, Christy, what got us excited about the concept is that in this new large format, Anthropologie is putting many of their brands and other things under the same roof. So if you think about taking three people to frame, the Anthropologie product, the whole furniture line, cosmetics, a large shoe department that brings in other produce shoes, so they're not all vertically branded by urban, all of those things under one roof, to us, very much became a department store of the future. We thought that, that really resonated with all the soft goods that we've added over the years on the business ads. So we were thrilled to have that opportunity and also thrilled with the backfill of bringing the bookstore back into the project.
Chris Weilminster: No, I was going to reiterate that, Don, because you made that point earlier that the market – these retailers just need to have a firmer handle on their business plan and what they're trying to execute. And those are high-quality real estate. They're looking for lots of foothold and traffic from consumers, and a lot of our properties resonate with that. So in general, we're finding a firmer environment with regard to having these conversations with the retailers. But that's – it's organized as Don said just in his last comment, it's all about location, it really is. It's not an equal opportunity proposition for everyone.
Chris Weilminster: Well, we also have stabilized products that's kind of rolled into the stabilized pool and add up kind of the end process. The point is like a point.
