Donald Wood: Thanks for the question, Alex. The answer is a hard, no. Santa Monica Third Street is a, it's a really unique situation, frankly, in the country. We made a fortune on Third Street. And if I show you the IRRs from when we owned it till you know when we sold that building and frankly, the rest of it, they are really spectacular. But there is no doubt that COVID changed Third Street significantly. And, yeah, there's downside on the street. We're not believers in the ability to continue what we have. Now at a different basis. Maybe that could make some sense again because it would be reset and starting again. But please don't take Third Street Promenade and extrapolate that to other assets within the portfolio. It's a unique one-off.
Donald Wood: From a sales perspective for us, Steve, the answer to that is not really, I mean, it's the same it's the same process that we would that we would normally go through each year. As you know, you can always expect $100 million, $200 million, 300 sometimes of sales, depending upon the marketplace and what it is we don't have. I don't see that, for us at this point and including looking forward, I'm really happy, frankly, with the positioning that we have. On the other side in terms of buying, there's going to be a buying opportunity, man. I'm not sure if it's -- if it's the right now to tell you the truth. Hard to imagine with all the debt coming due and the situation the banks could be in the next year or two or three, that there won't be some, some really nice opportunities that we see. But we'll stick to that time and see it then. Not today. It would be my answer.
Donald Wood: Sure, sure. You know, I think that you'll see roughly about 10% of the aggregate number of the 27 million coming in the fourth quarter. I think the balance of it largely will come out over the course of 2024. You know, I don't think I think it will be fairly, you know, front end loaded first half of the year, a little bit more weighted than the back half of the year. And it will not be materially different in terms of kind of when it comes online, when you look at everything, including the space coming online for the non-comparable properties. So largely 10% in the fourth quarter and then the balance in 2024.
Donald Wood: Yeah. Hey, look, we narrowed the range. The implied range there. It is what it is. The 1.59 to 1.67. It is there. I think, look, we did an exceptional job this quarter of getting rents started. You know, faster than we expected. We're going to hope to do that again. We have been doing, I think, a good job of keeping tenants in place for longer. I think that we'll see occupancy growth in the fourth quarter, given the significant amount of leasing that we had. You know, I think that there's not going to be probably it is a little wide. The 1.59 you probably want to look, you know, a few cents outside of the midpoint there, but I wouldn't read too much into that. You know, I think part of it is also we'll see what happens with regards to, you know, we're fine tuning our G&A for the remainder of the year. And, you know, I think one of the things that we did really well is, you know, we delivered choice hotels. Early. Got it in before quarter-end. And that will be a nice, you know, recognition through the entire quarter relative to kind of what we had expected. And then, obviously, I think you're going to see, you know, the headwind of interest rates and who knows what happens through the balance of the last two months. But obviously we're facing higher interest rates than we had expected. And, you know, obviously the timing and what we do in terms of our refinancing may dictate some of that. I think development. And then with regards to funding development, we have an undrawn $1.2 billion credit facility. You know, we are continuing to look at in modest levels, not alluded to, continuing to see if we can get some asset sales done. You know, we're very, very well positioned, I think, from our perspective to be able to, you know, we really have $180 million left on our development, um, remaining $750 million development pipeline, $1.3 billion of liquidity at quarter-end certainly positions us well over the next, you know, four to five quarters to get done what we need to get done.
Donald Wood: Yes. With regards to the 85 to 95, that's kind of in line. We end up around about 100 basis points. So I think we did slightly better than historically, meaningfully better because I think we had less impact from Bed Bath & Beyond that I think we originally had forecasted. But I think that that's been a positive result from us managing the portfolio over time. And with regards to the watch list, we just don't have much exposure to any of the names that people are worried about. Names like Rite Aid, Big Lots, Joanne, Express represent a de minimis amount of our total rent exposure in the ballpark of about 25 basis points. It's really nothing. And so I think near term, we feel pretty good about the watch list. But we'll assess that for 2024. And we'll move forward as we get through our budgeting process through the balance of this year.
Donald Wood: Yes. I think I would, Dori. It's a good question. We talk about it a lot in the notion of how to lease up, what tenants, the appropriate level of merchandising, what they will do to the rest of the shopping center. I mean, we are picky in terms of how we do that. And so the -- frankly, I think if you lease up too fast, you're probably leaving money on the table. And so the notion of being able to get the right tenant and get paid for that, that's something that's really important to us. And combine that with the credit, the type of credit of those small shop tenants, the guarantees that we get, the -- we very rarely do something with a first-time retailer. It's almost always with a regional player or someone that's got a number of stores. We get the entire organization most of the time on the lease from a credit perspective. So for me, that's the key part of where we create the most value in the company. It is that small shop stuff that works off of the anchors. And on the anchor leases, I can't empirically say this, but I believe the terms of the anchor deals that we get, including the bumps that are in those leases and the strength of those leases, I think they're superior. I think they're some of the strongest leases that those tenants do. So it's not just about occupancy. It's about profitability. And that balance is something we take really seriously.
Donald Wood: Jeff, no, I cannot name a tenant. Where are my comments? By the way, you just cost me $10 with Melissa. I said if I made the comments that I made in here, which are real clear with respect to where we are, the deals we have, how close we're getting, et cetera, but we don't have signed leases yet, I said if I made those comments in there, there wouldn't be a question about the same thing. But you are and you cost me $10. I'm going to bill you on that, if you don't mind. That's really all I can say about that. You should be optimistic because we sure are in terms of the ability to keep moving forward. But no, I cannot name a tenant.
Donald Wood: We expect to continue to capitalize interest on the balance of the year 2024 to deliver space to tenants. We would expect that we would be able to match up the reduction in capitalized interest with the rent starts. So that should be expected.
Donald Wood: Yes, you should be very positive about that. If you think about where our residential is, it's only in four places, four or five places and they're all at the mixed-use properties that have high rents on -- in general because of where they are and the right growth is generally better because of where they are. We're seeing that particularly true at Assembly in -- just outside of Boston. We're seeing that equally true in Silicon Valley. And so when you kind of think about the particular markets that we're in and you think of the cost of home prices and home -- and mortgages that effectively go there, renting at fully amenitized, great locations looks awfully good. And that's our business model. So I can't really talk generally about the residential world because I don't know it outside of these mixed-use environments in our four big projects. I hope that's helpful. Be positive about it.
Donald Wood: The only thing I would say to that is it depends on the deal. And so when you're sitting there and not only you get a strong starting rent, but you can get strong bumps in there, we'll lock that in. And that's a key part of what it is that we do. In terms of the 8.8 years this time versus 6.5 or 7.5, that's simply a matter of mix. Now there are certainly certain locations where certain things are happening with redevelopment or whatever else, where we're purposely trying to keep it tighter and shorter period of time, and we do stuff like that. But overall, portfolio-wide, I really do, Linda, I'd really love you to understand those and look hard at those contractual bumps because they're a real differentiator over the term of the lease.
Donald Wood: Good question, Alex. It really is. I'm going to turn it over to Wendy to make sure that you get the specifics.
Donald Wood: Yes, Nick, and I am going to chime in. I know it's a long answer to a simple question about an asset, but Mercer shows so much about kind of what we -- what's right down the middle of the play for us. There's a big piece of land that we were able to get control of. Jeff got -- did an amazing job, frankly, 20 years ago. And there's -- you think about -- when you talk about us for the long term, we didn't take a chance on whether we're going to own the fee or not own the fee. We had it contractually done. So the timing is now. But if you look at what happened to that income stream on such a big piece of land, there was so much that was done in that property that was not originally underwritten. It reminds me a thing like Pembroke today. It reminds me of things like Rosemont today, the things that we've been able to do that you can't quite underwrite, but because they are dominant community-based centers that got drop on the large areas, we want to keep it going. And with what's failing around it and some of the challenges of the inside mall space around it, it's looking stronger than ever.
Donald Wood: Yes. It's a great question and one that we spend a lot of time around here doing. Obviously, the higher cost of money means a higher level of return threshold. And so really what it's about for us and this, I think, is different than most people is we do have the ability to do, given the residential entitlements that we have, given the amount of redevelopment on retail properties with an additional residential component, that's something where you've got rates that change every year. You got year leases. And so the notion of being able to get something started for a few years from now and having it move in is much more likely in that category than it is obviously when you're talking about some other piece of real estate. So you'll see more of those redevelopments, retail redevelopments that we do on our existing properties. That will continue and will start -- will pick up again next year. But you'll also see some of the larger stuff, I think, later on next year with respect to particularly residential opportunities within the portfolio, places that we've already created that retail environment to be additive to.
Dan Guglielmone: Consistent with what we've discussed in the past, there's no changes in our expectation with regards to that and that policy.
Dan Guglielmone: Look, I think, as I said in my statement, we are going to give guidance for 2024 in detail on our call in February, okay? With regard to same store, we will be growing POI next year. We said that before, I'll confirm that here. But that's about what I'm prepared to say at this point.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Look, I think that -- I think we're probably a little conservative candidly on some of the numbers there. I think we've got a good year, which could impact G&A, which would go up. Those are kind of -- I think the number is a little bit of conservatism and probably a little bit of increased G&A in the final quarter probably is what, I think, gets you to kind of the midpoint or the implied midpoint of the guidance.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. And just to remind folks that, that was a $55 million investment at 8.7% yield. So kudos to the folks who've embedded that option 20 years ago to allow us to have this really great opportunity to invest capital at a property we own. I think an implied -- current cap rate on it significantly inside of the yield to acquire a portion of the fee underneath.
