Don Wood: Thanks, Dan. As I listen to Dan's conversation and comments there, I thought one more point that I really I wanted to make. There's so much conversation about the supermarket part of our business and part of the industry and how good that is, but I want you to know about our mixed-use communities. I spoke about the overall outsized performance of the four -- big four mixed-use communities last quarter, but it bears repeating as its strength continued and helped drive the results in the second quarter. Taken together, Assembly Row, Bethesda Row, Pike & Rose and Santana Row are a real company differentiator for Federal, as you know, and more in demand than ever before, with retail leased occupancy at 98% and tenant sales well above 2019 levels. These properties are humming with estimated foot traffic in excess of 30 million shoppers in the trailing 12 months. That's a big number. And it comes from the database of place for AI, which we think is well understated. In our estimation, this is the product in the market that consumers in a post-COVID world want the most. So despite the well-publicized bankruptcies of companies like Bed Bath and Christmas Tree Shops and the effects of higher interest rates on our business, I'm feeling pretty darn good about the way this year is playing out, and that's been the basis for which we could increase guidance by as much as we did this quarter. Let's now turn it over and open it up to your questions.
Don Wood: Thanks, Alex. First of all, I'm really impressed that you're reading Montgomery County, Maryland press releases and get into the detail of what's going on at Federal. It's pretty cool. Yes, we did get full entitlements for apartments at Federal Plaza. And I think I've talked for quite some time about using a downtime to get our development team and keep our development team working on entitlements that can be put to work as the economy changes. And I know a lot of people talk about residential. Resi is a really important part for us, and it's not just resi at the mixed-use properties, which is also obviously an important part of what we do. We, right now, not only have just gotten federal Plaza entitlements, but there's 500 units that are shovel ready that we could do today, and we're really looking hard at the capital allocation and the numbers to see how much -- what we really need to get done there and what we can underwrite at Santana Row and at Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania. In addition to that, there's another dozen properties, another 3,000 units, so like 3,500 units for which we are actively working on entitlements at our shopping centers. These are places, you wouldn't necessarily think about them particularly, like Friendship Heights, like the Avenue side of Baltimore, like Hoboken in New Jersey, Panam shopping center, a bunch of them. And when you think about us, we've done this stuff before. We've been doing it for 20 years. So look at the back of Congressional Plaza, Housing [ph], Chelsea Shopping Center, previously at Bala. We do a lot of this stuff and we try to do it with our own capital when the numbers make sense so that it moves the needle. Doing stuff with the capital that we could put to work and get it -- get an above-average return will move the needle for Federal. And it's one of the key differentiators given our experience that we look at and will look at over the next 5 and 6 years. Some of those projects don't pencil today. No surprise to anybody. So what? Get the entitlements. Increase the value of the land. Be ready to put money to work when it makes sense. That's a key part of our growth.
Don Wood: Yes, Michael, it's a great question. Let me give you a little bit here and then have Jeff or Jan to expand to the extent there's something else to say. The important thing to understand here, I do believe there is a stabilization happening in the Valley. And I think if you lived out there or saw the press and everything out there, you'd say, maybe we are getting some sort of a period of time where things can start happening. We are in some earnest and, frankly, advanced negotiations with tenants for space right now that are looking at our space simply because of where it is at Santana Row, simply because that is a brand-new product that is fully amenitized. And look, I've been snake-bitten a couple of times before, so I'm certainly careful about this. But I'm pretty confident that we'll have some leasing success in the relatively near future. I hope I'm right. If I'm not, you can say I was wrong. But it feels palpably different in the Valley than it has over the last year or two. And I know that from a product standpoint, this is the stuff that -- I mean, we're getting the views because of the type of product that we have because of the fully amenitized mixed-use environment. This is where it's at.
Don Wood: Liz, it's -- I hear you. I really still believe very much that looking at a 7% spread on a re-leasing spread with the type of bumps that we have inherent in our lease, it's really the equivalent of 16% of a company with inherent bumps 100 basis points less than ours. And I think that's a really important thing that we've been talking about over the last few quarters. So when you see seven and you compare that to somebody else who doesn't have the contractual bumps of 11 or 12, we still have better economics. And I don't think that's understood all that well. I don't think it's a deceleration. It's simply a matter of the mix in the particular quarter. So I don't think you should draw any trend lines associated with that. I've got to tell you, ma'am, when you -- I think something like -- I'm making up a number here. I'm not sure I get this right. But it's like three out of four of our leases have very -- have 3% or better bumps in them. And that includes anchors. And that is a big number. And I don't think anybody else could say that. I don't know because nobody discloses it. I get it. But when you look at 7% bumps here, let me tell you, the economics of that are significantly better because of those bumps.
Don Wood: And Ki Bin, I guess just one more. You certainly hear lots of companies that say, they're going to buy back stock and share repurchases are great and all. But I got to tell you, unless you're doing it in size to really change the capitalization of the company and effectively have a broader notion of that, doesn't move the needle. ,So the idea of -- unless it's deeply, deeply discounted and stays deeply, deeply discounted for a long period of time. And so kind of what we see on the horizon here and the opportunities that we'd like to put money to work on driving up leverage by buying back stock doesn't make sense for us in the long-term even if it does provide a little bump, but again, how much in the short-term.
Don Wood: Yes, Paulina. We are having a hard time hearing you. I don't know whether it's the connection or not. We're going to try to answer this, I guess, on the capital. If we're not giving you what you want, please give us a call directly. Call Dan or Melissa after this, and we'll get you specifically what you want. But we're going to take a shot, I guess where we're going.
Dan G.: Yeah. We fully expect to be able to capitalize based on our build-out plan for the floor by floor and the timing and so forth through of 2024, and we expect to replace the -- we expect to have income starting as we bring that capitalized interest down. And so we don't expect the disconnect at the moment, but we'll know more as we get leases signed and as we continue to build out and see on the success of the multi-tenant approach that we've had in the building.
Dan G.: Look, we've done very well with regards to the watch list so far. I mean I think that with the exception of Bed Bath, we've had very little exposure to the failing retailers that we've had to date. I think that just generally those that are on our people's radar, whether they be Joanne or At Home or other names like that, we have very limited exposure there. I think, Wendy, I don't know if there's other comments.
Dan G.: Yes. Look, kind of the first half of the year outside of Bed Bath & Beyond, we had about 50 basis points of credit reserve impact. I think we -- as I stated, we're going to end up with or expect to end up with on Bed Bath about 31 basis points for the full year. Okay. And then with regards to the second half of the year, the 50 to 75 basis points, there may be some conservatism in there. But right now, we're probably -- we initially came out with 100 to 130 basis points at the start of the year. It's probably more in the 80 to 100 basis points. So we've made some real progress there. And so hopefully, we'll do better than that 50 to 75.
Dan G.: Yes. A big hit there is going to be the interest expense. We refinanced a bond in the second quarter, repaid them effectively on June 1, so we're going to see the full quarter there. Plus, the Fed continues to raise rates, and so we do have a little bit of exposure on the floating rate side. And that's probably the lion's share in addition to the Bed Bath impact in 3Q.
Dan G.: No, very good question, very good question. Look, with regards to the equity, that's just an assumption that we layer in for our guidance. It doesn't make a huge difference between the $200 million that we -- I think we had previously. So I wouldn't read too much into that. I think that it's just a number that is in there for an assumption to get to that midpoint of 652 [ph] and the range that we have. And with respect to buying back stock, I mean, look, I don't think it's a particularly attractive use of our capital today. given we've got potentially -- we want to preserve our dry powder for better opportunities currently and think that we'll focus on acquisitions and redevelopments given where we're currently trading.
Dan G.: And to the extent we don't like where our stock is trading, we've got a pool of assets that we'll opportunistically look to sell in the market and try and obtain more attractive pricing than where our stock is trading. So we've got multiple arrows in the quiver to fund the business going forward.
Dan G.: With regards to the $600 million that we have coming due in January, look, we're in the market assessing it. It's not particularly opportunistic today. We raised $350 million back in April. I think we feel pretty good about that at 5 3/8% coupon for $350 million. Look, we've got access to the market. I think today, it would be in the upper 5s if we were to access the market today. We don't particularly find that attractive, but we've got time. And so we've got multiple arrows in the quiver there as well in options, and we'll look to be opportunistic. So who knows where we'll be over the next several months, but we'll get it done.
Dan G.: Yes. Blended, it's in and around roughly 2.25 across the entire portfolio, anchors and small shop. And this quarter was in line with that, maybe a little bit shy. And that's retail only. Obviously, to the extent that we have other commercial leases, they tend to be higher and they tend to have annual bumps that drives that blended spread up.
Dan G.: Just with regards to pricing, look, we don't do it for the incremental pricing. You could say that there's probably incremental demand. And what that means for pricing with the bonds and so forth, I think, is difficult to quantify in today's market. We do it because, honestly, we like to highlight the fact that when we develop in our mixed-use communities, we develop at LEED Gold or better. We've got a LEED Gold-certified neighborhood designation at Pike & Rose, which is one of only a dozen, I think, in the country. ESG is an important part. I think Don Becker should maybe kind of highlight what we -- some of the more specifics. But look, we do the green bond because I think it kind of showcases what we do, but it also expands just the universe of potential investors who will look at the bonds. And if it gives us better pricing, that's great, but it just -- it enhances execution. And I think that's the most important thing.
Dan G.: Well, it's not $50 million. It's $34 million. I mean the total is $34 million, and there's $17 million in the existing portfolio. And there's $17 million in the non-comparable portfolio, space to be delivered. That will come online about 45% or $15 million is scheduled to commence the balance of this year. And then the remainder of $19 million, the lion's share of that, almost all of it will come on in 2024. And it's a little bit more weighted in the fourth quarter than it is in the third quarter this year.
Dan G.: The numbers that you're referring to, I'm not quite sure. So we'll follow up to you after the call to kind of follow up on this. One thing to notice, yes, capital is down in the quarter. And I think that we feel good about that. And -- but we can't answer your specific question. We'll follow up this evening.
