Donald Wood: Yes, no, Juan, it's a very fair question. We talked earlier in the year about a window and being able to jump through the window when the arbitrage kind of makes sense. I can tell you that if we signed up Virginia Gateway today, it would be more expensive than what we bought at Crystal Clear so that they have come in a little bit. As you would expect with assumptions of interest rates overall coming down. I mean, there's nothing more sensitive than that. Yet still, we've got some things working in the hopper that look like they can make some sense again, whether we close them or not, I don't know. But yes, you should absolutely, you should assume that there's a direct correlation between the product that's available out there and what the cost of money is. So frankly, the ones that we've built made so far where we hit that window right on, I'm feeling great about those two. In terms of the others that we were looking at now, still assume around the same places, maybe inside a little bit. But, let's see what happens with interest rates in the rest of the year with respect to how much product is available.
Donald Wood: And with regards to capitalized interest, with regards to 2025, we have no change in terms of the outlook. I think we're getting better clarity. But I think we still need more things to pull in place before we'll provide any guidance on that front.
Donald Wood: Yes. I expected this question, Dori, because we blew through our assumptions with respect to what we assumed. And, as I said, I still think there's another 100 basis points or so to go more on anchor. I don't think it's this year. I think it's between, it's by the end of 2025, effectively there on small shop. Man, there might be a little bit more to go there too, which I was not expecting to be able to say. But the pipeline really looks very strong. So that's all good news. I don't know if I have a number for you. No, no. I mean, in my prepared remarks, I highlighted that we've revised upward our targeted year in occupancy level to roughly 93.5%. That's a bull mark estimate and obviously dependent upon, how quickly we can get folks open in terms of what deals we've got already executed.
Donald Wood: Sure. I think it's really going to be driven by occupancy. I've got largely kind of it was a little back end of the quarter weighted in terms of the moves it move ins. So we didn't see, I think, fully the strength in occupancy growth during the quarter. And so we'll see that more fully in the third quarter. And I think we expect to be kind of in the mid to upper threes in the second half of the year. I think it's not a big stretch just assuming occupancy rates are elevated in the second half of the year.
Donald Wood: Yes, no, Alex, you're, and I'm not calling you Alexandra, by the way, you're Alex to me, buddy. You've got a couple of things to think about, including construction costs. And let me start with that, because that is the first thing that, that it's been a long time since we've seen pressure on, on prices, construction prices coming down, and we are starting to see that. Now, whether that's actually the cost of things like lumber, which is under pressure, certainly to come down, given the lack of housing starts, whether it's, whether it's lack of work, so that the developers profit, is they're more willing to take less profit. There are incremental changes there that are very important to this, to the whole equation. And then when you come to, when you come to the rents and what rents are needed, it obviously not only depends on the starting rent, but it definitely depends on where you see your growth. And particularly when we're talking about a number of the things that we would redevelop, in particular, we got a lot of residential stuff that would be added to our existing properties, like, like Bell. And so you're -- we're sitting there saying, there, you clearly know that there's, there's, more housing needed throughout the country globally. And when you're sitting, you add them to mixed use, or to shopping centers to create more of a mixed use environment there. The -- what we've seen is the ability to press up, like I've told you on my residential rents. So the combination of where those rents are going, or are today, will be tomorrow and continue to grow coupled with, with construction costs are really important. And as I'm talking to you, Jeff Berkes is putting up his finger. So he's got something else to say, Alex, we're going to add that in. Go ahead, Jeff.
Donald Wood: Jeff, I feel like I always have to caveat whenever a question comes up about categories. I feel like I always have to qualify it by saying, you have to look at the operators and you have to look at best-in-class operators in whatever the category is. Because as we see, I mean, I was just looking at sales numbers for our restaurants, for example, at Santana Row, at Pike and Rose Assembly Row, extremely productive. And part of the reason they're extremely productive is because there's some of the best operators in the space. If you've got the best properties, you've got the ability to be a little bit more choosy on who comes into those properties. And that applies whether you're talking about, apparel operators, shop, small, smaller shop, apparel operators, restaurant operators, gym operators, all of it. And when you look at a time where the consumer is, there is worry about the consumer going forward, I can tell you, mediocre businesses go away. Strong businesses find their way through. And so that understanding of the strength of the operator has to be figured into the mix when you ask about categories. It's more than just categories.
Donald Wood: I think it's going to, so what we've learned on, our mixed use properties is absolutely that the integration of the uses, and this actually applies to office too, that we'll be building office anytime soon. But that the integration of those units, whether you're talking about residential or whether you're talking about office or whatever you're talking about, is clearly much more impactful if it's near all the other amenities. It's the fully amenitized environment. So when you look at our shopping centers, you know that our shopping centers are in pretty darn good demographic areas where the rents for residential would largely be high enough or getting to be high enough to be able to make those numbers work. So when I talk in my comments about 3,700 apartment units that are either entitled or being entitled or being designed, that's probably where we'll start as evidenced by ballot in terms of where kind of big development happens. Now, if you go out to Huntington, that's a complete, retail redevelopment of a shopping center. And that opportunity came to us, frankly, before COVID. And we've worked through that. When I look now, I believe residential adding to our retail shopping centers is probably where you'll see us starting as evidenced by ballot.
Donald Wood: The cap rate on Santa Monica is kind of a little bit of a hard one. I mean, kind of, it's kind of mid to upper sixes, kind of in place, but it quickly kind of goes down into the fives. And next year and the year after that, low fives. So, the unlevered IRR that we kind of penciled is kind of has a low six handle on it. So it's a really attractive source of capital. Not as accretive this year as we would like, but very much accretive over the longer term. The second piece in terms of, look, we acquired and put to work in the quarter $287 million of capital in CocoWalk buyout at Virginia Gateway, at Pinal Vista Crossing. I think raising capital, which we always do in a balanced approach that we fund the business. We have a multiple premium and an attractive multiple that even though it's not where we'd like it to be from an NAB perspective, it's still accretive capital. Where we deployed it, that $287 million, and it was in modest amount, about a quarter the capital needed there was to fund it. So I think it was very prudent in terms of how we approached it. With regards to going forward and future acquisitions, we'll be opportunistic. We have a big, full pipeline of assets under consideration for sale. That will be a component of it. I don't think it necessarily means we will sell. And then we'll look to I think opportunistically tap the equity market as we see it's an accretive, if we can accretively deploy that capital and grow FFO from. So that's kind of how we look at that.
Donald Wood: Yes, Floris, we announced kind of blended anchor and small shop that was 2.4%. Really, really strong. Nobody else I think is even close. And that's driven by significant percentage of our leases at 3% or better on the small shop side. And we get better rent bumps on our anchors. Probably kind of in the mid to upper ones. I think that was about where we were this last quarter. So, that blended gets us there. We continue to push that an important component, but we also look to push other components. The starting rent is an important part of it as well. And so the more qualitative aspects, I'll hand over to Wendy in terms of what are the things are we getting from tenants in this environment where we're getting better negotiating leverage? The other thing is I'd like to highlight to you is it's just also, we had a good quarter and we got a good couple quarters in terms of TI's. And we're starting to, I mentioned that in my prior remarks, we're focused on kind of controlling those TI dollars and limiting that. And that's why I highlighted the net effective straight line rents in the mid-teens is an impressive number and something I'd like to highlight.
Donald Wood: The only thing I'm going to add to that, Floris, is I've always touted that I felt that our contracts were among the strongest, if not the strongest in the industry. And when I say contracts, what I'm talking about, not only lease bumps, which we can quantify, but certainly the qualitative things like redevelopment rights, like lack of sales kick outs, like lack of co-tenancy. All of that, I think our contracts are stronger today than they were a few years ago, even. And a few years ago, I think they were in the sector. Hard to prove it. Better locations give us more leverage. That's where I think we are.
Donald Wood: Hey, look, I think 70 to 90 is still operative. I mean, I think we were at the lower end of that range in the first half of the year, the way we look at it. And I think that it's proven to kind of keep that same leverage. I'm hoping we'll end up towards the bottom end. And certainly if we can end up towards the end, obviously that enhances our ability to outperform and get towards the upper end of our range of guidance. But I'm fine given where we were. I think the first half of the year, we ended up kind of at the lower end of that range. And I don't think it's -- we don't see a reason at this point to change that out.
Donald Wood: What I would say first, Paulina, about that is take it back to the tenant. That tenant is pushing through -- is doing two things in order to be profitable in their business. One is they're trying to push through the inflationary costs that are obviously 35% higher than they were pre-COVID. So they're trying to push that through. The more successful they are, the more willing they are to be able to pay more rent. I have an obvious thing there. What's a little less obvious is the work that they're doing on their margins to try to make their businesses more efficient so that even to the extent they're unable to push all the cost increases through, they're trying to increase their profitability. That goes into what they're willing to do for space. So if you take a tenant that is having success with the consumer and you take a lack of choices that that tenant has as to where they're able to move, that's where you can get some pretty good-sized rent increases. Importantly in that absolutely is the contractual bump. And I know you hear us say it every single day, but we have to say it every single day because it's an important part of the economics. So I don't know that I have a percentage for you. When you see us able to move overall tenant increases to 10% from the new stuff versus the last year of what was in there, on top of those bumps, let me tell you, that's really strong. That's worth 23% with a, on a straight line basis. So I don't see that changing over the next 12 to 14 months. And that's where I think you should expect us.
Donald Wood: No, of course, Tayo, it's a very fair question. And what you're going to hear is an opinion because I have no inside knowledge of it. But when you sit and you think about, looking forward at the demand for retail space over the next five years, I think you should feel pretty good about that. I think Blackstone feels pretty good about that or there wouldn't be negotiations that way. I think that is all about the not only the supply demand characteristics that we've all been talking about here, but also the valuations and the choices in other sectors, which are not as robust as maybe they were over the last couple of years. So when you put all that together, it doesn't surprise me. There are whatever we've got, 17 companies in the shopping center index or something like that. Many of them are smaller companies. I think you should always expect that to -- companies like that to be under pressure of sale. Now, whether those deals happen or not, we'll have to see. But I've never thought of Blackstone as being a company that really stretched. So I suspect they see a lot of value there.
Dan Gee: Yes, sure. So Juan, the leasing at Santana West with this new AI-based tech company is going to bring us well above 50%. We have letters of intent. We're working back and forth, actually pretty rapidly right now, with about another 70,000 square feet of demand there. We may not be able to sign all of them. We'll see. But I would think that we'll start to get pretty well leased up by the end of the year, beginning of the first quarter of next year. So seeing pretty good activity. Smaller tenants, we're breaking floors. And that's where we're seeing really, really strong demand. And no update whatsoever on Cisco or Splunk or what their plans are. At least still a ways off. And we'll have to see what comes with that.
Dan Gee: Yes, look, I think that we outline on our guidance page, I think all the different factors that can get us to the upper end and the lower end. I think occupancy is a big driver to get us towards the top of the range. I think other things that are on there, whether it be other revenue, whether it be parking or percentage rent, are probably kind of more middle of the road in terms of what our expectations have been this year so far. Term fees will lag based upon where we are this year because tenants candidly really don't want to get space back. So that's going to be end up coming in probably closer to the bottom of our range, given where we sit today. And I think we also look, we have a very conservative approach to revenue recognition in terms of, and some of it's just timing. Timing of when cash basis tenants pay, and that can cause some swings between quarters and so forth. So that's part of it. And it's also, I think, a big driver of getting us to the top of the range again is really, how successful we can be in continuing to get tenants open on time or ahead of time and beating our rent commencement dates. It's going to be critical from that perspective. And then to a certain degree is how many, we do have some floating rate exposure to get us further up is, are we, do we have one, do we have two, do we have three rate cuts? I mean, I think that's probably more going to be more impactful next year. But also that's a little bit of a swing.
Dan Gee: Yes, Linda, just to make that really clear, I think the biggest thing there is the -- what a tenant and what we as a landlord are willing to do to be able to get that tenant in the space and operating. Whether that means hanging on to an AC unit that you would have wanted replaced ideally. Nah, let's give that five years and let's see how that goes. Whether it looks at -- whether it works on a storefront that a tenant particularly wants that we'll put a limit on and so they'll pick up the incremental cost of a particular storefront they get in. Things like that. What it is a willingness to work together because of the heavy supply demand where we are in demand supply of the space to accept space differently than they were before.
Dan Gee: That's still the same 70 to 90 basis points we had originally. And that's kind of outlined in our guidance and in the prepared remarks. I don't think we're shifting it around. We ended up in the first half of the year in the lower end of that range. And hopefully we can remain in that lower end of that range. And that's reflected in the same store outlook.
Wendy Seher: Yes, Greg, it's Wendy. We are not seeing that diminish in any way the leasing demand that we're seeing over our various different product types. So I think if you look at the tenants that are in our portfolio, that lower end tenant that's sensitive, whether it's Dollar Tree or Party City or some of the, those tenants that are even McDonald's as they just came out with some varied reports on the consumer and their impact on that lower end consumer. So we are not seeing that. In fact, we were having discussions with Starbucks the other day. And they've had some mixed results that you saw come out. And I was looking at all of our 40 some locations that we have with them. And we're not seeing any impact on their sales because our demographic in our markets is more of that affluent upper end demographic. So there is some fatigue showing in the $6 latte, but not so much in our markets.
Wendy Seher: Yes, I think in terms of categories, it's still pretty widespread in terms of what we see, again, in our different property types. So that remains strong. I was looking at sales from the first part of last year to the first part of this year, because when we're looking at what we're concerned about, our sales growing is one metric to look at, and AI is another metric to look at as to who's visiting our shopping centers. There's multiple points to kind of check the health and the productivity of our tenants. So I was looking, for example, fast casual restaurants is booming with us. And I think maybe what we're seeing is there's just more options out there. That's a big category that we've been focused on in many of our properties. Whole price apparel is doing quite well. Specialty foods are doing quite well. So those, all those and anything health and beauty related off the charts. So anything in those categories, they're growing like an 8% to 12% per year. And so when those sales are growing, we're still being able to push those rents. So, and that doesn't even get into with some of the retailers. Sales is one metric and that e-commerce distribution is another metric that we don't always have full eyes on that can be quite productive from a retailer perspective.
Wendy Seher: But I think the only thing that I would add to that would be the different components of that contract, whether it be options, whether it be increases, whether it be control rights, exclusivity, there's so many components that really hasn't changed with this high demand that we're going after them any differently than we've always treated them, which is every component is separate and every component needs to make sense on that particular aspect. So I would say we are having some success in getting some more flexibility on options, for example, which we don't like options. We just don't. And so we rarely give them if there's a, if we have to, and if there's a, you know, a capital allocation that's heavy from the tenant, we have to, we'll try to see if we can do it at a fair market value with a base and try, maybe we've done several, many actually, where you tie it to a sales volume that they can't exercise it unless they're reaching a certain level of production within the center. So yes, we are diving deep into all those like we always do and having more success. And it's a balanced approach, right? We're doing a lot of business with these national and regional tenants, so we want to make sure that we have a balanced approach.
Wendy Seher: I guess I will start with the anchors. Many of these anchors we have longstanding relationships with and they're eager to figure out how to make more deals. So it's not -- we're getting into the details of the space and really digging deep and they're getting creative on how they'll take that space. So -- and what condition that space needs to be in. So that speaks to the demand and the quality of the real estate. On the smaller shops, we have probably the most ability to influence that conversation. So yes, we are using that to maximum. And we also want to understand how much capital they're putting into the space as well. So many discussions and having some good progress.
