Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, Kevin. I want to close by saying once again how proud I am of everything our system has accomplished and continues to do amidst such difficult circumstances. If last year was about defining who we are, what we stand for and where we're going this year is about execution and how we're going to get there. Every year we check in with our staff to get their feedback on the work that's happening. In our latest survey results received last week almost 90% of employees expressed strong confidence in our business. And just as importantly they agreed that we were abiding by each of our core values. And just a few weeks ago, we held our Annual Leadership Summit virtually bringing together, our top 50 field and corporate leaders. Across each of our markets and amongst this leadership group, there were strong alignment against our Accelerating the Arches strategy and universal recognition that our continued success depends on great execution. Back in November, at our Investor Day, I said that distinctions between the corporate brand and the consumer brand are blurry. They are now two sides of the same coin and you can't build an inclusive family focus global consumer brand like McDonald's unless the corporations actions give evidence to those attributes. That's why in February we said 5 and 10-year goals for increasing diversity and leadership across our Corporation. Research has shown that businesses that prioritize DEI, recruit and retain stronger talent unlock greater innovative potential and bolster financial performance. And we are committed to making measurable progress in disclosing representation data to hold ourselves accountable for results by tying a portion of executive compensation to making progress in this area. Earlier this month, we also shared global brand standards, designed to reinforce a culture of safety and inclusion. We want, employees and customers to feel safe and protected and it's critically important to be clear that violence harassment and discrimination of any kind is not tolerated. All 39,000 McDonald's restaurants across the globe including company owned and franchise locations will be required to uphold these standards. We're continuing to put resources and tools in place to help restaurants implement these changes and ensured these standards are met. Beginning in January 2022 restaurant will be assessed in accordance with the applicable McDonald's market business evaluation processes. We understand that the way we show up in our communities and for stakeholders impacts the way customers see us and their trust in us. We have to make sure our values of the lived experience of everyone who interacts with our brand. We've seen powerful examples of service and dedication on display across the McDonald's system during the most difficult year we've ever experienced. Around the world, our people have embodied the belief that we must all pitch in and help one another. They take pride in that and they should. While we all remain hopeful that this will be a year when life begins to return to some version of normal. We know the operating environment remains volatile. We expect that there will be stops and starts that impact results, but as we see even during the most difficult moments last year, delicious feel-good moments for McDonald's remain high in demand. We will continue to lean forward and make bold bets in our future. I believe more strongly than ever. As I said in November that this is the start of something new for McDonald's. As we continue to Accelerate the Arches lead with our values and serve our customers and communities, I look forward to seeing with the McFamily can accomplish in the months ahead. And I look forward to seeing our global system come together in person next April in Orlando, for our Global 2022 worldwide convention. And with that, we'll begin Q&A.
Chris Kempczinski: Hi, John, it's Chris. Good morning. And I think on the European market to start with, it's difficult to talk about it as sort of one single market. I think you have to break it into kind of the - each of the big markets there. And it varies in the case of the UK, we're seeing the UK consumer is quite strong, that business is performing well. Markets that are heavily tourist dependent, however, like Spain, Italy, France, those markets are struggling and so I think for us, part of what we believe is that this summer we do think that many of the European markets are going to start opening up, there has been some commentary about perhaps a vaccine passport that allows for travel within the European market, that I think will have a big impact and help on stimulating those markets that maybe have had a little bit more of a headwind. And then I think for us the key is about also getting the dining rooms open, our dining rooms are closed in about 50% of our restaurants in Europe, as you know, dining rooms for dine-in is a big part of our European business, and so getting those open I think will be another important step for us in getting momentum back into the European business, but from a consumer standpoint in terms of just the outlook, I think it's probably best described as being concerned about an anxious about many of the things that are coming with COVID. But I think also there is pent-up demand that we've seen. When we do - when we are able to get a market open or even last year when we had some re-openings that then resulted in closures, not too long thereafter, the second and third wave came about, that there is nothing that gives us any concern that as we reopen that we're going to see the same pent-up demand come back and get the European business moving forward.
Chris Kempczinski: So why don't we have Joe talk about kind of what we're seeing right now and then Kevin can touch a little bit on what's in the guidance.
Chris Kempczinski: Hey, Eric. Well, I think you have accurately characterized what we're seeing in the US right now, it's definitely a very tight labor market that's putting pressure on both us and our franchisees. I think one of the things that we are thinking about and I'll have Joe talked about it is in our company-owned restaurants, how do we think about what is the pay and benefits package need to look like for us to make sure that we're able to get the people that we need and then - Joe can also talk about how franchisees are addressing that.
Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, Andrew. We'll certainly what we are - what we embarked on in the US, several years ago drew a lot on the learnings that we had seen in our European or IOM markets and a key feature of that was the EOTF program. I think the fact that we've been able to get almost all of our restaurants to be remodeled and have that sort of be big reinvestment cycle behind us, that's a huge positive. I think the fact that we're seeing now 2019 was a record cash flow year for franchisees, 2020 is a record cash flow year for franchisees and 2021 will be a record cash flow year for franchisees. I think that ability to have just franchisees with the firepower is something that we've seen in our European markets and then you're starting - we're starting to see the brand in the US really improve and move and that has been through a lot of the hard work the Joe and the team have done along with how our franchisees bring the brand to life every day in the restaurant, and I think when you see a stronger improving brand performance, that was the hallmark of our success in Europe and we're seeing that now starting to gain some traction in the US. So, certainly we're optimistic and hopeful that what we saw that playbook in Europe will translate over in the US and we've got a few years of momentum under our belt that gives us confidence in that. Joe, I don't know if you have anything else to add.
Chris Kempczinski: There's no question that the results out of our tests in New England and Phoenix have been incredibly positive the operators in those markets loved what loyalty is doing our customers love what loyalty is doing and I think our restaurant teams have really taken to it as well. We're very confident in the business case and we think about the impact that this could have on the US business, where 85%+ of the US population actually comes to McDonald's at least one time a year. And so if loyalty can build frequency given the base that we have of customers in the US. This is just a tremendous unlock for us relative to the operations operational impact there, it is having a modest impact in our drive thru's, we've trained our people really well, the training, it's actually happening, it's really around the customer side, and it's the order taking time to slightly up, but we will be seeing benefits in the cash taking time as a result of this as we come more digitally penetrated system. I think that the momentum in the system is going to build in the coming months as we set up for our launch later this summer. Dave, I would just add, we wouldn't be doing this globally, if we didn't think there was going to be an incremental benefit to loyalty, we're not at this point quantifying that, but certainly our thesis is that there is going to be an incremental benefit that we get out of loyalty about the identification at the drive through quarter point, we're not there yet, but I think it's safe to say that we've got a number of ideas on how we're going to be able to make that happen and that's part of our rollout plan over the next couple of years. So, I think you can safely expect that we're going to get a solution, it may not be the same solution everywhere, but we'll have solutions in place that allow us to get faster at identifying the customer at the order point, Kevin, what are you going to say.
Chris Kempczinski: Joe, why don't you cover the market share gains and what we're seeing in the US and then Kevin, you can talk about just our investment levels there and how we think about that.
Chris Kempczinski: And the survey result. So, that was a global survey of all company employees. So, we had, I forget how many people actually reply. But we had - we were really pleased with the take-up rate on that and that again was global, I think things that we were most pleased about the overall optimism that exists around the world for our business outlook was certainly something that was a positive for us. The second is, we were - we went in and we had individual questions about our performance against each of the five values that I outlined. We saw very strong performance both in absolute, but also a year-over-year growth in those as well. So I was positive on that I think the opportunity for us that I've talked about and that we're working on is doing more to create a culture where people feel comfortable challenging debating speaking up, we have opportunities there and that's from a culture standpoint, something that my senior leadership team and I are working on.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes, Brian. I'll take that question. Yes, one of the things I think I talked about in my script was that while we are below historical levels, as you said, that is really a result of certain markets not being - not having the sales levels back to pre-COVID to your point. The markets that are at pre-COVID levels and have been able to continue growing sales are able to continue growing margin similar to how they were pre-COVID. So, to us it is a - I'll say a matter of time to a certain extent, we expect as restrictions ease, as curfews go away and we're able to reopen dining rooms, those are the biggest things that need to happen, specifically in a few of our large markets like France and Germany for example. But there isn't anything structural that is preventing us from getting back to our historical levels of company operated margins in those and we are experiencing those types of margins in the markets that have already gotten back to those sales levels.
Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, John. I think on the ticket, we have seen in a number of markets that have been able to kind of weather the pandemic, Australia been one that has done particularly well through that, but Japan another one that ticket levels do stay elevated, I think a big function of this becomes to what degree does the channel mix revert back to what we saw pre-pandemic or stay elevated, so to degree that you see delivery remain an elevated part of the ticket to the degree that you see drive-thru continue to outperform those are going to have a positive impact on ticket and it's somewhat negative impact on traffic, just because of the bundled nature of those channels. So, I think it's difficult to say broadly, how that's going to play out, but we are seeing overall that some of the changes that happen with consumers through this pandemic like doing more delivery like going through drive-thru that those we expect are going to be enduring, so I think it's probably fair to say that ticket is going to be a driver for us coming out of the pandemic. Joe, why don't that you talk about the Chicken Sandwich in the US.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. Well, so I think one of the things that we were delighted to see with our first Famous order and Travis Scott was just the huge digital uptake that drove on the business. Joe might know the exact number of downloads that we saw in the US, but I mean it was a phenomenal driver of digital engagement for us in the platform and going forward I think for us that's continuing to use Famous Orders as a way to drive digital engagement, the consumer that it was drawn to these sorts of celebrities is inherently a digital first consumer and so it's natural that they're going to want to interface and interact with our brand in a digital first manner. So, that going forward it is going to be a key part of our strategy. And on social media, I think you've seen - we have gotten I think a little bit more nimble and consumer-centric in our social media approach it doesn't read any more like a corporate website. that's being populated maybe by the CEO, it's actually being written by people with the sense of humor and that - fun to, so listen to which is what our brand is about, I mean our brand is meant to be an engaging, fun, useful brand and so having voices that are running our social media campaign on a day-to-day basis, I think you're seeing the benefit of that. And I think for us it's about making sure though that we also do it in a way that feels authentic to McDonald's. I think some of the others out there maybe like to hear a little bit more into the snarky territory, we try to be a brand that leads with a really positive message and is one focused on McDonald's and we're seeing great engagement from that. So, I appreciate you mentioning that and I promise I will stay off social media with the corporate website.
Joe Erlinger: Thanks, David and thanks for the question. Relative to the stimulus checks, there is no question that it did benefit our business. But I think as I shared in my prepared comments, the positivity that we saw in the first quarter was way beyond just stimulus checks, was that accumulation of all the things that we've done over the last 12 months that's put us in a very strong position. I think you can also argue that the stimulus checks are now wearing off generally, but we're seeing continued momentum in our business. And as Kevin said, we expect our second quarter two-year stack to be roughly the same as our first quarter stack.
Joe Erlinger: Yes, thanks, thanks for the question. I mean there is no question that as you think back to the initial onset of the pandemic, there was a surge in off-premise dining and we were set up incredibly well, given the investments that we've made historically in digital delivery and drive thru, within the US business to succeed in that environment and that's exactly, obviously what we've done. Beyond that, though, obviously we've made some great investments in chicken, great investments in the core, that have begun to really set us up well for the future and we continue to have our prowess around value. As you begin to look forward, we think there is no question that the consumer is going to want to come back into dining rooms, Chris has already mentioned it in Europe, but we think it's the case in the US as well. So, we will continue to open our dining rooms. But we want to do it in a way that really that really drive sales and making an event almost as we reopened our dining rooms, because it was 90%+ of our business, being through the drive thru if we can - if we can sustain that and return our dining rooms and take away to levels that they were pre-pandemic we've set ourselves up for a very good run here.  In terms of parallels between the US business, other successful markets overseas, it's never one lever, Dennis, it's always a combination of things that are put together in concert such that you're not dependent upon the next promotion or the next deal that you do and this is this idea underlying baseline momentum and so, we're feeling the benefits of that underlying baseline momentum in the US, that I saw in many international markets as they set themselves up for multi-year runs and I think that's where we are.
Joe Erlinger: Yes, thanks. Thanks, Chris and Eric. Thanks for the question. Yes, about 2 weeks ago, we actually came together on a system webcast, because obviously across 14,000 restaurants and nearly 2000 franchisees while there might be some general struggles, there are also some specific best practices in specific areas where we are succeeding. And so there were opportunities for our franchisees to talk to their fellow franchisees about the things that they're doing that are yielding success and that's always been one of the hallmarks of our system and we can take a best practice from one restaurant and try to get it to all restaurants, it yields real benefits. Interestingly, we are faring a bit better in our company-owned restaurants, as Chris mentioned, we have higher crew sizes overall than the average franchisee. We recognize that we need to continue to stay a little bit ahead of things on this on this topic. And so we're working through what some changes in our company owned restaurants might look like from a wages and compensation perspective. We think the external environment is right to do this, we think the internal environment is also right to do this and we think it's actually a great business decision for us.
Joe Erlinger: I think you've captured it incredibly well that certainly was my experience overseas, when you make those right investments and then you will continually tap into them whether it be that the strength of your modern or whether it'd be that the digital experience or whether it'd be your improvements in menu, these things all work in combination together a consensual that multi-year run.
Joe Erlinger: Yes. Relative to market share, especially on traffic. It's proven very challenging to read exactly what's going on within the industry, because you're seeing shifts of all kind, there was still early in the pandemic, the shift away from the breakfast daypart in toward the dinner daypart. You've also seen obviously, a substantial increase in average check as you have more people per transaction or actually eating off of that off of that transaction. We feel very good about our competitive position and where we are relative to our, our key competitors. And when we look at our own two-year comp stack and the fact that we're putting up the kind of growth numbers, we are up versus 2019. We feel good about our position. And I'll let Kevin talk specifically about some of the tech investments. But when you think about your McDonald's USA having digital sales of 1.5 - almost 1.5 billion in the first quarter and the fact we've got 20 billion active app users. I think we feel really good about the way we've set up in the US ourselves to really benefit from these investments and to make these multi-year gains, I've talked about.
Joe Erlinger: Thanks, Nicole for the question. Relative to the franchise profile. It hasn't dramatically changed in the last year or two. Several years back, though, we did begin to make a move towards having fewer and larger franchisees and that trend roughly continues, but not nearly at the pace that it was happening three to five years ago, there is a substantial number of second and our third-generation franchisees as I've returned to the US business, 18 months ago. I really have been struck by the number of second and third generation franchisees that do now exist within the McDonald's system. Obviously, it's a hallmark of our brand and what we've been in the past. I'll let Chris answer that.
Joe Erlinger: Sure, thanks Chris for the question. We turned to positive in the breakfast daypart back in the third quarter, I believe and since then, we've been positive. So it wasn't all a lap of the above the pandemic negatives at the breakfast daypart. And obviously part of that is because of our historical strength in this daypart. Part of that is because the importance of drive-thru speed especially at breakfast is important and part of that is some of the menu item moves we've made around offering McCafe Bakery, I think I've also set us up well for the breakfast daypart. We're acutely focused on this daypart because we believe that certainly as some consumer habits return to pre-pandemic ways of life that breakfast daypart will continue to come back and similar to the way that it was a real market share gain - market share battle pre-pandemic, we think that market share battle will absolutely continue and we're ready and prepared for that.
Joe Erlinger: Yes, I feel very confident about this Chicken Sandwich I know and I actually acknowledge, John, that we've had many in's and out's chicken sandwiches over the years, but I think we did our research we really grounded ourselves in the consumer on this one at a very significant way. I also think that we've done a good job of tapping more significantly into trends with our spicy offering as part of the chicken line and I think you're increasing focus on multi-cultural use also is contributing to our success here. Whenever you launch a product at McDonald's you launch and then you have a decay curve and I feel very confident about this because the decay curve on our Chicken Sandwich is dramatically different than what we've seen in past years. We're two months past the initial launch of late February, and we still feel really good about the volume and movement that we're seeing.
Joe Erlinger: If I could just add one thing on the digital consumer, the US business has never had a significant challenge of attracting a digital consumer, our challenge has been around retaining them. And I think that we have been much more purposeful in all of our retention and lifecycle management efforts, actually leading up to the Travis Scott meal initially because we knew that there would be a big surge in interest digitally around McDonald's because of that, and those retention efforts have really borne significant fruit and we've utilized those same retention efforts for our holiday promotions as well as for J Balvin and we'll be doing the same as BTS comes here. And then naturally as we, as we flow into loyalty, we will naturally have a greater opportunity for retention via my McDonald's rewards.
Kevin Ozan: I wasn't going to say much more other than - I think going forward to Joe's point I think consumers in the US still are fairly healthy, it's certainly helpful for us obviously when they've got money in their pockets and stimulus definitely helped in the first quarter, but we are seeing when we do reopen dining rooms, even in the US that consumers are ready to come back to visit in the dining rooms and have some money to spend. And so, I don't think we have a big concern right now about consumer ability to be able to spend.
Kevin Ozan: The only thing I'd add is we have been working on our kind of underlying tech stack around the world over the last couple of years. So, one of the things that that facilitates is at the same time we're piloting this loyalty program in the US here we're also piloting in Germany also and we intend to roll out the loyalty program in Germany and Canada by the end of this year also. That's an addition to some countries that already have a loyalty program like France in China for example.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, I guess the only thing I'd add, we certainly benchmark our tech spend against peers looking at how much we spend as a percent of revenue, et cetera and generally are favorable, and a lot of those types of metrics. But as Joe talked about and the way we think about it is, you're not going to directly relate every years of tax spend to that year's specific sales of some of the investments we've made over the last couple of years are facilitating us being able to go put in loyalty in the US right now and being able to do it in Germany at the same time and being able to roll it out in several markets' kind of simultaneously or in a similar timeframe. So, part of the kind of catch-up that we needed to do over the last couple of years, was to get a common tech stack across our globe so that now we're able to move at a quicker pace as we have new things like loyalty and deploy them in several markets and a relatively shorter timeframe.
Kevin Ozan: The only thing I would just add on that that Joe has talked about in the past and I completely agree is when we think about chicken. It's a holistic strategy, so it's not just going to be predicated on one sandwich, we've got a very strong nuggets platform, we have McChicken and so one of the things that Joe and the team did, I think we're really well in the US is leveraging the other aspects of our chicken portfolio, we had nuggets that ran in front of the Chicken Sandwich launch and using sort of everything in our arsenal there to drive Chicken, as it's going to be one of the things that I think is different this time. I think the other is a very good alignment that Joe and the team have been able to drive with our franchisees on sustained support for this. This is not sort of one of those put a bunch of media weight against it for a quarter, and then move onto the next thing, I think there is broad understanding in alignment that this has to be supported over a longer period of time. And so, certainly from my vantage point. Those are two things that give me confidence about what we're seeing in the US.
