Mary Kay Shaw: Thank you. Hello everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on the call today, our Chief Executive Officer Jim Skinner, Chief Financial Officer Pete Bensen, and joining us for Q&A, President and Chief Operating Officer, Don Thompson. Today's conference call is being webcast live and recorded for replay via phone webcast and podcast. Before I turn it over to Jim, I want to remind everyone that as always forward–looking statements in our earnings release in 8–K filing also applies to our comments. Those documents are available on www.investor.mcdonalds.com. As our reconciliations of any non–GAAP financial measures mentioned on today's call with the corresponding GAAP measures, and now I'll turn it over to Jim.
Mary Kay Shaw: Thanks Pete. I will now open the call for analyst and investor questions. (Operator Instructions). First question is from David Palmer at UBS.
Mary Kay Shaw: Thank you. The next question is from Steve West, Stifel Nicolaus.Matt Van Vliet – Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. Hi, it's actually Matt Van Vliet on for Steve, but I had a question on the status of the McCafé expansion in Europe and if you're still seeing the same pretty strong sales lifts of those units as that goes in. So just any color on that would be great.
Mary Kay Shaw: Okay, great, looks like we are out of questions. So, thanks I'll go ahead and turn it over to Jim for some closing comments.
Jim Skinner: Well good morning David. This is Jim. We have seen a little bit of a fall off in the check because of the way we've been presenting the menus to our consumers particularly around breakfast, but we do see some potential for this down, upside down the road. But you're right. We're not going to get through pricing. We're still holding the lining on pricing, but through some of our initiatives were on the menu. Many Don can talk a little about what that looks like.
Jim Skinner: And David, specifically for Europe, guest count accounted for about 50% of the comp growth there. So we saw the balance as you heard in some of the remarks. We had a lot of success with premium products and more full margin products. So, we had a nice balance of check in, their traffic growth there in Europe.
Jim Skinner: David, this is Jim. I think that the consumer is starting to feel a little bit better. If you see consumer confidence, score is getter better over the last couple of months. We see a little more spending in the market place and yet the stubborn unemployment being at 9.7% is still as a factor I think relative to that overall spending in that confidence. I don't believe that the spending levels are going to get back to pre–recession until people have some confidence over the fact they are going to have a place to go to work and put food on the table at home or away from home. I think that's going to continue to be an issue, and I believe that the results that we are achieving are result of our strategies around the value orientation of our menu. It is absolutely continuing to be the most important thing relative to our customers, and that is everyday affordability and yet of course we continue to grow guest counts during this very difficult time, and have opportunity for them to partake of value across the menu even in our premium sandwiches. So, I think it's as much our strategies as it is the confidence of the QSR consumer.
Jim Skinner: Yes. Jeff, Don just back from Asia. So, he is our resident expert on what they are doing over there.
Jim Skinner: Yes, thanks Mitch. This is Jim. I'll start with healthcare and then Don can fill you in on where we are with beverages. First of all as you all know, this is going to be implemented and mandated in 2014. So we've got a few years here to figure out what that direct impact might be to us. We're a federation of small businesses as franchisees as you all know, as I just mentioned and the impacts are going to vary across those franchisees. There are so many moving parts now. When you do the math its difficult to figure out exactly where it might settle because we're just into the implementation process now. It will vary by the number of employees that are full time for each franchisee. And then the bill of course, we have some things in it that have been beneficial for us, where there's a 90 day waiting period before our employers are required to enroll employees which is very important for us because sometimes it takes 90 days for us to realize whether or not a person is going to be a full time employee for us or whether they wouldn't be a full time employee for us. So that will be helpful in the overall invitation. And yet we have taken a shot at the math like a lot of other people and we think in the U.S it might be $10,000 to $30,000 per store. So it will be determined. We don’t really have it sorted out yet. I don’t think anybody really does. Relative to the corporate level, there is really going to be minimal impact for us. You've seen other companies come on who have legacy costs because of retiring health benefits. We don’t have that problem. We have about 100 retirees that are in our program. They pay full premium including prescription rebates and so we don’t have that legacy problem and therefore you wont be seeing any negative impact relative to the overall corporate coffers if you will relative to our overall situation, which is a very good thing. We really are structured in a way with our 401(k)s and our profit sharing and all the other kinds of things. We don't have any of those legacy issues that many companies have and we're very fortunate.
Jim Skinner: Pretty much I think. Right now Germany has a tremendous amount of McCafé's that have built down in Europe. Our sales performance there is strong. We are containing the McCafé build out. France has quite a few McCafé's built out. Also France as you know has a tremendous amount of our restaurants that have been re–imaged from an interior perspective and now France is doing the exterior in 2010. The rest of Europe, as we continue to move forward with both interior and exterior re–images were appropriate. We will look at the McCafé expansion as well. McCafé is a different occasion in Europe than it is in the U.S. It is a sit down based occasion whereas in the U.S. we're able to executive this through drive through and at the front counter, and so we have even more drive through traffic that are benefiting from espresso based drinks in the U.S. than we do in Europe.
Jim Skinner: Well thanks for the question Howard. This is Jim. We stay focused on the future. It's mostly how we manage that and our processes today around the food development protocols and the design studios for food and food news, and food relevance and our innovation labs is a very, very deliberate process with a larger test cell than we've ever had in the history of our company and we don't move forward with anything that is not fully deliberated and collaborated with our franchise is relative to the operating side of the business in their restaurants and we are continued to be aggressive around the development of menu and wouldn't expect that will see any failures along the way.
Jim Skinner: Well, thanks everybody for joining us this morning. In closing, I want to emphasize the continued strength of our global business and reiterate my confidence in our system. Our plan to win is delivering significant sustainable success. These latest results mark our 27th consecutive quarter of comparable sales growth. As I have experienced at this weeks Convention, our alignment and plans to deliver a great experience for our customers well into the future is strong and clear. With our entire system aligned and focused I'm confident that we'll continue to satisfy and delight our 60 million customers every day and I'm confident that our best is still yet to come for our system and our shareholders. Thank you so much.
Don Thompson: Hey David. One of the things that's really great this year is we're seeing an even larger percentage of our sales growth, sales growth is really attributed to guest count growth and particularly to Jim's point, in markets such as the U.S. or Canada when you implement some of the breakfast value pieces that have been implemented, then those things will hit the average check a little bit more. However, the guest counts that we're diving are really tremendous and far exceed any kind of a breakeven. So, when we look at it overall we're really looking, finally I guess you would say as a guest count growth and that's what the focus is.
Don Thompson: Greg, this is Don. The other thing to Pete's point, we didn’t wait until the commodities had continued to decline. We implemented breakfast value in the U.S. earlier, McSnack Wrap early to beep up the mid–tier and we did those things also at the same time that we had implemented the Angus burger for margin and profitability last year and now Frappes and Smoothies coming forward. So we've had a good mix relative to bringing in the guest counts and then trying to take advantage of that relative to some additional margin growth.
Don Thompson: Hi Jeff. The actually great, great visit to I was in China, Japan here recently, specific to drive through and actually I'll talk a little broader about the development strategy in China first. The one thing that that we are really focused on to your point is beginning to expand drive through, but I think we are learning how to do it even more effectively and being able to develop drive through in the outer range as we call it, where you have a little less density and you have a little bit more car traffic coming into the more urban areas and so the drive through part of that focus is great, big focus around the transportation hubs there, tremendous amount of density and the potential growth to continue to grow the business, and so the combination of those two things really are major part of our strategy and also the building to more free standing restaurants. So, in China, great strategy, we beeped our infrastructure. We are driving stronger margin. We are running better restaurant, some of the lowest customer satisfaction opportunities that we have within the system, which means really great operations and so all of those things are helping us in China and the drive through strategy is continuing. There will be a big growth target for us in China.
Don Thompson: Hey Joe. Right now frappes, we've got them in about 9,000 restaurants and the performance expectations at this point are greater than what we would have thought. The reality of it is we're at unit levels now that we felt we'd see once we actually started the marketing and we haven’t started the marketing launch yet. So frappes are performing well and to your point on smoothies, whether or not we'd be ready for the advertising, yes we will. We've already got smoothies in over 2000 restaurants in the U.S. and so those are performing exceptionally well. This morning, Jim mentioned, we were at the worldwide convention. We had a chance to hear from some of our owner/operators who are executing the smoothies and interestingly enough in Michigan and really out performing based upon their execution in the restaurant and so a lot of excitement in the operator community and we're moving forward very effectively in terms of getting those products into the restaurants.
Don Thompson: You know Jason, in our restaurant level too from an execution perspective, what we decide to promote, it plays a big role. So we've got great value in the restaurants but the ability to again sell an Angus product helps us also in terms of minimizing overall food impact. The product mix does help in Europe, whether it’s the larger lay hamburgers, Reston, Austria, Germany. So we've got some higher margin products as well that support us relative to overall food costs.
Don Thompson: Hi Jeff. Relative to breakfast and the mix in terms of what we're seeing, clearly we are selling more coffee and if you look at the products that are part of that dollar menu its basically a sausage biscuit, a sausage muffin. We've got hash browns in there and then you've got coffee. And then you've got the other products that were already on dollar menu such as a fruit and yogurt parfait. So when you look at it broadly, we're selling more coffee. We're selling more hash browns. We're selling clearly more sandwiches there. You are talking about sandwiches that have a relatively low food and paper cost. So the overall impact is not a large impact from a margin perspective as you can see from the margins that we were able to deliver. So all–in–all we're really pleased. The notion here was to really recapture guest counts and Jim mentioned this earlier. With unemployment at the level it is, our goal was to reach out and pull people out of homes and when you've got food at home still down 2% and you've got food away from home elevated at about 3.5%, we know we can't take a lot of price and so as a result of that, this breakfast menu has been helping us quite a bit to pull people back into the restaurant and we're really happy with the guest count what we're seeing at breakfast.
Don Thompson: On the other question, just relative to coffee and how it's performing? Just a few things. When we started this back a while ago, our share in coffee was really low as you all know and if you looked at an overall share of coffee, we were somewhere around 2% overall. That is more than triple and if you just really broke it down, in terms of brew coffee, we now sell more brew coffee than anyone. That number has been a large growth opportunity for us. If you look at Espresso base, clearly we've more than doubled since the first part of just 2009. We've doubled our espresso base coffees and then clearly in the ice coffee arena, we've had tremendous growth there as well. So, all of the coffee strategies have been intended to really bring in more customers. We talked earlier about the incremental nature of it and about 40 odd percentile of the customers being incremental. That still holds true even as we move into frappes, which is still a coffee based, espresso based drink. So, all of our measures and metrics in terms of coffee have moved in a positive direction substantially.
Don Thompson: Keith, this is Don. I just over in Japan a couple of weeks ago and if you looked at these restaurants, the restaurants were to Pete's point really, really size and physical space constrained. So we couldn’t even put full menus in there. So when we look at being able to, last year we shot a Quarter Pounder across the marketplace. It was really a challenge for us to get the operating platforms beefed up enough so to speak to be able to sell Quarter Pounders and so what we're trying to do is close down some of these that were opened up a lot of these street front type retail, high street type sites that were really not benefiting us at all from an income perspective and we just had a bunch of them that we opened over a short period of time back in the early 2000's and so that's really the goal here, close those down. I will tell you this. On April 25th, we are reopening about 13 restaurants in Tokyo. We're going to open on all of them on the exact same day. They will be the re–imaged restaurants that are going to be very iconic in Japan and that is the future of where we want to go there. We're really excited about it. The Japanese team is excited and we will see that market begin to turn in an even more positive way as a result of what we're doing with development. But we've got to get rid of some of these older constraints within our system.
Don Thompson: All right Larry. I'll give it a shot. We have people working feverishly over here to capture all of that but on the first one, investment level, you asked about the older program versus the newest one. Here is the difference. Before what we did was we had a fixed amount, $85,000 that we contributed toward a re–image when we did the whole re–imaging program. What ended up happening was the franchisees actually invested. We thought the investment would be somewhere around $170,000. To the point that was made earlier and Pete made it, the franchisees ended up spending about $250,000 because they saw other things they wanted to invest in. This time this is not a $6 investment. What we're looking at now is somewhere in the neighborhood of 40 percentile of leasehold improvement. So we're talking physical plant type improvements in the restaurant. Now the reason we're able to do that this time is because we already did have a re–imaging program for the interiors before. If a franchisee did not benefit from that then this time they're going to have to put forth some dollars to be able to do the interior of the restaurant and we have a very small contribution there. But the gist of this is the leasehold improvement and so that’s the different between the older program and the newer one. The other thing is and Pete mentioned it but we should reiterate it again, this time there is a broad range. Some restaurants only need to do the exterior. Others will want to do a full interior exterior, the core package change, signage and M&R around equipment. That’s why you see such a broad range. So, very different investment profile on our end. The next one, speed of service wise, we have not seen speed of service hindrances and the reason we haven’t is if you look at when we implemented the combine beverage solution, the biggest part of that, about 80% of our restaurants did we called a full remodel of the beverage sale. What that meant was that they actually put in a built in additional capacity and a drive through. We had additional equipment. We had better spacing in the drive through. We went from five foot, three boots way out over nine feet in many cases and so when you look at what we did in drive through, we built in additional capacity. So, for some of the products we have now, its really flowing well in the restaurants. We have not seen a decrease in service. As a matter of fact in the U.S. they just posted their best quality, service and cleanliness scores for the month of March historically. So, we're doing real well on that end. Discounting level, we don't really look at this as a discounting level and the reason is because we have consistent value across the year is the reason for breakfast value menu, dollar menu, consistent value across the year which allows us then having set that up in the minds of our customers, they know its consistent. Now we can come in with our promotional activity and talk about frappes or smoothie or Angus. It's really important for us. So we're not jumping in and out of quote–unquote discounting. We have a consistent value message across the year.
Pete Bensen: It's a pretty favorable environment for us. We've probably seen the best quarter of the year in terms of experience here in the first quarter, but we think we're going to continue to see a favorable environment as we move throughout the year and as you mentioned, that's going to allow us to stay a little bit on the sidelines from a pricing perspective while others may not be as situated as we are with the strategies we have in place to mitigate some of those commodity costs, and then it may feel a little more pressure to have to go to the menu board. We feel pretty comfortable where we're at and our ability to focus on growing the guest counts, even delivered pretty good margins in that environment.
Pete Bensen: Hey Joe its Pete. I'll talk about March a little bit and then Don will talk about the extension in the McCafé beverages. March was a real good month for us. We saw sales and guest count growth across all dayparts. That was for the entire month of March and as we mentioned in the remarks, momentum is continuing into April. So we feel pretty good about where we're at and it wasn’t just one or two things. It was broad based across the items that Jim mentioned and specifically, having frappes in 90% of the system by now is certainly a part of it and Don can probably elaborate on the frappes and smoothies.
Pete Bensen: Yes, Jason. We've got an outstanding group of folks that work in our supply chain at McDonald's. They work with some of our risk management people and ultimately though its our independent suppliers that end up making these final decisions but they –– we do a combination of things. We do some fixed price contracts after looking at markets and trying to anticipate what's going to happen, do some forward buying, some auctions and really through some of the long–term relationships are able to negotiate some pretty favorable pricing and its all about for us trying to provide some stability and predictability in the prices. It's important to be able to go to owner/operators and talk about what promotions we're going to be running six or nine months from now and have them feel confident that they have some idea of what the cost of those items are going to be. So, in times like this when you're starting to see maybe the commodity markets take off a little bit, these tactics allow us to mitigate the impact on our margins and our commodity costs. And again there is no one item in our basket of goods that’s more than 15% of our cost of sales. So its spread amongst a broad base of items where we have the opportunity to be as opportunistic as we can.
Pete Bensen: All right John, I’m seriously writing down all your questions here. Let me talk about the remodels a little bit. This is the first time that we've officially given guidance on what those costs are going to be. I know there has been some estimates out there and stuff but the range, we wanted to get across the point that there isn’t going to be -- it's going to be hard to come up with an average remodel when you look across 6,000 restaurants in the U.S. system, varying ages, varying sizes and individual owner/operator decisions that they make in terms of what they want to invest in. So there is going to be the specific items that we know are going to really enhance the brand and there can be other items that an operator may take the opportunity to invest in at the time. So, I was visiting with some owner/operators about a month ago and while they were doing the remodel of both the interior and the exterior, they chose to do a replacement of their HVAC and to basically redo their whole parking lot instead of just reseal it because they knew that was coming up in a couple of years anyway and they take the opportunity to do it right now. So, you are going to see a wide range of spending, but ideally I would like to say the average would be in the middle but that's really hard to say. When you look at the sales lift from these, the fact that we do the combination of the interior and the exterior, we're getting a bigger sales lift than if we just did the interior and this is a lift if you think about the environment we're in John. Sales are strong and we're getting a lift above the general market in addition to that. So, as we look at it and pencil it out, even at some of the higher ends of our contributions and the lower end of the sales increases, we're seeing returns in the low double digits as the first year cash–on–cash return that we know will grow from there. So, we feel pretty confident about that and that the level of investment and the sales expectations will warrant this level of investment. For April, what we said in the release was that we expect April to be at least as strong as the quarter on a global basis. So what we're setting there is a floor saying that it won't be any lower than 4.2 is what our expectation is.
Pete Bensen: Jeffery, I'll just start with the return to shareholders and the franchising relationship. We're at 80% now relative to stores in the hands of the franchisees. Our formal process around that 1,500 we talked to about over three years is basically done and I really don’t see for example us getting to the 90th percentile. I do believe though that where we're at now is kind of where you see it will settle out over time. But what we are doing is we're optimizing the ownership portfolio in every market around the world to make sure that we have that rate relative to our system and how we perform best in our business model and then the shareholder return issue is secondary to that. And then Don, perhaps you can talk a little bit about Jeff's other question.
Pete Bensen: And Mitch, the other nice thing about the beverage strategy and specifically with the frappes and the smoothies that are rolling out, only about 25% of the frappes are sold at breakfast time and about 15% of the smoothies. So, it fits nicely with filling other dayparts when we are trying to drive some traffic into the restaurant.
Pete Bensen: Yes, Keith, it's Pete. Within the equity pickup line there was no real impact from the closures. So I think about 30 restaurants really got closed this quarter of the ones that were announced and while they were of a lower volume and lower return than the average in the market, just getting 30 of them closed this quarter really didn’t have a significant impact. And really as we go forward, we don’t think there is going to be a tremendous impact on the equity and earnings. They weren’t a significant drag. We'll have some, what we call sales transfer as we close these restaurants. So other restaurants in the market will pick up sales and those are the higher performing operations. So we'll see a slight benefit in our earnings from the ongoing operations there in Japan. But the real benefit of doing that was we had these group of restaurants that were constrained for future growth. They weren’t really representative of where the Japanese team wanted to take the brand in the future and so its really more positive going forward about the state in the group of restaurants that we have which ultimately leads to better operating results and performance.
Pete Bensen: Hi, Larry, one other point is the impact of the re–imaging. So our co–investing with our franchises because as Don mentioned those are going to be leasehold improvements. Where you see that show up, it will be in additional depreciation on the franchise margin line.
Pete Bensen: Howard, when Jim and Jim helped us relative to giving us some focus relative to plan and win, one of the things that we first started doing was really reinvesting in the infrastructure and I think there is a big part of that that gets mixed. It's not just about the new products. At one point, we will roll new products without the reinvestment in the infrastructure. So, bridge operating platform in Europe made for you in the U.S. made for you expanding around the globe throughout Japan now. So, when you look at all of those things from an operating platform, they enabled us to better execute when we have additional menu items. The other thing that we are doing is clearly we are much more focused on our ops execution scores, and you inspect what you expect. And as we focus on execution of operations, we have we got much, much better and our customers are telling this day. So all of these kinds of things and making sure that we are not getting ahead of ourselves in marketing and promoting then we have a capability for in terms of operations. The other things that have helped us to execute, but that plan that we have focused that Jim and Jim helped us to fortify in back in the early 2000s is what's helping us today.
