Steve Easterbrook: Yes, thanks, David. No, you are actually spot on. It’s not a 1 year trend. It’s been slightly longer. It is something that dominates our conversations. We plan our business. And certainly, the other operators are very mindful of it as well, particularly here in the U.S. actually. This is all about getting the balance right. I mean, the cash flow growth through 2016 was phenomenal for our U.S. owner operators. And frankly, there never has been a better time to be an owner operator in the McDonald’s system than there is right now. And part of the discussions we are having certainly Chris Kempczinski and his leadership team or the owner operator leaderships is how and where do we reinvest that strength in the business back on behalf of the customers. So I guess two things that you will see more of through the course of this year that we believe we saw the guest count trends. One is around the investment and the experience of the future. So that is something that we have had great success in many of our more mature markets around the world, where we are really investing front of house to put more choice controller in the hands of customers where it’s around how they order, what they order, how they serve, how they pay. So that’s something where we have a great track record around the world and we are looking to deploy that aggressively in the U.S. And then the other piece where we solidify our own value. The McPick menu really does work well for customers, whether it’s the McPick 5 or the McPick the more value end, whether its $2, $2.50, but that alone isn’t winning us the market share fight and the value end. So you will have seen solid this year that we have an aggressive McCafé beverage value offer, which is $1 any size coffee or $2 on the small specialty McCafé beverages. You can expect to see us be more competitive at a value end through the year. I mean, it’s been encouraging in the way that, that has – that has resonated the customers as we have entered the New Year. And our experience when we analyzed the regions that have been most successful around the U.S. the three or four top performing regions over the last year or two are those that have managed to combine the national value platform with the more local, aggressive for those beverage or food let price offers, value and price offers. So we are lifting that learning and I think all the right we were engaged in right conversations and customers will benefit.
Steve Easterbrook: Matt, there is one other thing I would add to that, which is we have – we talk about a very unique business model and relationship with the way that we have with our owner operators around the 20-year franchise and that the mutual benefits in investing together. We are probably – 2016 was probably a peak year actually for some of the co-investment programs that we have been doing hand in hand with our owner operators in most lead markets, where we will put up some of the support to enable them to accelerate some of these investments. Now we are seeing on the top line, we are seeing on our bottom line, so we know it makes sense. And as the lead markets begin to get towards the end of that cycle on this reinvestment, I think this is a chance to focus our attention here on the U.S. which you can expect to see as well.
Steve Easterbrook: So Brian, what we have typically seen around – it’s a very huge question. So I mean if it would seem like an obvious trait. But the reality is what we have seen around the world, the more customers we drive into our restaurants, the greater the top line growth and the greater the cash flow growth. So if that impacts margin percent a little and it may do or actually do the dollar amount or the euro amount or the yen amount on bottom line, both for the company and if the owner/operator improves. It is a delicate balance, 2016 was a – there was a lovely cycle from the cash flow with commodities at an all-time low and probably as aggressive as we would be want to be on pricing. I think we are going to bring – you will see us just bring just carefully bring pricing back more in line with food away from home, which we begin to see now. But the realty is and this is on the new discussion for us in our business. Again, going back to the 20-year franchise agreement, we all know that for the benefit of our owner/operator businesses over the long-term, you are got to be serving our customers more often. So that’s way we return to. But we know we can grow profitably and cash flow can grow alongside that.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes. No. Thank you. Thanks David. Speed of service has declined slightly, it’s handful of seconds slower by the end of ‘16 and we were by the end of ‘15. So I guess there is a number of things we are trying to do. You will hear me talk about or heard me referring the thoughts around net simplification where if we are going to introduce new menu items, new ideas, we got to reduce the complexity by at least, if not more than the same amount. So our operations teams, particularly in the U.S. are deeply focused on that and just simplification isn’t just on the menu, it could be on different operational processes. It could be the use of technology stated on the manual work out of the way, simplifying just the merchandising all the way through training programs in the restaurants and making them more efficient and more effective. So there is a number of different pillars to our simplification efforts. With regard to Experience of the Future, I think this absolutely addresses the speed of service issue in a way that consumers are in control of. So if you wanted to – maybe you enter a restaurant, you are with your family and you want to spend a little more time ordering at the self order kiosks and you want accustom, you can dwell for as long as you want, placing your order, getting it right, enjoying the moment together. And then a plenty of time together just be able to go and sit at the table and we will bring it out to you. If you are wanting that from counter speed of service in a traditional way, effectively I would see that speeding up, because effectively, some of the larger orders will not be there at the front counter and they will just be the more grab and go type customers. So – and simply on the drive through, we – as we develop and continue to invest in technology and we get our order ahead and our order and pay capabilities through the app, better defined by through the course of this year. Then a lot of the elements of the McDonald’s experience that can slow it down, not just for you, but maybe the customer behind you in the line are taken out of it. So, we believe we can have technology to a lot of that heavy lifting and any of the experience be better and the service charge will improve as a result.
Steve Easterbrook: Nicole, it’s just a different perspective on the same question actually. It’s typically clearly we have always been part of the food-away-from-home market. You may have noticed, we have been curious here as to whether there is an opportunity for us to serve the food at home market as well. So, we have initiated very, very early stages to small pilot test down in Florida to see whether home delivery could be something that helps to address consumer demands both at home as well as us making their demand when they are away from home. So, that doesn’t necessarily obviously your pricing equation, but it’s – we are curious as to whether the demand is there for food-at-home is something that we could also play a part in.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes, John, just to tag on any comments you heard me say previously, I am firmly of the belief that we do have sufficient resource given the targets that Kevin outlined. Part of the culture that we are embracing here is to create a higher – a heightened level of competition for those resources. If you have a limited fall of capital and that limited fall of G&A, only the best and biggest ideas get funded, so whether that’s the market level or corporate level. And I was on the receiving end of that when I was a Managing Director back in the UK and you had to fight for your capital. You had to demonstrate you could deliver better returns than the person in the market next to you, not in antagonistic way, but it was a performance-based environment. And as we have heightened accountability across our business, that’s part of it. So I think we don’t see those numbers going back up again. I think there is sufficient resource for us to deliver the great growth that we are filing.
Steve Easterbrook: So, the eating out market, Germany is huge. And we see IEO as modest, very modest growth potential, but a gentle growth potential over the next handful of years. So that push you into a market share and without still having a relatively small percentage of that overall and formal eating out market, there is plenty of customers out there eating out. We just need to fight harder and make sure that we earn the right models to turn our way. So I believe there is guest count growth potential there if we do the right things. With regard to the new restaurants, I don’t know if Kevin has anymore details, but we are typically a net growth company. We have had about 1 or 2 years over the last decade where we have looked to address the portfolio that we have chosen to take a particular project and just deal with the title, the locations, which are no longer appropriate for us. But I don’t see that they have contraction frankly.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes, thanks, Greg. Well, I mean, the quantification is satisfied customers and growth in sales and transactions. So I mean we have got absolutely hard measure expectations, because we are investing significantly in technology as our owner operators. Just to give you some texture here in the U.S, for example, where we have launched the global mobile app launch here in the U.S., we have now had 18 million downloads. We have had over 11 million of those are registered users. And the month of December 2016 saw the greatest contribution to sales by the app that we have seen yet and that has been growing month by month by month. It’s still – it’s noticeable now, but not material. So clearly, our ambition is to make that a material number. Elsewhere around the world, we are testing different elements through technology that we can then put together. So for example, order ahead – order and pay, for example, whether it’s through the internet or through the app, we are testing that. We are testing curbside check-in where if you pull on to the parking lot, you can actually pull up into a dedicated bay where you can just scan your order, we can bring it out to you. Plus also, a lot of the in-restaurant technology, maximizing the consumer benefit of the self-order kiosks. Again, you can just check your pre-order and just scan it at kiosk and sit straight down and get your table service and also to help support and that is around the whole area of CR loyalty where we have a huge opportunity. Again, acknowledging there are others who are further ahead than us, but this is one where you got to get it right. It’s better to be right than to be first to market. And so we are investing a lot of time and effort to best understand what resonates most with customers in terms of appreciating that business and encouraging them more often. But ultimately, at the moment, we are focusing on the experience side, order, pay, curbside check-in, and just making that experience smoother, easier, more convenient and then we’ll start building reward mechanisms into that over time.
Steve Easterbrook: Hey Jason, just add to that, we are confident and we are excited about where we got the business to over the last 2 years. And we are certainly quite excited about the plans we have had, I mean just to be clear, we are planning growth and like-for-like growth in every major market around the world in 2017 and beyond. And we want to share they are the find the best way that we can share that excitement and build the credibility and the confidence in – that you can match our confidence and excitement. So rather just listen to the plan, we thought it would be fun to have you to actually experience the plan. So this will be surely some content, some meaningful content on the table, so this will be an experiential day for you as well. So we can take people through some of the components that we believe are customer driven will drive that guest count growth we talk about drive business growth, drive profitability. But it will be a varied and fun day and something – somewhat unique I think in Investor Day, so I am looking forward to that a lot.
Steve Easterbrook: Thank you, Chris. And given that this is Chris’ last earnings call with McDonald’s, I would like to take a moment to personally acknowledge Chris and the significant role he has played, not only building and leading a first class IR team, but also the trust advisor to Kevin and me. On behalf of everyone at McDonald’s, we bring these words and culture over the years, Chris, thank you very much. We wish you all the best on your new endeavors. And again, thanks to everyone else for joining us this morning. So in closing, I want to reemphasize how encouraged I am by the progress we have made. 2016 was a year of purposeful change. We have built the foundation that’s enabling us to transition from turnaround to longer term growth. We remain focused on the basics of running great restaurants, at the same time, driving operating growth, building brand excitement and enhancing financial value. As a result, we are now in a position to prioritize initiatives will further strengthen our business. We look forward to talking more about our plans in March. As we step up and lead in 2017, I am energized about the opportunities ahead and eager to continue our journey to assert McDonald’s as the global leader of the IEO industry. Thanks to all of you. Have a great day.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, Matt, it’s Kevin. Thanks for the question. You know we generally get pretty good leverage from sums on the franchise margin side as more of those costs obviously are fixed certainly than on the company operated side. A couple of things on the franchise margin and specifically in the International Lead markets, a little piece of that is as we reduce some of our refranchising, we are generally selling lower volume restaurants with potentially lower margins. And so in the near-term, it impacts the franchise margin percent a little bit on the International Lead – on those International Lead markets. And then the other thing that we do see certainly is some of the occupancy costs internationally, specifically some of the leads costs continue to pressure a little bit margins. But the franchise margin certainly more than McOpCo margin is driven by comp sales. They are definitely a top line game. And as long as we can continue to drive positive comp sales, we should be pretty good on those margins being healthy.
Kevin Ozan: Hey, Nicole. Thanks for the question. Yes, we do expect kind of the food at home, I’ll call it deflation to ease or not be as favorable as it was in 2016. The IEO industry is still projected to be relatively muted in 2017. But I think what it does is, as you know, we look at various factors when we look at pricing. We will look at food-away-from-home inflation and food-at-home inflation and competitors to determine the right kind of approach to our pricing. I think it gives us an opportunity to potentially gain some customers back that are right now eating at home. Again, as Steve mentioned early, we do have to be careful on the pricing side with balancing price increases with continuing to grow guest counts. And so we will take a close look to make sure that we don’t get too far ahead on our pricing at the expense of guest counts. But certainly, if grocery store prices continue to rise or our guests favorable in 2016, we view that as a positive for some of our traffic.
Kevin Ozan: Thanks, John. Couple of pieces of that question. One, I would say we are on track certainly with our original plan through 2016, if not potentially a little bit ahead from a timing perspective. We will give a little more update at the investor meeting in March as far as kind of how we think about G&A through 2018 as well as going forward. The one other piece I would say is when we gave that target and we have not changed on this is it’s a net savings target meaning that it contemplates a reinvestment within it. So we are not going to say that we are saving money and then reinvesting it all so that you don’t see kind of a net reduction in G&A. You should expect to see a net reduction in G&A that also incorporates what we need to invest in the business in order to grow.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, Andrew. So, the refranchising is impacted by a couple of things. One, it depends on where we are refranchising obviously, but it also depends on whether we are refranchising individual stores or potentially what I will entire markets kind of the developmental licensee. What you will have seen in 2015 and for a large piece of 2016 is that a lot of the refranchising would be in our markets, in the foundation segment, as well as a little bit in the high growth segment. And a couple of the markets in the International Lead segment, where we are doing more of our conventional franchising, it does get impacted by the mix of stores within every country as well as how far along each country is in their franchising journey, if you will. So, some that have more ways to go, let’s say, may get higher proceeds at the beginning as they are selling some higher volume stores. As they get near the end of their refranchising, they are now selling generally lower volume restaurants and then wouldn’t have the same level of proceeds. So no, you can see relatively swing – relative swings from quarter-to-quarter or from year-to-year depending on the mix of which countries are actually selling the restaurants.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, thanks, Greg. Right now, we are little over halfway through the restaurants are being modernized in the U.S. As you know, we are certainly much farther along in most of the international countries, where we are certainly more modernized and are just now investing in the experience of the future aspects of it. In the U.S, a lot of our restaurants need to have both the experience of the future elements as well as the remodeling perspective. In general, in the U.S., we have seen kind of 5% to 6% sales bumps as we remodel a restaurant or bring it up to modernize standards. That’s relatively consistent around the world. It ranges a little bit. But I would say kind of the 5% to 6% sales above market is a pretty good threshold that we use. And the U.S, you will hear some more plans as we get into our March 1 investor event, but we are planning to continue to modernize the U.S. state over the next few years.
Kevin Ozan: Globally, certainly, you would see several, probably net near the 1,000 restaurants that we have been on track. I will say in the U.S, you wouldn’t see a lot of growth over the next couple of years as we will probably focus most of our investment dollars on the experience of the future and remodeling as we talked about.
Kevin Ozan: Thanks, Jason. Let me start with the G&A. Just to give perspective, the – as most companies do, total incentive comp is higher and lower in any given year depending on the company performance. So you will see in our earnings release, we split out incentive comp, so you can see that phenomenon, if you will. And you will see that in 2015, we incurred a little over $300 million of incentive comp. That was at below targeted performance for us. In 2016, you will see that we have a little over $400 million of incentive comp and that was significantly above target performance for us. So certainly, depending on our performance in a year and that’s generally operating income growth and EPS growth. That line could swing from 1 year to the next. Having said that, a couple of points I want to make, one is, going into 2017 and as you would imagine, we reset that number to 100% as we go into plan every year, not knowing where we will end up obviously. As we go into to 2017, so I mentioned that in 2015, we had over $300 million, and that was at a below target performance. Going into 2017, our plan at 100%, total incentive comp will be less than $300 million. So we are saving some incentive comp on our base plan because we have less people obviously. Second, the other thing I just want to make sure that everyone is focused on is, our focus is really on growing operating margin. And that you know while we are focused on saving G&A and making sure we are efficient, I am not 100% certain that everyone in the industry classifies all the costs exactly in the same line item within a P&L. And so we are focused on operating margin because that’s kind of the bottom line of how efficient are you at bringing your total revenues down at the bottom line. So just wanted to make those a few points related to the G&A. And then the operating margin as I mentioned, we grew that substantially in 2016 from 28.1% to 31.5%. Related to the March 1, Investor Event, there will be a few components of it. One, we will talk about 2017 guidance. As Chris mentioned, we normally have an outlook section that gives you 2017 guidance in there. We didn’t have that in there this time, because we thought we could give you half the sorry without all the context. So it would be easier to do this all at once on March 1. And so part of what it will be 2017 outlook if you will. But it also be talking about our longer term strategies and long-term financial targets and how we expect to get there. And so that’s where a chunk of the time will be spent on March 1 at that Investor Event.
