Kevin Ozan: We head into 2020 from a position of strength. The Velocity Growth Plan has resulted in strong operating performance over the past several years reinforcing confidence in our ability to deliver long-term sustainable results. I want to take a minute to walk through some of our financial expectations for 2020. We anticipate that we will host an Investor Day this year to provide an update on the business and longer term expectations. With our efficient business model in 2020, we expect to continue achieving an operating margin in the mid 40s range which includes the following: higher depreciation expense of about $80 million versus 2019 related to EOTF in the U.S., with the vast majority in franchise margins. With most of our major refranchising effects complete, we expect gains on restaurant sales in 2020 to be roughly half of the amount in 2019 with most of the gains in the second half of the year. And as we have become more efficient with G&A required to run the business over the last few years, we have invested in areas that are already contributing to business performance and that we believe will continue to accelerate growth, including technology and research and development. As a result, we expect full year 2020 G&A to increase 5% to 7% in constant currencies due to these investments. This includes full year operating costs associated with the 2019 acquisitions of Dynamic Yield and Apprente, R&D spend and costs related to our Biennial Worldwide Convention. We expect G&A percentage increases will be significantly higher in the first half of the year than the second half of the year. We also expect our annual tax rate will be 23% to 25%. Finally, based on current exchange rates, we anticipate currency translation will negatively impact EPS by $0.01 to $0.03 in the first quarter and a similar amount for the full year. As usual, this is directional guidance only as rates will change as we move through the year. Moving on to capital, we ended 2019 with capital expenditures of $2.4 billion in line with our expectations. As we have previously indicated, in 2020, we expect to spend a similar amount. About half of the total capital will be dedicated to the U.S., including the completion of roughly 1,800 EOTF projects. Restaurant development also continues to be an important driver of our growth equation. We plan to open about 1,400 new restaurants this year substantially all in markets outside the U.S. We will spend approximately $800 million of our capital to open about 400 restaurants in our wholly owned markets and our developmental licensees and affiliates will spend their capital for the remaining openings, of which over 450 are planned in China. So, while we expect total capital this year will be similar to 2019, we have shifted about $200 million from reinvestment to new restaurants, which are higher returning investments. As we enter 2020, I am confident that we are well positioned to deliver sustained, long-term profitable growth for the system and our shareholders. Now I will turn back to Chris to close.
Kevin Ozan: And then regarding kind of quantifying the Dynamic Yield lift, we generally don’t quantify specific components of our comp. What I would say is it will be potentially different in different countries. So right now, we’re certainly getting a bigger lift from Dynamic Yield in the U.S. than in Australia. In Australia, they had a rudimentary suggestive sell already in the drive-thru. So as we put a Dynamic Yield, there wasn’t as larger a lift as we’re certainly experiencing in the U.S. But the big positive about Dynamic Yield is our plans would be to take that similar decisioning engine-type logic and be able to use that further in kiosk and global mobile app ultimately, so that we need – can continue getting further sales lifts in other digital mechanisms also.
Kevin Ozan: Alright. I’ll talk about the G&A first, and then I’ll let Chris come back and talk about value and the franchisees. Related to G&A, a couple of points, we have talked about how we’ve gotten more efficient with our day-to-day G&A, and we’re investing in technology and R&D, so things like Dynamic Yield and Apprente. And the things we’re investing in are either top line drivers or cost saving potentials. So that’s how we think about kind of some of these specific investments. We have decreased our overall G&A as a percent of sales from around 2.8% in 2016 to 2.2% in 2019. And roughly – today, roughly more than 10% of that G&A spend is actually depreciation and amortization related to technology spend, so a chunk of that G&A is non-cash as it relates to prior year spend. We do – as you indicate, we expect full year G&A in 2020 to be up 5% to 7% in constant currency due to those investments. But that’s – because I’m lapping partial year on some of the acquisitions, we now will have full year in 2020. So that level of increase, we certainly do not expect going forward. But as we’ve talked about for 2020 or as I mentioned in my script, first half of 2020 will be significantly higher growth rates than the second half of 2020. And then I guess, the only other thing I’d say is we’re in the midst of updating all of our analysis and long-term models also with the G&A. But so far, we haven’t seen anything that significantly changes any of our thinking on G&A long term. So we don’t think about it any differently today than I did a couple of years ago. But I do have – obviously, to your point, we had an increase in ‘19, we have a little larger increase in ‘20. But certainly, we don’t expect that increase to be a run rate increase going forward.
Kevin Ozan: Sorry, Sara. The one other thing you asked about was convention, and I forgot about that, but convention – our operator convention that we have every other year is roughly $25 million to $30 million.
Kevin Ozan: So I’ll cover the check real quick and then Chris can talk about chicken. A couple of things on check, so roughly right now, 60% of check is mix and 40% is pricing. And that’s been relatively consistent, I’ll say, throughout – I think we probably said roughly two-third, but it’s in that range really throughout the year for 2019. We are seeing – in general, we’re seeing a little bit higher customers per ticket. If you think about the way the business is evolving between things like delivery and the kiosks, we generally now have a little bit higher number of customers per ticket. So that is a piece of it. But even knowing that, we have been able to grow guest counts in many of our international markets, so I don’t want to imply that, that would say that we should be able to grow guest counts in the U.S., the dynamics are changing, but we believe we can still grow guest counts even with those change in dynamics.
Chris Kempczinski: We have been on an ambitious journey the last few years from turnaround to transformation. And through it all, we have made a path forward even as the landscape changes. With these changes, customer expectations evolve, placing new demands on the world’s leading brands. We are ready for that challenge, embracing it across our business with the enduring strength and values that make McDonald’s a force for positive social and economic development in every community we serve. As we enter 2020, we do so from a position of strength of strength and with an unwavering commitment to our Velocity Growth Plan, the accelerators driving it and the incredible people and partners who keep us nimble, agile and open in new innovations and new possibilities. We have some exciting milestones ahead of us in 2020, including Worldwide Convention in April. On a final note, I would like to offer heartfelt thank you to everyone across the McDonald’s system who helped us achieve this milestone of $100 billion in system-wide sales this past year. It’s the sum of many things done right, everyday by every employee, supplier, franchisee and crew member around the world. I am proved of our collective success and grateful for their commitment as we began a new year. With that, let’s begin Q&A.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. Good morning. Thank you, Andrew. So as Kevin talked about, and as you alluded to, getting the U.S. to positive guest count growth for us is the number 1 priority. I think the things that certainly give me confidence or make me feel better about our ability to do that is, as you mentioned, we have really strong alignment with franchisees at this point, that this needs to be a priority. One of the things that’s, I think, sometimes not fully appreciated about the U.S. owner operator basis, it’s largely a franchise – or it’s largely a family business in the U.S. Over half of our franchisees are second and third-generation franchisees. And so for them, they completely recognize that no family business survives or thrives by passing on fewer customers from one generation to the next. So that’s an important part of this. And then the second is we have a really good understanding of what it’s going to take for us to drive guest counts to positive in the U.S. It starts with breakfast. Breakfast is the only daypart in the industry that’s seeing traffic growth. We have to win at breakfast. There’s obviously a lot of focus and attention that we’re going to be putting on that in 2020. And then the second is a recognition that on rest-of-day deal or rest-of-day value, that we need to be competitive on that. So I think between alignment with the franchisees, between really, I think, a pretty keen understanding of where we need to focus, I feel good about that, we did see, in Q4, modest sequential improvement on it. But for us, there is certainly not – it’s too early to call a trend on this. We’ve got to see this happen over four or five quarters. And so it’s going to be something we’re going to be paying attention to and I’m sure you guys will be asking us about it as well. So more to come on that.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. Thanks, Eric. January is always a highly competitive time of the year. So I think the activity that we’re seeing right now, I wouldn’t characterize it as being unusually pronounced. I think, again, this is always something that happened at the beginning of the year. But I think what you’re talking about and what you mentioned is really a recognition that growth in this industry at this point is going to have to come through stealing share. Traffic in the industry is pretty muted. There’s very little traffic growth. In fact, if you’re not growing units, you’ve got a headwind there. So I think that’s one recognition and certainly, you are seeing, I think, just a lot of people really wanting to make sure that they can get the growth that they need to be able to offset some of the cost headwinds. So I think between those two things, it has been a competitive environment, it’s going to continue to be a competitive environment, but I wouldn’t say I’m seeing an uptick right now.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. Well, as you noted, we did do two acquisitions last year, we bought Dynamic Yield, which was going to help us with our suggestive sell capability; and we bought Apprente, which is for voice recognition through the drive-thru of that capability. I would say our typical approach is partner not buy. And so both of those, for somewhat different reasons were, I think, unique situations. I don’t foresee that buying tech companies is going to be our approach going forward. But we do want to be nimble enough where there are situations that come up that we will make an acquisition. I think in the case of Dynamic Yield, what we saw there was really an opportunity for us to accelerate our rollout of suggestive sell across most of our major markets there with what we believe to be kind of the leading technology in the industry. And so with the idea of really wanting to drive an acceleration and do it with a leading partner, we made that acquisition of Dynamic Yield. Fast forward, even less than a year later, we’ve got Dynamic Yield in all 10,000-plus U.S. restaurants with a drive-thru. It’s fully rolled out in Australia. And we’re seeing a comp lift, very consistent with what we had modeled when the acquisition was done. Similarly, with Apprente, we’ve got Apprente in test in a handful of U.S. restaurants, and we remain optimistic about that. So I think what you’re seeing really is, for us, just an emphasis on – we believe digital has the opportunity to really be a huge growth driver for us. When we can partner with people and do it kind of under our traditional model, that’s always our preference. But if there are times that we need to do an acquisition, we’re certainly not going to take that off the table. I think your question about is there a model in terms of how that gets shared with franchisees, I think one benefit is when you get the lift that we are getting with something like Dynamic Yield, we obviously participate through rent and service on that. So I’d say the first part is all of these are meant to drive top line growth, and when we see that, we certainly participate from rent and service. On the ongoing costs, the ongoing costs do get passed through to franchisees as part of our normal tech fee, we kind of separate tech costs between development costs and sort of the ongoing operating costs. We will typically pay for the development costs on our own, and then the ongoing costs are what gets shared through a tech fee arrangement with our franchisees. So that’s been kind of our model for a long period of time. I don’t see that model changing.
Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, John. One of the things that I do feel good about with the U.S. is when you look at the check growth that we’ve gotten, it’s really come through a number of different things. There has not been sort of a one-trick pony on that. We’re seeing the majority of that growth is coming through mix as opposed to just kind of straight menu price. But then as you decompose mix, you’ve got a number of factors that are worked there. You’ve got delivery, which is delivering 2x the average check of a regular order. You have Dynamic Yield, which is typically leading to add-ons to an order. You have our self-order kiosk, where we know that people tend to have larger orders when they do self-order kiosk. You’ve seen some of our promotional items like donut sticks, D $1 $2 $3 as a value, which are really driving add-on activity. So I think, for me, I do feel better about how we went after check growth in 2019 because it was heavily mix-driven from that. But there is a pricing element to this. The inflation that we’re seeing out there, particularly on the labor side that does get priced through and so I think as we head into 2020, the conversation we’ve been having with franchisees, which gets back to the opening question, is we’ve just got to make sure that we have balance. We need to have a balance between check growth and we need to get to transaction growth, and that’s what everybody in the U.S. is working toward right now.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. Thanks, Brian. So as we talked about, we always said ‘19 and ‘20 would be similar. So we had $2.4 billion in 2019, we’ll have a relatively similar amount in 2020. And as we’ve indicated, we expect CapEx to come down some in 2021. The one area that we’re currently reviewing and evaluating is our international business and potential unit expansion there. As you know, our international business is very strong, we see very high returns on investments in new restaurants in those markets, and we believe there’s further potential for unit growth in many of those markets. So we’re currently evaluating the opportunity to invest in some of those new units outside the U.S. You’ll see that we have gone up a little bit in our openings in 2020, growing about 1,400 new units that should, between those and the ones we opened in 2019, contribute roughly 1.5 to our sales growth. So that’s the one area we’re currently evaluating. I think as far as longer term, we want to get through this evaluation, then we’ll talk further about that when we have our Investor Day later this year.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. I think it’s not just everyday value that are – is part of the equation, there’s also what we would call deal value, which is sort of the post on and off type of value. And so I think from our vantage point, it’s probably going to be more of the latter in terms of how do we smartly and in a disciplined way, pulse deal value throughout the year on this, and where are there opportunities for us to do it that, in a way, can drive both traffic and can protect margins. So we’ve been having a lot of conversations on that. As you would imagine, I’m not going to telegraph on this call in terms of how we actually plan to go about it. But I think back to a couple of the earlier points that we’ve talked about here, there is strong alignment with the owner/operators the U.S. that we need to be in a situation where we’re getting both transaction growth as well as check growth. And so it’s up to us now to deliver on it, but I do think there’s good alignment to it. And it’s probably going to come more through deal than it is necessarily everyday value. I think we’ve got a good everyday value platform embedded already.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure, yes. Well obviously, the situation in China is fluid and it’s concerning. Right now, as you would expect, our priority is really on our employees, on our customers, doing everything we can to make sure that they are safe and taken care of. And so in that vein, we’ve been working a lot with the local authorities, particularly in the Hubei province. We have closed all restaurants in the Hubei province, which is several hundred restaurants that have been closed. But importantly, we do still have about 3,000 restaurants in the country that are still open. So several hundred closed, but 3,000 that are still open. We’ve also, with the China team, we’ve put in place an epidemic prevention and control task force, which is something we’re doing again in combination with the local authorities there. And it’s everything from using our kitchens to help provide meals to health care workers in hospitals. We’re doing things in terms of giving medical screening for customers who come to some of our restaurants. So it’s really an "all hands on deck" effort from that vantage point. China for us is a critical strategic market, but I think it’s probably more because of the potential that we see in that market as opposed to its materiality to the business today. Just to put it in perspective, when you think about China, it does represent about 9% of our global restaurant count, but it’s about 4% to 5% of system-wide sales and it’s only about 3% of op income. And so while, again, China is a critical market for us and we’re very concerned about the situation over there, its actual impact on our business is going to be fairly small, assuming, again, that it stays contained to China.
Chris Kempczinski: On the point about or question about franchisee cash flow, it’s exciting when you see the system set a record for franchisee cash flow. And in 2019, in the U.S., they did so in kind of a resounding way. I mean, they blew through the prior cash flow record and surpassed that by probably another $50,000 or something like that. So it’s a really good thing when you have wealthy franchisees who are making a lot of money because it means that their mentality is to be aggressive to invest in the business. Now that can take a number of different forms. That could take investments in the restaurant and some of the capital investments that we’ve been doing, it can take the form of putting more labor in the restaurants and it can take the form of value as you talking about. So to me, it’s more about the point that our U.S. owner/operators are in a really healthy spot right now. I think that’s also reflected in their sentiment, and they want to keep it going. And so that’s going to require staying aggressive on the business, and I’m confident they’re going to do that.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Let me hit – it’s a couple of different things. Let me first talk about 2020. If you do the math, basically, with all of the guidance we’ve given, hopefully you get to similar places where we are, which is we do expect EPS growth for 2020 to meet the high-single-digit target. Certainly, a lower tax rate is helping that growth rate. And as you mentioned, it may not be even growth rates quarter-by-quarter through the year because of some of the individual quarter pressures. But as we look at the full year, we do have an expectation of being within that high-single-digit EPS growth rate target for 2020. Regarding cash return, we’re fortunate to generate a substantial amount of cash flow and be able to fund both the investments that we want to make in the business and still return a significant amount to shareholders. As I mentioned in my remarks, our free cash flow was $5.7 billion in 2019, which was up over 35%. Free cash flow conversion was around 95%. As we had internal discussions and discussed with several of our large shareholders, we decided not to give a specific dollar target over a three-year period for cash return, but there is – but I do want to reiterate our capital allocation philosophy because there is no change to that. As I mentioned, the priorities remain the same: first, to reinvest in existing restaurants and opportunities to grow the business; second, to continue growing our dividend; and third, to buy back shares. We do expect to continue to return all free cash flow to shareholders. And in our modeling, we anticipate net incremental debt of roughly $1 billion each year for the next few years. So that should give you an idea of kind of where the cash return comes out to that. Thanks.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. I think as you look at our business and you think about our 2020 plan, when I look at it, there is a good balance. I mean, we certainly have, I think, a pretty strong breakfast plan. We have a combination of menu news at breakfast. We have some service, things that we’re really looking at driving at breakfast. And then certainly, we plan on remaining competitive from a value standpoint in breakfast. But there is a lot of other things that we still have on the calendar. And so if you think about a couple of years ago, we talked about really focusing on food and it was going to be a focus on burger, chicken and coffee. And I think you’re going to see for us, in 2020, that there’s going to be burger news, there’s going to be things that we’re doing there that continue to keep driving our QPC business, which really has been a standout performer for us the last couple of years. Obviously, a lot of discussion about chicken, don’t want to get specifically into timing and what we would do there, but we’re committed to really updating it and competing in an aggressive way in the chicken segment, so you should expect something there. And then we do see opportunities as well around beverages, desserts. So as the year unfolds, I think you’ll see us staying strong on breakfast, but it’s not going to be at the expense of rest of day.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. Well, I think in the U.S., I’m really pleased with the performance that the team put up in 2019. As we talked about in our comments, we’re at record customer satisfaction scores in the U.S. driven by operations, and we’re seeing it broad-based across a number of ops metrics that we’re looking at. The team did a really nice job in 2019 speeding up our drive-thrus. We saw good performance there. But I think what we’re also excited about is we think there’s more that we can do there. We think that there’s certainly 20, 30 additional seconds that we want to go try to get in 2020. And it’s a combination of activities. It’s a combination of menu simplification moves. It’s a combination of training and really making sure we have the right focus. We are doing things to bring fun into the restaurant to create kind of that competitive rivalry there. And then technology is a component to that. I’d say right now, in 2020, I don’t see technology necessarily being a huge part of what’s going to be driving cash flow or driving speed of service, rather. We have ZOOM timers, which is an internal thing that we use, that really gives the team a very detailed breakdown of each kind of part of the customer journey as they go through the drive-thrus. We can be very pinpointed on how to drive speed of service. But that’s now deployed in most of our restaurants. So I think in 2020, it’s going to be a lot of blocking and tackling. Longer term, we’re obviously very excited about what technology can do to help with speed of service, which is why we’ve done acquisitions like we did with Apprente. If we’re able to get that commercialized and deployed, that’s certainly going to be something that helps us with the speed of service in the future.
Chris Kempczinski: And on your chicken question, you’re right, we have a very detailed and intimate understanding of what our competitors are doing there. I think, for us, it’s really all about finding a product that works in our restaurants. And so that has an operations component. Our menu, as you know, is much more broad than some of our competitors. So that’s something we need to be mindful of in terms of how – what we might do in chicken, what knock-on effect that might have on the rest of menu from a speed of service. And then there are some equipment differences in terms of the equipment that we have in our restaurants versus what some of our competitors would have. What we have been out testing – we are in a test right now, as you probably know. But we’re testing a number of different approaches in terms of not just what you might do from a product standpoint, but are there things that we might want to do differently from an operations standpoint or are there things we might want to think about differently from an equipment standpoint. So like anything with menu in McDonald’s, it’s a little bit of a Rubik’s cube of what’s the customer looking for, what works operationally and then the business fundamentals under that. But I think I feel good about where we’re going to net add on chicken. I think we’re getting close to having something that we’re excited to bring to customers.
