Steve Easterbrook: Yes, hi, Joe, Steve here. So, we launched officially nationwide on October 6, and I would say the enthusiasm levels from customers and from our teams in the restaurants are high. It’s been a successful rollout. The owner/operators have really embraced this. I mean, to go from a test market in May to a nationwide rollout by October is a significant validation of the alignment of the operators behind this. When they approved it, they approved it with a 98% plus approval rating around the country. So, there is a lot of unity and alignment behind it. And from an operational perspective having spent a fair bit of time in the markets the last two or three weeks, the operators have been really again enthused at the fact that this has created - it’s been a lot smoother from an operational perspective than perhaps people had feared. The reality is the ingredients, the equipment, the training, the procedures is already very, very well-established in the restaurants. And by launching all-day breakfast, whilst at the same time removing some of the more complex lower sales items at the same time, we have a net simplification in the restaurants, and we have a – we are driving full. So, it’s early days to give too much a read on sales, but we are certainly encouraged. And more importantly, the owner/operators are very encouraged about how we have kicked off.
Steve Easterbrook: Hey, Andy. As we announced in April, we made this decision to invest in our people and raise wages, provide paid time off. And at that time, we indicated that we expected the impact of this as well as other state-mandated increases to be about 200 basis points on our margins for the full year this year. Since obviously the large majority of that impact happens in the second half of the year that implies that the impact on the second half would be substantially more than 200 basis points. So, the impact is relatively in line with our expectations. The payback from the investment will take a little time in terms of lowering turnover, having stronger employees, deliver a better customer experience ultimately driving top line sales. Moving forward, it will obviously continue to impact margin comparisons for the next three quarters until we lap the July 1. But as you know, margins are also significantly impacted by our top line. So, if we are able to generate higher comps that would certainly mitigate some of that impact.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes, hi David. So, from the value program across the sub, I think on the call last quarter, acknowledge that it got off to a little bit of a bumpy start as we launched it, it was in a way bumping into some of the local value initiatives that each of the regions were driving, which made – and then we reset and the performance of the $2.50 double cheese and small fry improved across the summer as the focus got clearer and our execution in the restaurants got sharper. So, it filled the gap for us. We do have a desire, along with our owner/operators of a more sustained value platform, which we will be looking to introduce through 2016, but it certainly played a meaningful role across the summer helping to drive the footfall. In terms of simplification, I just – again, simplification in the way we are looking at this and the way the team in the U.S. is looking at it is, menu is part of it, but there is a lot more we can do to help simplify the restaurants on a day-to-day basis, both from a customer perspective, but also from our managers and our crew. So, there is operational simplification, there is training simplification. There is things we can do with merchandising to make it easier for customers and navigate the restaurants and also with packaging as well. So, the team, there were sub-teams that are addressing each of these areas of opportunity. So, yes, menu is one piece, but the whole operational complexity, the training and merchandising and packaging is another. And it’s the sum of those parts is what manages and begin to recognize that we are working hard to make their life a little easier, so they can just focus on what they love to do which is just running the restaurants and serving customers.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes. Thanks for the question. And again, the way we look at this is how can we deliver the best value across all tiers on that menu. So you are actually right with the buttermilk chicken. That was premium product, premium quality and a premium price that goes with it. And because of the taste, because of the quality and the execution of restaurants, their customers really did respond well. And as I said earlier, it’s got outperformance at the high end of our expectations. But I think you would see, as we build our calendars out across any of our markets, but certainly here in the U.S, we do want to – we want to provide the best value of each level, great value core products, great value premium. And probably one of the areas where we are still a little weaker is at that more entry level, value level. And that’s what you have been hearing about. And that’s what – we are working with the operators on and the operators are aligning behind what they believe will be strong platform as we enter 2016 to help drive the foothold. Because we know that the top line going into positive territory was encouraging for us. There is no doubt about that. Our ultimate measure of success will be serving more customers more often and that’s getting the guest counts moving as well.
Steve Easterbrook: It’s a difficult one to read. I mean what I would say is what has given me the most satisfaction from the way that the team have galvanized themselves in the U.S. is actually we are running better restaurants than we were a year ago. So if – and that is ultimately what customers respond to. And then as we innovate around the menu and have promotional activity and have fun with that, that would increment the sales, but running better restaurants day in and day out. And customers are telling us through this kind of very material feedback loop we have now that we are – they are noting the changes in the areas that mattered most to them, which is speed, friendliness and accuracy. Through the quarter, it’s probably fair to say we ended the quarter just a little stronger than we started. But I wouldn’t read too much into that. I mean, turnarounds are about momentum and we want to establish momentum over the short-term, medium-term and long-term. We have got one – we put one mark around that. And as we start to build quarter-upon-quarter, you will be able to read that no more underlying momentum in the business. But running better restaurants is a great start, shopping up our merchandising, simplifying the drive for operation, underpins everything else we are doing. So I feel good about that.
Steve Easterbrook: I think probably both Kevin and I will have a go on that one, Sara, there is a fair bit in there. So China clearly, took a hit third quarter last year. We expected a return to growth clearly. And we are pleased we did. I have got to say, I am very proud of the team in China. I am going to say I am very proud of the change in China because they were in a very difficult situation a year ago. And they said after facing a two-pronged approach to recover the business momentum. One was around trading hard and particularly trading hard on value. And the second one was restoring brand trust. And actually, in that market now, our trust metrics are higher than they were prior to the supplier incidents a year ago. So I think that kind of validate the focus they have put on there. As we look forward, there are probably four elements the team are working on across the next couple of quarters, continuing on brand trust, consist everyday value at the entry and mid-tier levels. They have got a big an exciting play around convenience and particular around digital activation and delivery. So those are two drivers that aren’t unique to China, but are very material to the consumer in China. Digital activation, working with some of main tech partners in China, we got some great relationships there and a very strong delivery business. And the full fun is just around consumer excitement, just having fun with products and the experience in the restaurants. So we – I don’t want anyone to think that just because we were down last year, you would ultimately bounce back. You have got to work hard for it. The team have worked for it. And net-net, if you look at the 2-year comp, we were slightly up across that 2-year period, which across that quarter, which I think is credit to the team.
Steve Easterbrook: So, I will answer on that basis. Well, I think our immediate term is to win back share from the nearer term competition. That’s what we are focused on. And then as we build out our experience in the future, I think that will get us – that will make us more attractive to a broader set of customers. But at the moment, I would say nearer term traditional competition is the market share we are biting at the moment. And clearly, we are playing to our strengths. Breakfast has always been a historic strength and we continue to do very well at breakfast during the breakfast daypart, but now into other dayparts as well.
Steve Easterbrook: I really don’t want to give too much guidance here, Karen, not to be evasive, but just when you are a first couple of weeks in and we have got a lot of media behind it I don’t want to give a wrong read. We are starting higher as you would expect out the box than what we would expect our steady run-rate to be when things settle down, but we see it being incremental profitable business that is driving existing customers in more often and attracting new customers. So, the anecdotals I get as I move around the country and getting to the restaurants is though if you are in a shoot in town, you are seeing a lot, a lot of activity into the evenings and the overnights around breakfast items that is just cultish amongst the students, but you can go directional mid-afternoon to see a more mature group that we are sitting there who can now enjoy the product with Egg McMuffin mid-afternoon and having to watch – clock watching and try and make the 10:30 a.m. deadline. So, it’s just makes life easier for customers. They don’t have to look at the watch and managed too hard their time. So, broad appeal, a strong start from an operational perspective, from an execution perspective and I think the team has done a great job from the marketing launch and just having some fun with it. I mean, more than anything else, it’s fun. Customers are enjoying it and so our teams and restaurants.
Steve Easterbrook: So, you said the work here. And the most important word, I think in any consumer base of business or any retail is momentum. And momentum breached confidence, confidence breached – it becomes a virtual cycle of success, if you like. And we are just beginning to feel some early signs of that and you can see the confidence flowing through the restaurants and through the teams. So, clearly, for a turnaround, you want sustained growth. And we have slowed by delivered one quarter. So, this is one data point, but the steps that we have taken to get to here are steps they are going to continue to keep supporting our business going forward.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes. I think there are number of ingredients that are beginning to come together. If you remember from the past, the U.S. undertook a fairly significant structural change itself. Now, about a year ago, where we eliminated and they are liberated a little more entrepreneurial spirit into the regions, that takes time to settle down. You can’t just hit your stride straightaway. So, I think as the regions and the teams in the regions begin to find their feet as it were, that helps. I don’t want to underestimate just the investments we are making in food quality. The investments that consumers care about such as the announcement to go to free range eggs, for example, such as the quality cues that you deliver with a buttermilk chicken. I mean, that is getting strong. But underpinning it and I will never ever move away from this, any market that’s successful around the world is because they are focusing on the day-to-day operation and just delivering at that moment of truth for the customer. That is what McDonald’s is all about. What we are seeing with speed of service? Well, actually, we are seeing greater improvement in the accuracy. So, accuracy is probably the strongest metric improvement we are getting, which on the basis that about 70% of the business goes to the drive-through. Clearly, accuracy is particularly important. But we begin to see a few seconds being shaved our average service times as we simplify the menu and sharpening up the operations, but it’s early days and we have got – there is a lot more progress we want to make, I have got to say that.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes. So I mean the process that I am showing you a fairly familiar here in the U.S. is somewhat unique compared to other markets around the world, because it’s, by nature, a more complex and diverse market side here in the U.S. We are at the stage now where driven by insights, we have created a number of potential concepts. Some of those are in test already, but they are being discussed and being aborted on for approvals and discussed by the operators now. So the national teams have had more rigor around it and challenged it and have come up with really strong, could be strong compelling. The operators discussing that and they will make the right decision because the most important piece is alignment. And we have got great alignment now as a result of all-day breakfast. And that is – that’s part of the magic ingredient that McDonald’s here in the U.S. and the alignment with the owner operators. And I know that doing the right thing working through it and certainly into next year, will be a line – there will be something that we believe will be competitive from a customer perspective.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes. I would tell you, Howard and thank you for the question because I have strong conviction of around simplifying our restaurant operations, because I believe the customer is the ultimate beneficiary. And then, when we do talk about doing something like an all-day breakfast, people scratching their head and say, well hold on a minute. You told about simplification, but now you are adding. So when I talk about net. I am saying we go t to take more complexity out through our decision -making that we ever put in, so that’s where one kind of – my language of net simplification works. So if we are not adding any new SKUs into the restaurant for breakfast because all the ingredients are already there. They are in the chillers, they are in the freezers, the equipment is already in place. So yes, there is the operational shift running. There is an operational complexity, but not an ingredient complexity. In the meantime, around the country, we have – the U.S. team has been very rigorous in their analytics on this and helping provide each and every color with a tool that helps them assess operational complexity versus contribution to product mix and margin. And then as a final screen which is around the brand value. So that’s helps – have actual detailed insight and rigor around supporting the costs taking items off. So on average, right I think you need at the start of the year, we removed around 7 items from the menu. It’s probably at leased another seven, if not more on average across the comps around the country now. And I know they are continuing on this path. And as we offer more abilities to customize and personalize food going forward, that may give us another opportunity to actually take further items on. So I hope that makes sense. The trouble saying simplification is definitely whenever you do [indiscernible] say on a hold a minute and making more complex. We are not going to be static. We are going to be energetic. We will innovate. We will have new products. It’s fun and that’s what customers want. We have got to make sure that we take more than that out of the restaurant complexity. So I hope that makes a little more sense.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes. I think two-pronged again, just from the day-to-day operation with our teams in the field, it’s around trading. And the training that was rolled out across of the U.S., which was actually was an operator lead initiative initially, was around something called ask us teller. The way that we reconfigured our own internal procedures of how we take the orders, confirm the orders and then present the orders. And that has had a positive notable benefit in our accuracy. As we go forward, the more of that heavy lifting that we can get technology to do and the greater our accuracy will become. So whether it’s ordering through apps, whether it’s ordering it through self-order kiosks that we see elsewhere around the world, technology can certainly help us with putting the customer in charge of the ordering process and allowing technology to do the heavy lifting and then we can just prepare the food and serve it in a friendly way, so two pronged. We will never get away from day-to-day training. But secondly, we are working hard on the technology to help support this.
Steve Easterbrook: Okay. I will take the first one, Jeff. So I am a fairly resilient guy. I won’t get worn down by the same question kind of asked different direction. But I appreciate the interest. And of course we are as well. What I would say is the test markets gave us that kind of – that curve of initial launch volumes and then the settling down sustaining because that being trade to the business case that then got the buying from the broader operating community. So we are confident in the kind of the curve we expect to see of the contribution of all-day breakfast. We are encouraged that it’s 30 days. We are sitting here today, 15 or 16 days in. And I can tell you that the unity of the system around this and the responsible customers, which is the important piece is very positive. We will get share a bit more in November, obviously. Totally understand the interest in it. But it’s just too early. It just wouldn’t be fair to give a read on it right now.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes. Thank you, Chris. And again, thanks for everyone for joining us this morning. In closing, I want to emphasize our commitment across of the entire system to consistently running great restaurants to give our customers even more reasons to dine at McDonald’s. We are focusing on executing fewer, bigger initiatives that will ultimately deliver better experience for our guests around the areas that matter most to the great-tasting food, fast friendly service, contemporary restaurant experience, all at the value of McDonald’s. The progress we have made in a short amount of time gives me confidence that we are making the right moves to turnaround our business and reposition McDonald’s as a modern, progressive burger company. Thanks to all of you, and have a great day.
Kevin Ozan: Andy, just to add on to that, just clearly there is the cost element, we try to be very transparent about that. Ultimately, the ambition from the move we have made is to just drive the experience in the restaurants and we see this as a meaningful move for us to be able to attract and retain the best talent in the marketplace. And if we can drive some efficiencies by reducing turnover which a motivated, committed workforce tend to reduce the turnover levels, we maybe able to get some benefit if it come backs from that. But I just wanted to broaden out the conversation, because yes, there is a cost, but frankly, this is part of the bigger picture, running better restaurants, motivated teams and committed crew.
Kevin Ozan: Yes. So, you can see the actual new store openings within each segment in the back of the earnings release. As far as moving forward and how kind of capital and refranchising and new openings may happen in the future, we will talk about that more in the upcoming investor meeting in November.
Kevin Ozan: Let me touch on margins and franchising. Related to margins in that group, a couple of things. One, certainly China’s margins were covered in this quarter versus last year as a result of their sales recovery. Russia has currency pressure. We import a chunk of our food and paper in Russia both in terms of dollar and euro. And so there is still pressure on Russia’s margins because of those imported food and paper costs. So that’s still putting pressure on the margins within the high growth segment. Related to franchising, I think we have said that most of our franchising opportunities, certainly it’s probably within Asia. So China certainly, would be a part of that. We will update a little bit more of our detailed franchising plans as we get to the investor meeting in November. But I think it’s safe to say that the high-growth segment which certainly have franchising activity going forward.
Kevin Ozan: Yes. Karen, the plan what was never to phase in kind of these increases. We did an increase across the board in July really impacting kind of all other the restaurants. So our average rate right now at our company operated restaurants is nearly $10 right now. And so I wouldn’t see a significant additional phasing in above and beyond kind of where we are right now. Certainly, as state mandate changes, we may have to adjust to some of those. But there isn’t another wave in our plans to go in and kind of it all restaurants again.
Kevin Ozan: And just as an additional perspective, for the third quarter, our comp GAAP was a negative 3.2%. So, we still have room certainly to increase that. That’s substantially down from Q2 and Q1. That’s QSR sandwich category that it’s against, but we certainly have opportunity and we have been seeing a few recent weeks kind of the opposite where we have been out comping some of that same competition.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, Brian. We had a little difficulty hearing, but I think you are asking about kind of the U.S. comp and what we would need potentially to maintain or grow margins there. So, we obviously talked about the labor costs that are impacting the U.S. We have said in a normal inflationary environment, we generally need a 2% to 3% comp in the U.S. to maintain margins. With these additional labor costs, certainly the comp needed to maintain margins in the near-term would be higher than that. Commodities right now aren’t a big pressure on us. And so commodities really aren’t the concern. It’s more of a comp needed to kind of overcome these near-term labor costs.
Kevin Ozan: And one of the opportunities you mentioned, Keith, certainly is as you know, we are only about 50% re-imaged in the U.S. And so there is certainly opportunity going forward to more modernized that asset base in the U.S. and make sure that we have got the right facilities to bring in the customers that we want through on the cash.
Kevin Ozan: Alright. I will start with the cost item and I will let Steve talk about kind of the leadership and running the markets differently. Couple of things going on here. One, you may have seen and it may have been a little confusing, but we tried to explain one of the things that’s gone on is we are moving a little bit from a very decentralized structure to one that centralizes certain non-customer facing functions and activities. So, along with that, some costs that historically were managed at a segment level now are being managed or will be managed at a central corporate level. So, some of the costs that were reflected last year in the segments are now in corporate, about $30 million of those in total of those costs. That doesn’t impact consolidated or total G&A. That’s more of just a reallocation. At the same time, we obviously talked about saving real consolidated G&A. And as I said, we are making progress on that and we will give a further update on those activities and the investor meeting in November.
Kevin Ozan: And John, I will just talk about, if you like the operating segments and just the way the leadership teams are thinking. And we will certainly give more flavor to this in our investor meeting. But if I would just to take the lead market as an example, we have got the five major countries that contribute to the lead markets. They are overseen by a team of just three people. Now these are three very senior, highly talented individuals. But the decision making – and the feasibility into those five markets is so much clearer because we have removed the layers that tend to just obscure what’s going on. So if those three leaders can see something work in Australia. Our ability to share that with the Canadians, whether it’s the UK, German, France team and vice versa, obviously it’s far clearer. So the speed of the decision making, visibility into what’s working, visibility to what’s not working and just sharing that knowledge and getting to market quicker with things that work, we are already seeing the benefits of that. And I think that’s incredibly encouraging, because we have always had pockets of excellence. I want fewer pockets of excellence, I want a broader base excellence, so I believe this structure will help you deliver that.
Kevin Ozan: And then related to the commodity costs in the U.S. yes, we said it was up about 1%, primarily beef costs, not a lot of commodity pressure on the other commodities in the third quarter. Going forward again, what the rest of the outlook stuff since it’s all interconnected, we will provide an update at our upcoming investor meeting related to kind of how things look in the future.
