Don Thompson: Hi Joe, this is Dan. Thanks so much for the question, and I’ll try to address some of the points that you made, and you can -- if there’s anything we missed, you let us know, but -- if we look overall in the U.S., it looks like and I’ll speak from an informal eating out perspective. It appears that we gained about 10 basis points in the informal eating out category relative to traffic. So, we know that the things that we’ve put in place are definitely having some impact and it also speaks to some of the things that took place relative to our focus on new products. And so, again looking at the U.S., we know that this year we were lapping some of the implementations of some of the beverage strategies from last year which launched a little bit earlier, Cherry Berry Chiller. We also know there was a frappe launch earlier in the year. We also had 20 piece nuggets that were launched last year. The great thing for us is that the products that we’ve implemented in the chicken, breakfast, beverages, and beef category being Egg White Delight, Blueberry Pomegranate, the wraps, the Quarter Pounders, those things have performed well and met or exceeded the targeted sales, but again some of the offsets that Pete and I mentioned are some of the reasons that sales are softer aside from the fact that the informal eating out category is projected to be down about 50 basis points. So we know that, we put things in place to address that in the U.S. and we have outperformed the competition. We do know that we’ve outperformed them on a year-to-date basis from a comparable sales performance by a little bit over 1%.
Don Thompson: Thanks, Jason. As you know, we don’t give -- we’re not giving out guidance, that’s not our practice. We do expect the remainder of 2013 to remain challenged based on existing top and bottom line pressures. We know we’re seeing ongoing global economic headwinds. We’re seeing flatter declining IEO markets and ongoing competition chasing fewer guest counts as a result of a less and discretionary spending. We also know that this is a more price sensitive timeframe based on these economies, and we still have ongoing P&L pressures including higher labor and commodity costs, and we have less ability to take that price. So, relative to those things, that’s kind of the -- if you would, the framework around the comments that we made, we continue to believe the long-term, the average annual financial targets that we put in place are achievable and appropriate. We do know, however, in the near term that we’re going to face some tough economies around the world and the informal eating out industry is softer around the world, and a matter of fact, 7 out of -- 11 out of our top markets we’re seeing contraction from an IEO perspective.
Don Thompson: All right, and thanks for the question John. First of all, the definition we use is really more of a protocol, is CREST. CREST is the information that we use relative to our informal eating out data, and they are fairly broad data base to your point. So we look at the overall informal eating out industry, that is what helps us whether it would be identifying opportunities or looking at who may or may not be doing as well in the industry at that point in time. So, it really is a good barometer of the overall marketplace that QSR segment is a little bit – it's a little bit more, I don't want to call it myopic, but it's a much smaller view of the overall marketplace. So as we've looked at that that's how we know that the overall marketplace was going to drop by about 50 basis points. Now the interesting thing about IEO is that QSR makes up the vast majority of IEO. And so, when you hear us talk about IEO, we are talking in a large part also about the QSR industry. As we look forward and if you look at who's winning, who's not winning in the marketplace, we do know that we've gained market share, we know there are a couple of other players that have gained market share. And what we do is we continue to look at our performance relative to the categories of growth which I mentioned earlier which were chicken, beverages, breakfast, and then we also look at the premium beef category which is why you saw it implement the Quarter Pounder line with the three different recipes which is why you've seen us leverage our beverage strategy, which we still have some opportunities to leverage that to an even greater extent. And so, we're going to continue to do that. But when you look across our product implementations this year, they have hit each of the growth categories, and so we feel fairly good. Those products have met or exceeded the expectations we had. As I mentioned, we did see some offset based upon last year's promotional activity particularly around 20 Piece Nuggets and in some of our beverage strategies.
Don Thompson: Hi, Keith. I'm going to let Pete talk a little bit about what's taking place and relative to our own pricing. What I would tell you and I mentioned it in my comments, one thing we do see in the broader industry is we're seeing a lot of discounting, price discounting rather than consistent value platforms which we have around the globe and we've put in place, and we're going to maintain that consistency because it's important to consumers. We know that, but we have seen a lot of, I'll say, sporadic price discounting across the marketplace. But relative to what we've done and how we've seen pricing, I'll ask Pete to make some comments.
Don Thompson: Hi, Jeff. Just a little bit maybe on the European economy and then as we talk about challenges for the rest of the year. First of the all European economy, I can give you a perspective. All of us travel quite a bit to our markets. I don't know – the economists may be a bit ahead of themselves. That's my personal perspective but it's based upon the fact that if you look at GDP growth even quarter one versus year ago or even as you roll into quarter two, France is still in a recession two quarters now that we've seen negative GDP growth. We had Germany, which is negative in GDP growth. Spain is still suffering. From an unemployment perspective, you've got much higher unemployment than the norm across Europe. Youth unemployment is something that is somewhat alarming whether it be in France at 26%, Spain at 57%. You've got markets – I was recently in Portugal and Ireland, you got markets, some markets may have bottomed out. I would tell you some of the larger markets are still having some challenges. So we're looking forward to the bottom out, so to speak, and then a resurgence. At times you'll see a resurgence in some of the markets. Europe for us means 39 different areas and countries that we're working in, but it is a – it's still a challenged environment. The wonderful thing for us and I call it a wonderful thing because if we weren't focused on having implemented the value platforms when we did about a year ago, we would've lost more traffic. At this stage of the game, we are continuing to gain market share across the majority of European countries and that is the position we wanted to be in. Solidify market share, solidify customer visits, those things then we know lead to – with business you can get sales, with sales you can get profitability, but you have to have the sales coming in the front door. And so for us right now Europe is still a big challenge. As we look across the rest of the year, the notion – when we made the comment about challenge, it is similar to the second quarter. So as we see third and fourth quarters, we see them similar to the second quarter where we still see the ability for us to continue to move the business forward, however they are challenging environments, and you know we don’t give guidance but we’re just really being as transparent as we’ve always been relative to what we see in the market places.
Don Thompson: Hi, Michael, this is Don. First point and I want to reiterate it. We’re winning in the market place. When we look at market share across our major markets, we are gaining market share and that’s an important factor here. So, if you ask what do we need to do to adjust? I think we need to continue to adjust. We’ve been adjusting now for about the last couple of years relative to making sure we had solid value platforms. We’ve ensured that we have a good mix of value and premium based products, so we can gain as much margin as possible. What we don’t have and Pete just mentioned it, is we don’t have as much pricing power. And as long as inflationary rates are lower and as long as GDP growth and consumer discretionary spending is softer we’re not going to move forward and take a lot of price because we know that it would mean guest count erosion longer term. So we’ll be mindful of the price increases that we take. We’ll continue to make sure that our value platforms are installed and strong. We’ll make sure that we have a very solid menu pipeline which has helped us to as you see in the U.S. to outperform the competition in mass, and so when we look at what we’re doing now, we think those are the right things to do. Pete mentioned growing the business and developing new sites. Our new sites are performing relatively well and so we’re going to continue to invest capital there. The returns on reimage sites when you have less comparable sales that gets a little bit tight and we’ll continue to monitor that, to Pete’s point is we always do from a financially responsible perspective, but good pipelines, good value, good marketing campaigns, those things will continue. As I mentioned, we’ll continue to invest in technology and we think we do still have some room to grow relative to some of the things we can offer our consumers from an engagement perspective there, and we’ll continue to make sure we have good marketing spend, good awareness relative to our advertising. So, we’re going to continue doing those things and implement those solidly. We’ll continue focusing on the growth strategies we’ve talked about. There is room to grow in beverages, and in chicken, and in breakfast, and we’re moving breakfast around the globe. So all of these pieces are the things that for us we still have a lot of work to do at McDonald’s and we’ll continue to focus on those areas.
Don Thompson: Hi, Jeff, a great question and the way you positioned it is accurate as we’ve seen it. We have not drawn a direct correlation as if yet, the sequestration or other I’ll say tactical executions that have occurred in the U.S. what we do know is that there was a pullback to some extent, and it does seem to be impacting the informal eating out industry a little bit more or so than broader retail. So, again what we have to do is make sure that we institute and continue to have solid value and we have to do that by balancing and also with some innovative new news, this is going to be absolutely critical for us as we move forward. We have to continue to invest in the business appropriately, but make sure we’re mindful of the returns. I don’t foresee this changing in the next couple of months which is why we spoke of the rest of the year being challenging. And what we see in the United States is not unlike what we see in some of the other markets that are out there. Having said that, we feel pretty solid about the fact that we can continue to gain market share and that our focus. And if we can do that, we’ll gain additional guest counts, we’ll gain additional sales and we’ll gain additional profitability. The pricing piece that Pete mentioned again is going to be tougher through the rest of the year in terms of taking price. So, we’ll be monitoring that and measuring that relative to our margins. But again the market place itself is a little bit -- it is a little bit tighter than we’ve seen. But one thing we’ve never done at McDonald’s, we don’t cry or whine over market conditions, because all of us are in the same market conditions. So we just have to stay focused on what we do best which is move the business in the way as we’ve discussed today.
Don Thompson: Hey, Andy I’m going to let Tim make a comment relative to monopoly. I think he’ll make a pretty solid point about whether or not it opens up another opportunity, clearly we can speak to specifics but he just finished one of the reviews with the U.S. business, so he can give you a couple of headlines as to some of the things I discussed. Relative to franchise margins we’ll have Pete make a comment on that after Tim.
Don Thompson: Andy too, and I know we've talked about this and we've tried to relate on the call, the new products that we've implemented have resonated with consumers. And I want to make sure that everyone understands that IEO is relatively flat and declining in many of the markets around the world. So we're not going to change that menu pipeline execution strategy. It is absolutely working. However, we are facing some headwinds and so we'll continue to execute that, continue to make our target to outperform in the marketplace as a whole. But I think you are quite clairvoyant to the fact that there may be something that does come up in the latter part of the year relative to new products.
Don Thompson: Hi, Bryan. Outside of the U.S., some of the competitive sets are different. I'll ask Tim to speak a little bit to some of the things that he's seeing out there. But keep this in mind. The U.S. is – there are a couple of markets that are similar to the U.S. and not quite to the U.S. level relative to the competitive density of competitors as we know them. In many of these cases you have more as we would define them smaller chains, mom and pop type organizations. So we do see consolidation in some of those smaller ones when you get into recessionary periods or macroeconomic conditions like these, but relative to whether or not we've seen larger chains that are consolidating that's not something that I have seen. But Tim, I don't know what else we've seen out there in your travels.
Don Thompson: Hi, John. Thanks for the question. I would tell you the franchisees have done I think a stellar job in this environment and if you think about it from their perspective, several things. One is they've definitely been aligned relative to the things that we have asked of them focusing on the customer, ensuring that we continue to invest in the business, whether it be reimages or whether it be with new products and the new product introductions. We have really accelerated some of those introductions and getting those to the marketplace because it's very important to have new news and exciting news as well as to execute value. They have been very, very aligned on the value campaign and platform. Having said that, they've given a lot of feedback relative to what does the Dollar Menu look like today and how we need to maintain that and what things we might need to look at in terms of any modifications at any point in time. So I think the franchisees have done a really, really solid job. They've continued to invest in the business and we along with them in the business, they are one of the greatest assets to this overall McDonald's family has. I'd also add along with that, our suppliers because they are in an interesting commodity and legislative environment as well as the franchisees and small business owners. And they also have supported our system relative to how we want to be able to manage through these macroeconomic issues around the world. And so I can't say anything but be complementary about what our franchisees have done relative to the cash flow investments, their focus on the business, their focus on the customers, their focus on their employees and they're focused on a broader alignment around the McDonald system.
Don Thompson: Hi, R.J. The Dollar Menu itself still represents about 13% to 14% of sales, which is still in that same range it's been in. What has benefited us has been the fact that it is a consistent execution and it still has tremendous alignment across the franchises and the McOpCo restaurants that we have. So it is the value platform of choice. Now we've done a couple of things to try to add some new news to that which also help us to be a little bit more margin accretive, things like the Grilled Onion Cheddar Sandwich, Hot 'n Spicy McChicken limited time offer selections that we placed into the Dollar Menu. Even having done those, we still remain at 13% to 14% of sales based upon the Dollar Menu. So it is a solid platform for us. The last thing I'll mention is, early on we talked about the fact that there are – Tim mentioned we see a lot of discounting in the broader marketplace. We know that one of the most important things that customers look for is consistency in terms of the value platform. They want to know that they can depend on McDonald's to continue to deliver value every day all day and the platform for us is more than about short-term discounts. It's about establishing customer loyalty versus being aggressive for one or two months. We need long-term loyalty. We want a strong customer base. We want to make sure we drive business frequency and we want to support the introduction also of higher margin products, so build the base so that when we implement new products, those products have more awareness relative to our consumer base. So we've established these branded affordability platforms around the world now and they are performing to the levels that we would like. We have a couple of markets, R.J., that we still need to do a little bit of work and Tim is focused on some of those markets. But by and large, we're in a pretty solid place relative to the value platforms around the world.
Don Thompson: Hi, Nicole. I think you see both. You'll see some areas that are customization, if you would, and I assume you're talking about things like the Quarter Pounder line, which will also see some new platforms like you’re seeing with McWraps. You will see us also do limited time offers. So relative to beverages or whether it be the other products that we’d implement. I think Tim gave some insight as to other thing that we might see in the U.S., but this is consistent also Tim around the world.
Don Thompson: First of all, thank you all again for being on today’s call and participating. And as we wrap up the call, I want to make sure that you all understand that while we recognize that this is a challenging environment, we’ve been through challenging environments before as McDonald’s. Our confidence in our brand and the competitive advantages of our system, truly are strength and a reflection of our ability to build on and learn from the past, having went through cycles before, these are different when you see them in the broad nature of these around the globe. But we’ve been purposeful and we’ve been agile, very flexible in our local markets about how we address some of the challenges there. We are going to be and continue to be strategic relative to the way that we plan and evolve based upon customers spending habits, their discretionary opportunities, and the fact that we want to be their favorite place and wait to eat. So we look to evolving with our customers, evolving in these marketplaces and leveraging our history to make sure we mitigate through these challenges. Thanks so much for all of your support and your questions and have a great day.
Peter J. Bensen: And Jason, regarding Monopoly, that was a decision last fall when the U.S. was looking at their calendar and looking at the product launch lineup thinking about, how do we follow-up the introduction of these great new products with a way to continue the momentum and we know that Monopoly is always a great transaction driver, and these new products are prominently featured in the Monopoly promotions, so following those product launches up with Monopoly, it seemed like a very prudent thing to do.
Peter J. Bensen: Yeah, Keith, one of the things I mentioned, we're up about 1.5 in pricing in the U.S. on a trailing 12-month basis. That's 120 basis points below where we were a year ago. It's clearly one of the factors that is contributing to comps maybe being not as strong as some would think. When we look at the dynamics at food away from home, it's up 2.5%; food at home up only 0.9%. That's on a trailing 12-month basis through June, so comparable to our 1.5% price increase. But for the full year both food away from home and food at home are currently projected to be up 2.5% to 3.5% each. So what will be interesting we will definitely be looking at those as we move throughout the year and making decisions about what we're going to do with price for the remainder of the year, but as you point out to the extent that food at home continues to be at a significantly lower growth rate the grocery store is a competitor and that does impact the industry's ability to pass on price.
Peter J. Bensen: Matt, it's really a combination of factors. Obviously the technology spend we think is an important long-term differentiator for us and a lot of that is in the restaurants. So we're appropriately pacing that. There's other areas that we look at for efficiencies in terms of spending. And then finally as you mentioned, lower performance will yield lower incentive comp and so there's a lower outlook for that as well. So it's a combination of all of those.
Peter J. Bensen: David, it's really only about 50 openings that we trim from the guidance. So, to your point, new restaurant openings are our highest returning investments and the new openings over the last 12 months are no exception to that, they have generally being performing well. With the exception probably of China where, with the chicken issues in China and the slower economic growth there, that is the biggest of all of the markets contributing to the 50 store decline. So they took a hard look at their inventory, some of the sites they’re pushing off to the future are open. And if you think about our opening cycle there is 12 to 24 months from the time we identify a site until we go to ground break, so that’s a lot of time for the market dynamics to shift around a little bit. So we’re just fine tuning around the edges, some of the inventory and not making any dramatic changes to our outlook for our new restaurant openings or our overall CapEx spend.
Peter J. Bensen: Yeah, Mitch. Pricing – being down 120 basis points in pricing is probably the single biggest contributor to the margin weakness there, but we had pressure across a lot of the lines in the P&L. So without that extra pricing, wage rates, little lower efficiency, we threw a lot of new products at the restaurants this quarter. So our efficiency per crew hour was down a little bit. We had additional depreciation from reimages that continue, and we had the increased additional advertising and promotional cost from the new product. So we had, on the cost side these incremental pressures that were not overcome by a stronger comp.
Peter J. Bensen: Andy, you point out the franchise margins they are compared in the capital margins. They're even more sensitive to the comp because the base of cost is more fixed. So the depreciation and the rents are really – we really need a stronger comp to start to get that percentage to move upwards.
Peter J. Bensen: Yeah, Peter, it's premature for us to give any numerical guidance but you can imagine as you point out that our team is constantly looking at how do we best deliver that stable, predictable price to the restaurants. While we're not trying to be market timers, we obviously do look at the markets to see when conditions might be better to layer on some coverage and you can imagine that we are working with our suppliers and our suppliers are putting hedges on, going into next year to provide us some of that stability. Probably at the Analyst Meeting in November it's when we'll start to give some numerical texture on 2014.
Tim Fenton: Brian, first of all as Pete mentioned the UK and Russia have been two of our best performing countries in Europe which represent almost 50% of our company-operated margins. But in spite of – along with that, the team has really done a great job of fine-tuning their P&L efficiencies particularly in labor scheduling and food cost controls, so they've done a very good job on scheduling efficiencies and just working those through the P&L, so we're very happy with the progress they've made.
Tim Fenton: Okay, well Andy I can’t say specifically on what products we have coming in, but we have a pretty robust fourth quarter -- third and fourth quarter coming down the pike. And as far as monopoly we moved it in as everyone has stated already and really take advantage of the food traffic that we do have in our third quarter. So, product’s coming, can’t get specific on it.
Tim Fenton: Bryan, a lot of couponing and vouchering going on, but we're seeing a rise in the non-traditional competitors that we've faced in the past, particularly cafes, convenience stores, bakeries and supermarkets coming up with ready-to-eat meals. So that's been a resurgence for them, particularly in Europe. On China, the overall chicken market is kind of taking a step backwards as it pertains to the IEO. It's starting to dissipate now and coming back but particularly I would say in Western QSR has probably taken the biggest decline.
Tim Fenton: Yeah and in the U.S. Egg White Delight being able to put that different muffins and different carriers. But as we move into the platform deployment of made for you, you’re seeing more customization.
Tim Fenton: Yeah Paul, France if you remember us talking about Casse-Croute, which is a Baguette Sandwich and a drink for under €5 has done extremely well for us, particularly in the lunch day part. France is gaining market share in a declining IEO environment. The thing that we’re working on to address is looking at some erosion at the dinner time and the folks have done a really good job of putting some products in test to address that, but it’s a tough environment there. They’re gaining share at the expense of the rest of the IEO players.
