Kathy Martin: Good morning, and thanks for joining us, everyone. With me on the call today are Chief Operating Officer, Don Thompson; and Chief Financial Officer Pete Bensen. Today's conference call is being webcast live and recorded for replay via phone, webcast and podcast. Before I turn it over to Don, I want to remind everyone that, as always, the forward-looking statements in our earnings release and the 8-K filing also apply to our comments. Both documents are available at www.investor.mcdonalds.com as our reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures mentioned on today's call with their corresponding GAAP measures. And now, I'd like to turn it over to Don.
Kathy Martin: Thanks, Pete. I'll now open the call for analyst and investor questions. [Operator Instructions] So let's start with David Palmer from UBS.
Kathy Martin: All right. So we are about out of time, so I'm going to turn it over to Don, who's got a few closing remarks.
Donald Thompson: We definitely have had a big focus on peak hour, both from what we call peak hour capacity, so that gets into -- as you put it some of the staffing efforts, our staffing levels are up. As you all know, National Hiring Day in the U.S., we targeted hiring 50,000 people. Actual results are coming in at 93,000 people that were hired. And that's increasing our staffing opportunities also for, of course, dayparts but also for the peak hours. So we staffed up better. The new POS system, which is in 10,000 plus restaurants in the U.S., is also helping us from an ease of ordering perspective. And so we have been growing across all dayparts, but we definitely are growing at the lunch daypart as well.
Donald Thompson: The beverage strategy clearly has been working very well. Now the coffee side of that is being implemented in many areas around the world. And frankly, the coffee part of that started in New Zealand and Australia. We are very strong in Germany with a number of McCafés we have there. The U.S., they move forth with the overall beverage strategy, which is inclusive of espresso-based drinks. The frappes, the smoothies, pineapple mango, strawberry, wild berry, those are all products that are being looked at in other parts of the world. Many of the areas are looking forward to an implementation of those products. We do have to be cognizant of our supply chain and be able to make sure that we have ample fruit supply before we move into those, and our supply chain team is doing a great job of readying us for that. So we're looking at the smoothies and some of the other products for their applicability. But at the same token, some of the premium sandwiches that we've seen in other areas of the world. The U.S. team is looking at some of those, whether they be sandwiches like the McWraps or 1955, to basically augment the existing menu pipeline that's in the U.S. right now. So we've got a lot of great -- both from a beverage perspective and a sandwich perspective, snacking, Pete mentioned that, some of the desserts are really traveling around the world at a much quicker pace.
Donald Thompson: In the U.S., yes, U.S. focused on nuggets, chicken nuggets with the new sauces. Also, we did have the benefit of the Pineapple Mango smoothie, Strawberry Lemonade. And those things really still comping on top of what we had last year, which was the introduction of smoothies. And so the U.S. did very well there. We also had the benefit of the price increase and actually the 2 price increases that have been taken and Pete talked briefly about those earlier. So we've had those benefits on the U.S. side. The continued focus on building capacity that was mentioned earlier relative to the peak really supported the business. In Europe, what we saw was a combination of the initiatives that they've had in place, combined with us continuing to monitor some of the commodity-based pressures, taking appropriate price increases. But we've had great sandwiches like -- I've mentioned the McWrap, I mentioned 1955 before, we mentioned some of our value executions with Little Tasters, and P’tits Plaisirs, the whole SAS value campaign that we have in Germany. So we've got quite a few things that are taking place that really supported us. The other benefit that we had was there was a holiday shift in Germany, particularly it was across Europe, but in Germany particularly where in the month of May, we saw some negative impact from some of the shifts of holidays. We picked that up in a benefit in the month of June. So very, very solid performance, very, very solid guest count growth. As I mentioned earlier, continued momentum, and we're looking at July comps in range of 4 to 5 percentile.
Donald Thompson: I think, Greg, I think China clearly has -- we're seeing some growing disposable income there. We know that the Chinese government has really put in play their perspective of continuing to ensure that minimum wage growth at a rapid pace. And so we're managing that from a labor perspective, but at the same time, we see the benefit of that increased disposable income in terms of consumer purchasing power. And therefore, our appeal as a brand across the lunch program, the breakfast daypart, the initiatives that we've launched, our service initiatives, more drive-thrus in the marketplace, more restaurants in the marketplace, a stronger marketing voice, we made investments there. All of these things are coming to bear, I believe, in China. And we're seeing some really good momentum there and our team is very strong. I was over earlier this year, very, very pleased with the development plan and the process there. Very pleased with our operational execution. We're learning better and better how to start up new restaurants and do it at the rate and pace where we've got going now. So the Chinese team is hitting on all cylinders now.
Donald Thompson: Jason, relative to the U.S., you'll definitely see some ongoing, some new things. What the U.S. has done extremely well though, and I'd have to say this, is the beverage implementation has been great. Strength at breakfast and the addition of oatmeal, along with advertising core favorites in breakfast, has worked well. They are looking at some other products that they could implement. Clearly, the Angus burger has continued to perform for us. But we've got some different products at are in different part -- different test around the U.S. Some burger test, a couple of burger tests that I think you guys -- we'll be able to tell you about it at some point in the future if the test prove out, I'm sure they will. I talked about garden wraps and McWraps from Europe. The U.S. is looking at those clearly. We've got a couple of other things in the dessert pipeline in the U.S. we'll be able to talk about, and ongoing innovation from a beverage perspective. We really lean on the U.S. for some of the beverage focus and innovation, and we look to Europe and have for some of that burger innovation, and we're seeing some really great innovation out of Asia in terms of chicken-based products and snacking. So all of those things combined together really are part of, if you would, our global menu pipeline. And you'll see some of those come through from a U.S. perspective.
Donald Thompson: Well, it's a great question. I think that the team has done a really solid job of executing McCafé. Well, let's keep in mind as well, a big part of the McCafé chain was really the improvement in our drive-thru layout and our drive-thru capacity. But now that we have, and we have an appropriate layout, we mentioned before that it would not only be espresso-based coffees, but we're moving to frozen, blended drinks. And then we said proprietary-based drinks. All of those things have played well. Iced coffee’s still in the lineup. We have the products in the restaurant now to be able to do combinations of things. And I know that the chefs are looking at that and looking at more new products. We've seen some of those products in the potential pipeline here. And so I think it can continue to grow. From a percentile perspective, how high can it go, we still view ourselves as an underdog in the beverage category when it comes to frozen, blended beverages. And so for us, being an underdog is a great thing because we have an opportunity to take even more business in this regard. And we can do it at the speed of McDonald's. So the whole combination of drive-thru capacity is a big part of what we're able to deliver in this regard.
Donald Thompson: Europe is still fragile, and I think we all know that. Unemployment, U.K. is at about 7.8%, Germany about 7.3%, France is about 9.7%. So we're still seeing some fairly high unemployment rates across Europe. And from an IEO perspective, it is interesting. If you look at some markets, you'll see IEO, from a growth rate perspective, has diminished. Other areas, it's very, very lackluster. Every now and then, you get a bright spot. You see that Russia is growing but still not at some of the historic rates, and that's due to austerity measures. So what you see -- what we see across Europe -- and it's also a mix in consumer confidence. So you look in the U.K., consumer confidence is eroding a bit, Germany is going up a little bit, France is fairly flat. So it's an interesting set of markets relative to all the economic indicators. For our business, as we move forward, we just continue to focus on being able to have, first of all, value at each tier, bring forward some new innovative news in terms of our menu, at the same time, make sure that from a convenience factor, we're there, and from a base value factor, we're right there for the consumers across Europe. And so right now, still a mixed bag, second half of the year. It depends upon to what happens with some of the additional austerity measures. Some of the markets like Portugal are looking at increased VAT. So it's -- we do have to continue to watch what takes place with some of the austerity measures, and make sure we're prepared from a value perspective and from an operating perspective.
Donald Thompson: Nicole, it varies based upon the product. And so we see a great regular menu, regular daypart if you would, afternoon, later evening movement with products like the smoothies and the frappes. However, interestingly enough, we do sell frappes at breakfast, in the breakfast daypart and the smoothies [indiscernible], I mean, in the smoothies. But interestingly -- and our smoothies are skewed more towards the rest of the day like frappes are. Counter to that is the espresso-based coffees and our drip coffee in general. That's cued toward the morning daypart. Strawberry Lemonades, we continue to look at those products to see whether or not the buying habits change. But snack daypart, mid-daypart for those. Also add-ons in the early day. Our dinner daypart typically, the more indulgent based products sell at the dinner daypart. So we get a mix across the dayparts which is very, very good because it smooths the capacity impact in our ability -- helps our ability to deliver at the speed of McDonald's.
Donald Thompson: Sara, I think if you look at some of the product introductions, you'll get a feel, really -- and that's the best way for us to really approach it. Beverages, we're gaining share clearly based upon the McCafé beverages. They've been growing at a really good pace. Also though, we're growing beverages on the value platform. So when you look at Dollar Drinks and dollar sweet tea, those areas, we're growing our business there. Breakfast wise, clearly, we're growing business at the breakfast daypart. Oatmeal has been a large incremental for us at breakfast. So we're getting the incrementality of an oatmeal. So where exactly those dollars are coming from, we haven't dissected that or really pinpointed from other competitors, we just know they're coming from the broader marketplace. And clearly, in the area of chicken with the success of nuggets, we grew our chicken business quite a bit. The other thing we're doing in the U.S. though is extending and expanding hours. And so we've gone from about 36% up to about 40% in terms of our 24 and extended hour operations. And so when you look at that, we're becoming more accessible. We are definitely getting in some of the product categories and we're improving our peak-hour service and our ability to satisfy customers during the peak periods where we have a higher flow through of customers. And so all of those things are areas where we're seeing some business gains.
Donald Thompson: John, relative to self-order kiosk, so France has really been our primary test market for self-order kiosks. We do have a few in some other areas, but the real key has been France. That's where we're really modeling out the benefit of self-order kiosks. It is not for every restaurant. It is one of those things that helps us pull traffic away from the front counter and helps us get basically another initiation point in terms of being able to place orders, which go back into the kitchen. And so that is what self-order kiosk has done. Now, what it helps some of the areas in terms of early read, it's that when you have an opportunity as a customer to be in a position where you're placing your own order, you take your own time. So if you're a person that takes a little longer or if you're a mom or dad with kids, they tend to like the ability to go at their own pace with a self-order kiosk. So those are the things that we're really testing. I think right now we've got about 700, 760, 770 or so in France and we'll probably stay around that number until we've really proven out the business case for this.
Donald Thompson: And Jake, relative to mix, and Pete mentioned it earlier, we're still saying if you look across the menu board, so if you look at the mix between the value component products and the rest of the products that we have, those that are on Value Menu versus the rest, we're still seeing about a 10% to 11% in terms of the Dollar Menu if you add Double Cheeseburger in there, then it's up just a couple of points. So if the mix has stayed basically the same, now what's happened is we've got a lot more customers coming into the restaurants. So that part is good. We're still seeing a bunch of same mix there. Clearly, we're selling more beverages and seeing more of those kind of transactions, which is very good for us. But all in all, the mix is not varied that much. And I think the balance of being able to talk about core products and premium products like Angus, along with beverages, along with value has helped us to manage that mix.
Donald Thompson: Larry, and on the premium burger question, and I'll speak of it from a U.S. perspective clearly as where you see more of the advent of more premium burger outlets, if you would, coming into the marketplace. And frankly, I think it's good for us. I think it's a benefit because those premium burgers have higher margin and we've got some of those same premium burgers. When there's advertising on those, we get a benefit. So we're able to do Angus now. As I mentioned earlier, we've got a couple of other things we're looking at in the burger lineup. Keep in mind, Europe has already tested the 1955 very successfully. Big burger, Big Tasty has been out. So we -- I'm really looking forward to us having even more premium burgers. We'll manage it appropriately from a price perspective and be able to deliver that, we think, at an even much more of a value proposition based upon our supply chain and the efficacy of it. But we'll also not only look at beef, we'll look at chicken. We're doing this around the world. And so our menu pipeline is pretty strong and we look forward to capturing even more of the market.
Donald Thompson: So I want to really thank everyone for joining us this morning. And in closing, I'd like to just reiterate our confidence in the continued strength of our business around the world is very strong. We're delivering solid results because the entire McDonald's system remains aligned behind executing our Plan to Win and focused on driving toward our mission to become our customer's favorite place in where to eat and drink.  We'll continue to focus on being smart and strategic in the current environment, as we've talked about today, while always striving to deliver the best customer experience that we can in each of our 33,000 restaurants around the world. So thanks again, and have a great day.
Peter Bensen: Jeff, we had a good quarter in China. Second quarter comps were up 14.4%, almost all of that driven by guest counts. That was on top of a mid-single digit comp last year in the quarter. So traffic and guest count movement, obviously, is very strong there. And key to that in the environment you mentioned, the high inflationary environment, is our everyday value. So our focus, as Don mentioned, I think it was late 2009 we introduced the Value Lunch in China. And now, a renewed focus on value at breakfast, with a RMB 6 muffin and coffee offering, and recently introducing a snacking value menu around RMB 7 and up from there. So, all efforts to drive traffic, yet that the same time, realizing that with input costs rising, we do have to do something to maintain our profitability there. So we did, in July, look at adjusting prices. And when you take some of the products that move to the value menu which effectively were price reductions with some of the other actions, it did net out into a net price increase. But early days, we're seeing no negative impact from that.
Peter Bensen: Michael, you know what, actually, we're seeing a pretty good reaction to the price increases so far. So the one that we took in the U.S. in March, I would say the flow through from that was probably above average of what we typically get on a price increase. Part of that I think is because we hadn't taken one in so long. And it's still early to read on the May increase, but based on our June results, we think that is also being accepted. And generally, that's been the case around the world. So we've been very cautious. We've used our tools, we've looked at all of the other indicators that guide us whether it be grocery store inflation or food away from home and what's going on with competitors and unemployment rates, et cetera. So we've been judicious, and I think as a result of that, we're getting good reaction and good flow through on those price increases. And in terms of is that changing consumer behavior per se, I would say no because we aren't seeing any dramatic spike in the usage of our dollar menus. That would be one indicator. If we raised prices and then suddenly saw a big shift down to Dollar Menu items, we're just not seeing that. So we're pretty comfortable with how we've gone. We'll continue to be judicious as we move forward to balance that guest count growth with those rising input costs.
Peter Bensen: Yes, John. China still remains about 3% of our global operating income. So it's -- well, obviously, its operating income was up for the quarter. It continues to stay in that 3% range on a global basis. The margins for China are a little bit below the average that we report for APMEA, but they were up for the quarter. But there's no chance -- we've accelerated new unit openings. The new stores -- and this is not unique to China, but a new store tends to open at a lower margin than the market average. And then over a couple of years, as the comps build, then it gets to the market average. And that's what we're seeing in China. So we are actually, this quarter, the new store mix was less of a drag on the margin than it was in the first quarter. So it's a combination. We're starting to comp up again having fewer non-comp stores in the mix, as well as the performance of those stores improving.
Peter Bensen: That's a lot of them, Jeff. So our best estimate right now and I think the folks that focus on this are suggesting that food away from home will still grow in that 3% to 4% range for the year. So we'll keep an eye on that. Our goal would be to kind of be in that range, I think. But again, as I mentioned earlier, we're going to be judicious about this and continue to read not only what's happened with the price increases we have taken but what is the sentiment and expectation going forward. But it does feed into your second question. So we think for the year, our cost of goods, our basket is going to top out here in the third quarter, and that we see relief in the fourth quarter. The 2012, it's still too early for me to give you a number, but directionally, my guess is we would see the basket up again in 2012. I think the anomaly of having a large decrease in our basket that we saw in 2010, I'm afraid those days are behind us for a while. And so as we think about price increases for the rest of this year, and we also have to think about what is coming in commodity cost in 2012 and beyond, our suppliers are, as they always do, looking at the markets and putting on positions where it makes appropriate to help lock-in and secure some of that predictability to our pricing in 2012. But at this point, it'd be premature for me to put a number on that.
Peter Bensen: Mitch, in terms of our opening plan for 2011, of the 1,100 restaurants, roughly 150 of those are going to be in the U.S. Another 225 of those are going to be in Europe. 90 plus are going to be in Latin America. So regarding emerging markets, we're going to get nice growth in Latin America. And if you recall, that's a developmental licensee, so no capital from us for that. And then 650 in APMEA, so ex-China, let's say that's 450. Japan is going to give 100; South Korea, 30. There's a lot of the markets that are 20 plus whether it be in the Philippines, or Turkey, or Malaysia or Indonesia. So there are a lot of openings and growth going on in these markets that you'd referred to as emerging. So while it's not a strategy per se, our strategy is we're looking around the world for the opportunities to grow restaurants where we have good demand and we can get good returns. And so we're going to continue to do that.
Peter Bensen: Sara, it's Pete, I'll start with the labor question. The average rate in the U.S. was up just about 1%. So, not a huge increase, but certainly enough to have an impact on the margin a little bit. And really, as you noticed and mentioned, the unemployment rate, obviously, continues to remain high. But one of the factors -- the positive factor for us is that turnover is at record lows. So that's great for customer service, that's great for staff continuity. That does put upward pressure on the wages though. The longer the folks are there, the wages creep up a little bit. So it's that dynamic really, that part has the biggest impact on the wage in the U.S. And I'll let Don talk about where we're taking all the share from.
Peter Bensen: Yes, Keith, we know the reimaging is having a significant impact as you look around the -- but in Europe, by the end of next year, we hope to have 90% of the interiors done. But to date, we only have 40% of the exteriors done in Europe. So we do still have opportunity to continue there. And in France, which is probably our -- they were the leader in this area, they are looking at, I’d call it second-generation of interior remodeling. So when they're essentially done, they're looking at what the next version of the reimaging. And the good news is the way it was done and the materials used and the way it was all put together, that second round of reimaging is much less expensive from a cost perspective. It could be just changing some of the wall coverings or some of the seating and you're able to get an updated refreshed environment without a significant capital outlay. But we're not really seeing a slowdown in terms of the impact when you do a new reimage relative to the marketplace. So it's still in that, let's say, 6% to 7% sales lift when we do a reimaging. And we aren't seeing that slowdown. So we know it's a great investment for today and for the future, and not only does it drive sales, but when you look at all the customer attributes, they tell us those services friendlier, the food is hotter, the restroom is cleaner. They give us a lot of credit in that reimaged surrounding that does help the brand halo and helps their intent to revisit us.
Peter Bensen: Jake, we've said in the past that in what we call a normal year, a 2% to 3% price increase should allow us to maintain margins. And underlying that assumption is that we have a normal commodity cost environment. So that's commodity cost in that 2% to 3% range. And it's also assuming that 2% to 3% gives us -- half of that growth is coming from pricing and half of that is coming from traffic growth. So when years like now, we've got more of our growth coming from traffic, which means you need a higher comp, and we've got commodity cost above that average. So it's something more than the 2% to 3% comp to maintain margins in this current environment. And so obviously, we're going to -- as we've said before, we're not solely going to monitor the company operating margins and focus solely on growing that. We're going to look at that balance between continuing to drive customers, continuing to take market share with the need to cover some of these input costs. So that's our perspective on the pricing.
Peter Bensen: Larry, regarding real estate ownership, I think our desire in every restaurant opening is to own a real estate if we can do it at a reasonable price and get the unit economics to work. Securing that tenure forever and that occupancy costs forever is our goal. So in terms of 2011, we do have a greater proportion of purchased sites than we had in 2010, primarily in Europe where we focused a little bit more. I still say that our expectation was maybe we'd see a little bit more distressed real estate on the market or opportunity to buy sites that maybe we couldn't in the past. But we really aren't seeing that to a meaningful degree, so nothing dramatically different in that regard. We'll continue to focus. With our 2012 development plans are starting to come together, I expect we'll continue to see again increase in purchase size, but not dramatically different than our expectations.
