Cathy Martin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. With me on the call are Chief Executive Officer Jim Skinner; Chief Financial Officer, Pete Bensen; and Chief Operating Officer, Don Thompson. Today's conference call is being webcast live and recorded for replay via phone, webcast and podcast.  Before I turn it over to Jim, I want to remind everyone that, as always, the forward-looking statements in our earnings release and 8-K filing also apply to our comments. Both of these documents are available at www.investor.mcdonalds.com, as are any reconciliations off non-GAAP financial measures mentioned on today's call with their corresponding GAAP measures. So now, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Cathy Martin: I'm going to open the call now for an a list and investor questions. [Operator Instructions] So our first question is from David Palmer of UBS.
Cathy Martin: Okay, great. We are just about out of time, but we'll have a couple of last questions, 1 from Steven (sic) [Steve] West from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Cathy Martin: Great. So thanks for all your questions. I'm going to turn it over to Jim, who has a few closing comments.
Jim Skinner: David, this is Jim. Thanks for the question, and we're very fortunate this morning. We have the guy that initiated the combined beverage initiative in the United States in Don Thompson. And Don's going to respond to your question.
Jim Skinner: I think the other thing, David, to think about and this is we have invested a lot in this, as you know, and even changed the footprint of the store relative to the McCafé offerings. And we have therefore provided the technology, equipment and capability to prepare these drinks, if you will, in a rather seamless fashion. And so -- and what I would say is that all of them are contributing at a level where we wouldn't think about changing the mix or taking anything off the menu.
Jim Skinner: This is Jim. We're not going to change our strategy around what we deliver to consumer on value. That's #1. Everyday affordability is a mainstay at McDonald's strategy regarding the menu, and the combination of all of the things that I talked about this morning is how we deliver consumer relevance. So whether it's the strategy around what we're marketing in that particular month or if the things that Don talked about, menu coming up throughout the year, some of those are standard process. So if you take value drinks for example and the proliferation of some of the new drinks, that's an annual thing and particularly, in the United States. And of course, we view the opportunity to add relevance for our consumers around all of these things. And so whether it's increasing the marketing around a particular premium item or everyday affordability and the balance around all of that, I think it's business as usual as we go through 2011, because not much has changed regarding the consumer in 2011. Consumer confidence took a dip in March where it had gone up in February, and the unemployment's just under 9%. And there's certain things going on in the marketplace that would lead you to believe that, as Pete mentioned, the consumer spending is expected to be up but not substantially different than how we've looked at the business over the last couple of years. It's a mix, and it's a balance, and we're pretty good at it.
Jim Skinner: Well, Don just came back from that market, and I'd also like to have him chat with you about the issue of -- what was...
Jim Skinner: John, thanks for the question. I'll let Don talk about the POS system in a moment. But relative to value, we -- we're capable of changing our tactics around that and have over time. You go back to the Double Cheeseburger and then to the McDouble and some of those other kind of things. But on a wholesale basis, relative to providing everyday affordability both in terms of the Dollar Menu now in the United States, the Eurosaver in Europe and various markets and those other kinds of things, the fundamental premise of that is not going to change. And yes, you've seen over the years that different menu items have moved on and off the Dollar Menu here in the United States. But on an overall basis, the expectation is that we will stay the course on the underlying everyday affordability without a whole lot of shifting in that regard.
Jim Skinner: And our franchisees who I talk to and stay in touch with on this, obviously, they're our #1 constituents relative to the success of the brand, and they lead the charge. We're 80% franchised around the world, 89% in the United States. And they all are supportive relative to how we need to go after everyday affordability and stay the course regarding that at least in terms of my last few conversations that I've had with them. And I don't think that will change, because they are just as concerned about maintaining guest count growth that we've experienced over the -- and they know that's the driver of our success over the long term and their success.
Jim Skinner: Keith, this is Jim Skinner. Thanks for the question. First of all, I think it's very important to understand how much we collaborate with the leadership of the franchisee community regarding our strategies from everything from how we execute at the front counter and drive-thru operationally, customer satisfaction expectations and all the way through how we market to the business and how we communicate to the business and as well as what we decide to do around everyday affordability, as I mentioned earlier. And that collaboration has served us so well over the last number of years, and they also understand 1 thing: we are in this business for the long haul. So whether you're talking about China and some investment in the margin to grow the business over time, it's a long-haul view. It's not a quarterly view. It's not a 12-month view. Our franchisees are in the business for the long haul, and they are onboard relative to our strategies around this and maintaining guest count growth. Now that doesn't mean that you don't have people out there that are stressing and concerned just like we are in the company. But for the most part, they follow the company lead on the pricing and the expectation, company lead, meaning McOpCo. It's not about -- we have skin in the game in this issue as well. As we start thinking about taking margin, most of the time, that is in regard to how we price in McOpCo, but the franchisees typically follow our lead regarding that. And I see nothing out there relative to where we find ourselves in the business today, which -- yes, we've got some headwinds, but just like in another 6 months, we may have some tailwinds. And our consistent approach relative to how we manage the business and collaborate with the franchisees over the long term is a great benefit to our growth as a business.
Jim Skinner: Let me talk about the pricing power relative to reimaged restaurants. And I go back to many, many years ago when we used to think that because we had a modernized restaurant, that because we had ferns and grass that we could take an extra $0.05 in the big sandwiches or do whatever, because our customers would understand because of that wonderful environment that they're in that they ought to pay more for the sandwich. And that was a mistake, and we don't do it that way. The modernization of our restaurants really does not give us additional pricing power on the menu. And we do it because our restaurants either need to be re-modernized, or they're going to be built in a contemporary manner, but it has little to do with overall pricing power.
Jim Skinner: No, I don't think, David, that we're concerned about our pricing power. And I want to just reflect on the question about when we reimage the restaurant, whether we have more pricing power. What we have is an opportunity to serve more customers, because we increase the capacity typically, whether it's the drive-thru or whether it's the service and the technology capabilities in the restaurant. And so I didn't mean to say that we don't have opportunity to grow the business. But it doesn't reflect directly on our ability to tell someone, "Well, look. You're in a reimaged restaurant now so we get to price -- raise the prices." Our pricing elasticity in the brand moves up and down based on inflation, consumer spending, consumer confidence, all of those things that we have talked about many times before, and we're not worried. We have the capability to take price over this next number of months in the U.S., as Pete and Don have talked about. It's just a matter of timing and when it makes the most sense for us, always keeping an ever vigilant eye on everyday affordability, which is the most important thing for our consumers. I've said it many times before. They get pinched everywhere. They should not suffer the same fate at McDonald's. So this look that we have at food away from home and even food at home and paying attention to that relative to the long-term credibility with our customers and pricing. It's the most important thing that we do. And so the answer is no, we're not worried about that elasticity or that pricing power. We're -- but we're -- what we pay very close attention to it in the overall mix of how we decide to price going forward. And we never pass on directly all of our costs to the customers.
Jim Skinner: Thanks, everybody, for joining us this morning. In closing, I want to reemphasize the ongoing strength of our global business and our confidence in the continued success of our brand. We're focused on smartly and strategically managing the market forces around us while relentlessly working to serve our customers better. Our fundamentals and Plan to Win strategies are strong, and I'm optimistic that we can continue to drive results in any environment moving forward. Thanks, and have a great day.
Donald Thompson: Just a couple of things. 1 is I think as you look at cold and hot beverages, our goal has always been actually to have enough in the pipeline that we were able to be able to kind of mitigate some of the seasonality impact you've talked about. And we're still focused on the McCafé hot beverages. We did hot Mocha last year. I think the team's doing a solid job of advertising those. On the cold side, very astute in terms of the question, but there's other weapons in the arsenal there. So not only frappes and smoothies, which were really, really big hits, to your point, iced coffee, but also, don't forget the entire ice -- or the cold beverage movement in terms of dollar drinks, which typically are across the summer months. And so we've got quite a bit going on with those cold beverages. The U.S. also has quite an inventory in the pipeline relative to looking at things that are upcoming like strawberry lemonade. We've got another smoothie flavor that's coming out this year. So we've been able to be very successful, and it has helped the business tremendously. However, we also want to make sure we continue to stay focused on the hot drinks. Lastly, on the hot drink side, also we can't forget that the predominance of hot drinks is in drip coffee. And so we have quite a lot of business, clearly, as we've gone from just -- if you look at overall beverages in terms of the McCafé, 2% several years ago when we talk to over 6% today.
Donald Thompson: Greg, this is Don. Actually, quite a few things that are in the pipeline, and 1 of the points too -- we've got quite a few questions relative to menu pipeline. Here's the thing that's really working well. We really have a global menu pipeline, and I'll talk about the U.S. pipeline here too. And as I talk about it, I'll talk about a couple other products that the U.S. is now looking at that are coming from overseas but also some of the products from the U.S. that are being exported overseas, because we've got a lot of traveling around. Right now, the U.S. is focused -- and you guys will see in the next, I'll say, in a short time, you'll see more innovation relative to the smoothie drinks. I think you probably already know. We probably talked about pineapple mango, and there's a strawberry lemonade coming up on the Beverage side. We've got additional nugget promotions. We've got the revamping of the chicken lineup in terms of the sandwiches that are there. The whole nugget piece has been phenomenal for us, and I know the U.S. is going to hit that again, along with the ongoing support in the restaurants, clearly, of Angus and the return of the Asian salad. So those are some the things that you're going to see in a relatively short period of time. If you look a little longer out, there's a few products, actually quite a few products, that the U.S. has in test, and we'll have to wait to see which of these make it to market. But everything from spicy chicken sandwiches -- we have some of those across APMEA. The U.S. is looking at those quite intently. There's a smaller product called McBites, a snacking-type product that we're testing over in Australia. Actually, it's rolled out in the market in Australia now. The U.S. is looking at it. Clearly, they're looking at some of the sandwiches like Chicken Mythic, Chicken Legend that we have from Europe just as Europe is looking at the fruit, the frappes and the smoothies. So there's quite a few things that are in the pipeline now. We had a discussion with U.S. team last week relative to the pipeline, and it looked solid.
Donald Thompson: Jason, just to remind us too, we've had similar conversations in years past. A couple of years ago, I remember having similar conversations when we began to focus on guest counts. And the reality is we have continued to outperform the market, and we have outperformed all of our competitors in the space. And the reason for that has been because of the guest count growth and then at the appropriate time, being able to take price and leveraging the overall product mix. And last year, we were focused very heavily on menu and value. This year, the U.S. is beginning to focus a little bit more on some of the higher-margin products. So all of those things will go into the mix as we attempt to manage this even further throughout the year.
Donald Thompson: Sara, first off, on National Hiring Day, the intent really for us was to be able to -- in a solid voice, be able to leverage the McDonald's strength to be able to put a call out in terms of employment. We thought it would be good for us as McDonald's. We do and have continued to hire through some of the economic downturns, but we also thought it would be a more unified way to get the message out that McDonald's is hiring. Our focus internally is on leveraging that labor to continue to help us grow the business. We've grown guest counts tremendously. And so we want to make share that we're able to provide the same level of operational excellence in the restaurants that we've been able to provide. Now relative to specific focal points, we are very focused on our peak hours and how we continue to build our business during the peak-hour guest count timeframe. So we'll leverage, primarily, labor for that. However, we're also extending and expanding in terms of our extended hours. So we're going to use the labor wherever we need it in the business. So that's what's happening with the National Hiring Days. Relative to China -- just came back from China. And I tell you, I was -- it's my third visit, and I was extremely impressed with our development strategies and extremely impressed with the talent we've brought on, some really outstanding new talent in the development arena. The training that we have going on right now as we accelerate for the new openings and we accelerate openings has been phenomenal. And these restaurants have opened up, and I saw quite a few of them in my 3 days across China, both in Shanghai, Beijing and even Tianjin. We are opening restaurants that look great and are operating at very high levels. So to do that, we've got to train our teams, and we train them in existing restaurants. And so we have an accelerated pace there, which is really working out well. In terms of things we do that others don't do, I can't speak to all that others do. I will say this: our 6.5% is based upon also a tremendous guest count growth not just taking price. And having said that, what that means is that we are building quite a bit of breakfast traffic. We're building quite a bit of lunch traffic with our value strategies. Back in November, we went to off of that strategy for 1 month and saw a little business dip. So we've gone right back to our value messaging around lunch and breakfast, and it's paying great dividends. And so will we take price in China? We will take price in China, have taken some price but not at the scale, possibly, of some others. And so we're going to continue to stay focused on guest count building.
Donald Thompson: John, relative to the POS system, it is in all of the company-operated restaurants now. It allows us to do several different things, some of which you've seen, whether that be operational ease in the drive-thru; dual drive-thru lanes; hand-held order taking, which we're beginning to implement more and more the restaurants, which help with operational ease and speed of service. And also, I think, John, you may have been in 1 of the restaurants. I can't remember, but to see us actually -- or see a crew person actually go through the ordering process, they have to use far less screens now as they're taking an order, which means that the speed of service time is being decreased. All of these things help us, again, at peak hours, so we have a higher level of capacity to move more customers through. And they're enabling us to be able to drive some of the guest count numbers that you guys have seen.
Donald Thompson: Andy, this is Don. We -- at this stage of the game, there was a time when we were actually behind in terms of the wage rate game, and we were trying to catch up. As you know, the Chinese government has determined that they want to double wages by the year 2015. At this date, we're above -- actually, we're double digit above the actual wage rates now and the way that they're planning on increasing. Part of the reason for that is to be able to: 1, get the kind of people that we want to have in the restaurants and the right talent. And so as we move through the year, we don't see this -- what's happening is as we accelerate the sites, clearly, we're training more people. At some point, we'll get to a steady state, but right now, we're accelerating our growth. We have an inventory and a pipeline to build a lot more sites. This year, we're targeted, as we've said, to do between 175 to 200. When I was there, I had a chance to review many of those sites with them and look at the trading area surveys, fantastic sites that we have. The challenge in China -- and it's not as much a challenge as it is really a business planning piece. And that is we go into many of these preplanned master plan communities about a year to 1.5 years ahead of time so that we can get a good, stable footing. So what we're seeing is -- so our first year sales are a little softer. Second year sales, we're seeing double-digit comps, which is exactly what we've seen historically, and those comps remain strong in the third year. So the development strategy right now is how we can manage the margins relative to labor, and we're in a really good position. Some of the other folks in the marketplace are trying to catch up to the position we're at. There will be another wage increase coming up soon in China. It will not impact us as much as it's going to impact others.
Donald Thompson: Keith, this is Don. And just a little texture to Jim's point and having lived through this from 2006 as the President of U.S. just up until last year. 1 of the things to keep in mind, and Jim has said this repeatedly, but we really have a lot of ongoing collaboration with the franchisees. There's a standing value team as a part of our op-net organization. They continue to look at pricing on our value menus, margin, operating cash flow in the restaurants. We also have a supply chain management collaboration with the franchisees. So they're up to speed on this ramp-up in terms of commodities. As it ramps up, those teams will give feedback to the overall system, and that's in conjunction with our own folks. So these are not once-every-quarter meetings. These folks are meeting on a routine and a frequent basis. Also, our cash flows have been strong. This is not the first time we've been through this, 2007, part of it, 2008. We've seen commodity stresses and pressures before. Each time we have, we've gotten together to focus on what are the most critical things to make sure we manage the business for the long term. So these are some more commodity pressures, but to Pete's point, it was the same thing we saw -- we're at the same level that we were in 2009.
Donald Thompson: I think, Jim, you said it. The only other aspect of it is -- and that's the reason we have the Value Menus that we have, so that if discretionary income begins to become impacted, we have opportunities for customers to still be able to visit McDonald's.
Donald Thompson: Steve, we actually built the -- I mean, as you all know that, the big part of McCafé was us to build out that sale in the restaurants so we have higher capacity. And we also had a strategy at that time of moving from the coffee-based drinks to the blended ice drinks to proprietary blended drinks, which is exactly where we are now. We're looking at strawberry lemonade and others in terms of the pipeline. And so capacity wise, we're in really good shape. It's the reason that we did the build-outs of the sales and also to help us in drive-thru speed. And then pipeline wise, we're going to continue to look at proprietary blended drinks and more of those, continue to look at things that we can do. We've got dairy in the restaurants. We've got coffee in the restaurants. We've got fruit in the restaurants, fruit purees in the restaurants. So we're going to continue to combine those, and the chefs are working on other blended drinks there. Lastly, McCafé beverages -- the McCafé average check is higher than our other average checks in the restaurant. And when you look at McCafé, it's always a trade up when that drink is purchased. So we feel real good about the ongoing progress that we have and opportunity in McCafé.
Peter Bensen: Sure, Joe. First of all, we were talking before the call. We knew you would ask about the China comp, so we're prepared for that. 6.5% was the comp for the quarter compared to a 1.4% comp a year ago, first quarter. Regarding the U.S., the commodities were still the biggest -- it's a couple of things. 1, as I mentioned, we did a 1% price increase, but that was not until early March. And we hadn't done another price increase since late 2009. So we had no benefit from pricing, essentially, in the quarter. We did have the food cost pressure. And compared to the first quarter last year, we had, let's say, 150 basis points of benefit from lower food costs. Here, we had a 40-basis-point drag from the higher food costs. And then every other line item it seemed was going just slightly negative. So we had a 10-point hit from labor and a 10-basis-point hit from higher promotional costs, which were some of the Oatmeal giveaways and discounting. We had higher utilities, a little higher depreciation, a little higher snow plowing expense those first couple of months. We saw most of these other expenses higher in those first 2 months of the quarter when the sales were a little bit softer, and we didn't have a benefit from refranchising that we'd had the last several quarters. So predominantly, it was the change in food cost that was the biggest driver, yet we had a lot of these other small items that accumulated to the impact.
Peter Bensen: Jason, it's Pete. You hit on the 2 drivers, right? The costs are going to get a little bit worse, and we know we'll get the benefit of our March price increase along with additional price increases, benefiting some of those what I'd call one-time things that were a nuisance in the first couple of months won't recur. It will be challenging to grow margins in that environment. There's no question about that. I'm not going to attempt to predict if 90 basis points decline is going to be the benchmark for the year or not. But you've hit on the things we're focused on, which is what is going to be the price increase and how to best manage the costs. But at the same time, as I did mention, in this environment, the last few years, we've been very successful at driving guest counts, and we don't want to do anything on the pricing side that's going to dramatically change that, yet recognize that food away from home is projected to be up 3% to 4% this year. And so that's what gives us the opportunity to get some price. So we're going to balance all that. We don't just manage to the 1 margin number, but I think you've hit on the things that we're focused on.
Peter Bensen: All right, Jeff. In the U.S., the food away from home, the trailing 12 months through February is up about 1.5%. The 3% to 4% was the full year projection. I think you knew that but just to clarify. So historically, what our lesson tells us is getting ahead of food away from home is bad for traffic, but staying at or just below it is kind of the optimal place. So we're going to continue to watch that as we move throughout the year. It's 1 of the inputs to our pricing. This is really more of an art than it is a science, but it definitely is an input that we're going to keep an eye on, as well as, like I said, what's happening at grocery stores and food at home and gas prices and some of those other things. But it will be a guide for us as we move throughout the year. Regarding Europe, we have not seen any significant change in consumer behavior as a result of some of the austerity measures going on. U.K., for example, they had the 2.5% VAT increase and some other austerity measures in the country. They ran nearly a double-digit comp for the quarter, very strong sales momentum and guest count growth. And across Europe, the strategies have been very similar in the first quarter to what we had in 2010 and prior: promotion of premium products, rotating food events, at the same time hitting everyday affordability with the equivalent of their Dollar Menus and their mid-tier menus, the fourth tier. It's been, again, a combination that has been relatively consistent this first quarter relative to 2010, and we're cautiously optimistic that, that environment will continue for us.
Peter Bensen: Mitch, it's nothing that was missed in the outlook in January. It's actually the events that have happened since then that have dramatically moved all the markets from floods in Australia, which were impacting the beef market; to the unrest in the Middle East, which has driven oil to over $110 a barrel; to release of the grain stock inventories, which are at all-time lows; to the weak U.S. dollar, which has driven beef exports up over 30%. It's been all of these factors that have impacted, to a significant degree in the course of just 3 months, virtually every item in our basket. So our supply chain had great visibility into matters at the time when they gave the forecast, and several significant things have happened, none to offset. So everything going in the direction of higher costs, and I would be surprised, as you listen to other companies, that they aren't also up there updating their guidance as I've already seen a few of them do.
Peter Bensen: And John, as a perspective, before Don talks about new POS. Even with these cost increases that we're seeing this year -- that brings our commodity cost really just back to 2009 levels. So the input cost for those items is very similar to what it was 2 years ago. So although it's high this year relative to last year, it's not at an unprecedented level.
Peter Bensen: Franchise margins, as you know, are insulated from the commodity costs. So we get a lot of leverage from growing comps there, yes.
Peter Bensen: And regarding the commodity outlook, John, we don't get into the individual line items with you and things like that. I think it's fair to say now, compared to where we were in January, we have more secured positions. So we have more hedges and things like that in the supply chain, but look at -- follow the markets today. I mean, this is reflective of what's happened in the commodity markets over the last 3 months, really, on several small unhedged positions. And so if the commodity markets move significantly from here and the main ones, obviously, looking at beef, looking at corn, wheat, coffee, et cetera, our guidance reflects where the markets are today. If they stay around these levels, the 4% to 4.5% should be locked in. If they move dramatically up or down then we'll have to reflect that as we move foreword.
