Ian Borden: Thanks, Chris. As we've discussed, we continue to operate in a challenging environment with varying levels of headwinds across our markets. Looking ahead to this year, we anticipate these headwinds will continue as the current macro dynamics continue to weigh on both our consumers and our business results along with the war in the Middle East. As we navigate these ongoing challenges, continuing to execute at the highest level with a laser focus towards growing market share will be critical. It's clear that we've had exceptional success over the last four years with strong broad-based momentum and global comp sales of over 30% when compared to 2019. It's truly remarkable. But as we’ve mentioned before, we anticipate 2024 comp sales growth will continue to moderate as we return to a more normalized level of growth with expectations closer to historical averages of between 3% and 4% in our U.S. and IOM segments. And in IDL, we do not expect to see meaningful improvement until there is a resolution in the Middle East. We expect our net restaurant expansion in 2024 along with restaurants we opened in 2023 will contribute nearly 2% to system wide sales growth as we begin to accelerate our new unit development and make progress against our target of 50,000 restaurants by 2027. With expectations of moderating sales growth and ongoing inflationary headwinds, we expect our company operated margin percent will remain pressured in the near term and we expect the full year 2024 company operated margin percent will be relatively in line with 2023. Turning to G&A, the financial strength of our system enables us to invest in areas that will drive long term efficiencies for our people and for our stakeholders. We expect 2024 G&A as a percentage of system wide sales to be about 2.2%, which reflects elevated investments in technology, digital and global business services or GBS. Through these investments we'll look to run the business more efficiently over time, and ultimately free up more resource to continue to drive long-term growth. Despite headwinds throughout the P&L, we anticipate an operating margin of mid to high 40% in 2024, driven primarily by top-line growth and franchise margin performance. We're projecting interest expense this year to increase between 9% and 11% compared to 2023 due to higher average debt balances and interest rates and we expect our effective tax rate for the year to be between 20% and 22%. Transitioning to capital expenditures we plan to spend between $2.5 billion and $2.7 billion this year, more than half of which will be dedicated to new unit openings across our U.S. and IOM segments. Globally, we plan to open more than 2,100 restaurants this year, with about 500 of these openings in our U.S. and IOM segments, where we continue to see strong returns. We also expect to open more than 1,600 restaurants in our IDL segment this year, including about 1,000 in China, where we recently completed the acquisition of Carlyle's 28% stake in McDonald's China. We're excited to have increased our minority ownership to 48% in our second largest and fastest growing market and believe it will enable us to further benefit from the market's long-term potential. Overall, we anticipate about 4% unit growth, driven by more than 1,600 net restaurant additions in 2024. And finally, we expect to generate strong cash flow in 2024 with free cash flow conversion in the 90% range. Going forward, our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. First, investing in the business to drive growth. This includes both capital expenditures, as well as increased cash investments in technology, digital, and GBS. Second, returning all remaining free cashflow through dividends and share buybacks over time. While the macro environment remains challenging, we believe that our Accelerating the Arches strategy is the right playbook and we continue to maximize our [MC&D] (ph) growth pillars to drive strong results. We have confidence that our competitive strengths and our ability to continue to evolve to stay ahead of the customer positions us to succeed in any economic environment, delivering long-term growth for our system and our shareholders. Now let me turn it back over to Chris to close.
Ian Borden: And maybe, John, I'll just build on a bit on Chris' comments. I mean, I think two things. One is, as we talked about in our prepared remarks, we've got almost an entirely new leadership team in place in the market, a team that has a tremendous amount of McDonald's business experience and we have a lot of confidence in that team and the experience they bring, I think, to drive the right catalyst. I think when you have a market that maybe is a little bit off track, what you look to, have you got the right people with the right experience to drive change. And then do you feel like you have clarity of sight to the kind of underlying issues that you need to address. And I think on both of those fronts, we feel good. Obviously, as Chris spoke about, it's going to kind of take a moment to get momentum going back in the right direction. But I know together with our franchisees in France, we're going to be aggressive to kind of go after the opportunities that we exist. And I think we're very, very aligned in how we're approaching that with them.
Ian Borden: Good morning, Jeff. It's Ian. So let me take that. I think as we talked about on the comps in our opening remarks, I think -- and we've been talking about it, as you know, pretty consistently over the last couple of quarters, as inflation levels have come down and, obviously, our pricing broadly is coming down in line with kind of inflation getting back to what I'll call more normal levels, I think that's why we talk about comps kind of getting back to more of that historical norm range of 3% to 4% in both the U.S. and IOM this year. I mean, I think the only texture I'd give you there is, we had a slower start to the year. I think there are a couple of important reasons for that. Firstly, we had a really strong start to 2023. So obviously, we're lapping against that. And then, I think you'll remember a year ago we talked about just the abnormally mild weather that we were dealing with as a tailwind benefit in beginning of 2023 in both North America and Europe, and so we're obviously working against that as well. I think if I was to think about the year, I think about the back half of the year probably being slightly stronger -- slightly stronger than probably the front half. Just again, we had an incredibly strong first two quarters of 2023 that we're working against. And I think some of the macro factors that were -- are going to impact us in 2024 could, I think, be slightly easing towards the back half of this year versus the front half. On op margin, look, I mean if you go back to 2019, I think we've had a pretty strong demonstration of what we will continue to talk about, which is, over time, certainly believe we continue to be able to drive leverage and op margin as we get the strong top line growth. If you go back to 2019, we were kind of in that 44-ish percent range. We ended last year at just over 47%. I think that's a pretty strong proof point of our ability to continue to grow margins as we look forward on a percentage basis. I think obviously, as Chris talked about 2024, we've got some headwinds to work through, but feel really confident about our ability to continue to grow margins over time.
Ian Borden: Yes. Thanks, Chris. So maybe just a couple of builds to that. I mean, David, you know that, as I've talked about before, I think we've got an incredibly resilient business model. Obviously, if you look back over the last several years, we've had to work through a number of different external challenges, and I think the geographic breadth, the size and scale of our business and our financial strength means we're in a position of strength to kind of work through any of these challenges, including the one that we're currently facing in the Middle East with the war that's going on. In regards to kind of support for franchisees or DL partners, as I've talked about before, I mean, providing support is part of our business model. It's obviously how we work together with our franchisees when conditions outside of their control warrant support. But when we do that, it's always, as you know, targeted and temporary and designed, obviously, to go to owner-operators or partners who are most in need. I think as Chris said, we've got some incredibly strong partners in the Middle East, the majority of those partners have been with us for 20 years or more. We've worked through a variety of challenges over the years. And I think we'll continue to be focused on supporting our team members in the region, working with the communities that we do business in and working closely with the DL partners to get through this together. And I'm very, very confident that we'll do that.
Ian Borden: I might just add on a couple of things to Chris. I mean first, I would just acknowledge the team and our team in China, we opened just over 1,000 restaurants in 2023, which was an all-time high for us. And as Chris mentioned, as we talked about in our remarks, we completed the acquisition of the additional 28% to take our stake to 48% at the end of January. And I think we continue to remain really optimistic about the long-term opportunity there and our ability to have an increased stake in that long-term opportunity with that additional stake acquisition. And we're looking forward to getting that market to 10,000 restaurants by end of 2028, which is, I think, a really important milestone as we look forward.
Ian Borden: Yes. You, I think, covered all the bases, Chris, but maybe just a couple of builds. I mean, I think we did see overall pricing for the year just around 10%. But as Chris noted, in the fourth quarter that level of pricing came down, obviously, in line with inflation and was in that high single-digit range. I mean, I think we're continuing to see pretty consistent flow through with pricing, which I think is really important because it goes back to what I've spoken about before with just the tools and capabilities that we've put in place to make sure that when we are taking pricing, we're doing that in the most effective way possible. Obviously, as we head into 2024, knowing inflation has come down a fair bit from its peak. I think, as I said earlier, I think our pricing we certainly expect will come down roughly in line with that as we work through the year. We certainly know consumers are more weary or weary of pricing, and we're going to continue to be consumer led in our pricing decisions as we kind of look forward to 2024 and knowing that the environment will continue to be competitive. We'll be thoughtful together with our franchisees, obviously, who make those decisions in their own restaurants as we look forward.
Ian Borden: Sara, it's Ian. Let me take that one. Well, look, I think you've heard me talk about this before. But the way we think about G&A is kind of in two broad buckets. I mean, firstly, we want to continue to work to run our business as efficiently as we can. We know we've got some opportunities in that area. It's why I talked about in our upfront remarks that we're going to continue to invest in the areas where we think we have strategic opportunities to drive greater efficiency. A lot of that work is going to be led by the Global Business Services organization that we stood up and is driving these transformation efforts in area like HR, finance, tech and getting after spend opportunities in areas like indirect sourcing. So part of what we're focused on is continuing to make those strategic investments so that we can continue to drive greater efficiency in how we operate, which, if you go back to the principles of kind of accelerating the organization, which was really what that whole initiative was designed around was how do we get faster, how do we get more innovative and how do we get more efficient in how we're running the business. The second kind of broad area of G&A spend is obviously investing in the areas that we feel like we've got opportunity to drive growth and strong returns for the business. And part of running the business more efficiently is to make sure we have the resources available to invest behind the opportunities that we believe exist, and we continue to believe we've got significant opportunities. I think we've talked previously to the examples of kind of our tech platforms and digital capabilities where we continue to make significant investment. Those, I think, are really strong examples of the type of growth when you look at the growth mix that are coming from those investments and obviously continuing to drive strong returns for us, and we're going to continue, obviously, to invest behind those growth opportunity areas that we have. And so I think that's -- over time, as you kind of look forward, I do believe we'll continue to be able to gain leverage in G&A as a percentage of sales. But I think certainly in the short term, our focus is going to be in those areas that I highlighted.
Ian Borden: Good morning, Chris. Let me take that. Yes, you're right. I think as you said, in our opening comments we talked about the fact that we think our 2024 company-operated margin percent will be roughly in line with where we ended for 2023. I mean, I think there are a few things that are going on, so I'll kind of talk about it, U.S. and then International. I mean I think in the U.S., if you look at kind of commodity inflation for 2024, we think that will be in the low single-digit range. I think wage inflation probably in the mid to higher single-digit range. Part of that is because of the impact of what we're going to have to work through in California, which I know you'll be aware of and the significant wage increases that come into effect there at the beginning of April. I think internationally, on the commodity side, again, I think we expect commodity inflation to be in that low single-digit range. Wage inflation probably in the low to mid-single-digit range. So obviously, we've still got kind of the current inflationary effects. And at the same time, we've got, obviously, carryover from much higher kind of inflation levels that we experienced as we work through 2023. So those are a bit of maybe kind of the -- kind of pressures. Obviously, you've heard us talk about what we think from a sales perspective. So obviously, we're going to get a lift as we continue to grow sales through 2024 landing kind of where I said. But I think we remain really confident that we can continue to drive leverage in margins as we look forward as some of these inflationary pressures begin to settle on a more consistent basis. And we're able to continue to grow sales, which we're obviously really, really confident in our ability to do that with the plans and strategies that we've got in place.
Chris Kempczinski: For nearly 70 years the McDonald's story has been one of growth, a first job for millions, the best franchising opportunity in the world, and a familiar beacon of support for the over 40,000 communities we serve. In fact, our U.S. business generated 1.4 million jobs and contributed $108 billion to the U.S. GDP in the last year alone. Even as the world around us continues to change the power of our brand has stood the test of time. That’s because McDonalds’s continues to reinvent itself and stay one step ahead of our customers. While our Accelerating the Arches strategy is working, we will only keep growing when we're continuing to take smart risks and operating with the long term mind set. Ray Kroc said it best, the only way we can advance is by going forward individually and collectively in the spirit of the pioneer, in the pride of accomplishment. Even with all that we've accomplished since the launch of Accelerating the Arches, I am confident that there is so much more that we can achieve. I look forward to coming together with all three legs of our stool at our upcoming worldwide convention this April to share how we will reimagine our future together. Thank you to our franchisees, suppliers, and employees whose passion and dedication is central to bringing the McDonald's experience to life for our customers each and every day. With that, we'll take questions.
Chris Kempczinski: Hi. David. It’s Chris. Thanks for the question. First on your question about the Middle East. Obviously the place that we are seeing the most pronounced impact is in the Middle East, we are seeing some impact in other Muslim countries like Malayasia, Indonesia. And then as far as IOM impact, it depends on the country. So in a country, for example France that has a larger Muslim population, we are seeing some impact in France. It depends very much on where the restaurant is located and if it's in a Muslim area. But we are seeing some impact there. And then in other countries, like Spain, like in Italy, we're seeing no impact. So it really depends very much on the country. But, as I said, the most pronounced impact that we're seeing is in the Middle East and in Muslim countries like Indonesia and Malaysia. Also, as we said in our prepared remarks, our outlook is, so long as this conflict, this war is going on, we're not making any plans, we're not expecting to see any significant improvement in this. It's a human tragedy what's going on, and I think that that does weigh on brands like ours. Back to your other question about potentially a reacceleration as we also said in the prior remarks and we also talked about it at Investor Day, we're expecting 2024 to be normalizing comp sales growth in that kind of 3% to 4% range, which is, where we've been more historically. So, we certainly had great performance over whether you look at it on a two-year horizon, a four-year horizon, 30 plus percent on a four-year horizon, call it 14% or so on a two-year horizon. So, feel great about that, but I think we are moving into 2024 that’s going to look more like what you would have considered a typical year prior to COVID and all the things that have gone on.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure, thanks for the question. You're right in pointing out France for us has been historically one of our best markets. We have some of our highest customer satisfaction in that market. We have some of our highest franchising cash flows in that market. We're not happy with our performance in France right now. And if I were to isolate two areas that we are focused on to improve in France, the first is, we did get offsides on value there. The team has done a very nice job in pivoting and just put in place a new value program there that we're seeing great early success with that. But certainly, that was a reaction and we don't want to see that. And then second, we continue to have operations opportunities in France and that's something that we've been having a lot of engagement on with our franchisees. So as I think about IOM, certainly lessons there. But on the positive side, France is certainly our most pressured market right now in France -- or in IOM, but I also feel very good that we're going to get that business back on track and continue to have the performance that we've become accustomed to in that market over many, many years.
Chris Kempczinski: Hey, David, it's Chris. Just -- I'll do a couple of things and then let Ian clean up whatever I missed. But we're not going to get into specific numbers on the Middle East. But suffice to say, as you see in our IDL results, you can infer that the impact is meaningful, as I said also in our employee note at the beginning of this year. And then in terms of health of the franchisees, we're really fortunate in that we have some very strong, very well-capitalized franchisees in the Middle East. But as we have historically done, as we work through challenges around the world, you've seen us in partnership with franchisees do things to support them during difficult periods that sometimes can be deferrals, sometimes it can be other forms of support. And so those are ongoing conversations that we'll have with our franchisees. We believe that working in partnership with our franchisees and doing things together through good times and bad is the way that we've been successful over time. So it's going to be very much a situation-by-situation approach that we have in the Middle East, but certainly, the impact right now is significant. And Ian, I'll pass it off to you for anything else you want to add.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. Well, overall, we had a very good 2023 in China. We were happy with how our business performed in China. We're seeing strong growth there. We also built 1,000 restaurants in China. So we're very much on track from our development aspirations and we would expect to do something similar in 2024 from that standpoint. So overall headline is feel good about what we're seeing in China and the progress in growth. Certainly, in China, as you've read about and seen it with a number of other companies, consumer sentiment in the country is a little bit more under pressure right now. And that is leading to -- in Q4, in particular, we saw the environment get more promotional. We didn't necessarily follow that, but certainly the environment is getting more promotional. And our focus is on making sure that we remain competitive. So we're going to do what we need to do to maintain our competitiveness in that market. But if you think about the overall macro trends in China, I talked about this at Investor Day, we certainly think that we're going to continue to see good comp performance in that market as consumer wealth and GDP continue to grow mid-single digits. We think there's going to be an opportunity for us to continue to build out development and penetration in that market to many places where we don't really have McDonald's presence. So overall outlook on China for us continues to be very robust, which is why we increased our stake, as Ian mentioned.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. Well, I'll kind of just give some macro comments. Again, have Ian pick any details. But certainly, we've continued to work through pricing in the U.S. as we were looking to offset inflation. We saw what I would describe as mid to high single-digit price increases last year. It depends a little bit on where you were in the country, but mid to high single-digit pricing. We are seeing, as I've talked about on prior calls, that particularly among the low-income consumer, there's some transaction size reduction that we're seeing. We're also seeing some trade down there. So that offset a little bit of the pricing -- the absolute pricing that we took. But I think as you think about 2024, certainly, inflation is going to be less, probably in the low single-digit inflation in 2024, and that will be consistent with where we end up on pricing. From a daypart standpoint, I'd say pretty balanced there. But breakfast continues to be a competitive area, a lot of activity going on in breakfast. Our business, as you know, is dominated around particularly lunch. That's our single biggest daypart and that daypart continues to do well. So nothing particularly noteworthy that I would say on dayparts, but Ian, maybe you have any other insights to share there.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. I think consistent with what we talked about on the prior call, where you see the pressure with the U.S. consumer is that low-income consumer. So call it, $45,000 and under. That consumer is pressured. From an industry standpoint, we actually saw that cohort decrease in the most recent quarter, particularly I think as eating at home has become more affordable. There's been much less pricing that's been taken more recently on packaged food. So you're seeing that eating at home is becoming more affordable, that I think is putting some pressure from a IEO standpoint on that low-income consumer. If you think about middle income, high income, we're not seeing any real change in behavior with those. We continue to gain share with those groups. But the battleground is certainly with that low-income consumer. And I think what you're going to see as you head into 2024 is probably more attention to what I would describe as affordability. So think about that as being absolute price point being probably more important for that consumer in a lower absolute price point to get them into the restaurants than maybe a value message, which is a two for six or something like that. Those probably are going to resonate a little bit less in 2024, particularly we think in the front half with the consumer there may be something that's lower absolute price points. So that's -- we are set up well to be able to go after that. We have our D123 platform, as you know, and I think you're going to see probably some activity there in the U.S. at the local level to make sure we continue to provide good value for that low-income consumer.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. Well, as you know, we don't give traffic guidance. So we won't get into kind of a specific what do we expect to see in traffic. But I think it's fair to say that the success in this industry is always about having balance and you need to have both traffic growth and you need to have price growth. That's the long-term formula for success. So that's kind of what we use as our North Star. I think we're set up really well to have that kind of balance. As I look at our business around the world, our brand is in great shape. We are seeing some of our highest customer satisfaction scores around the world. We're seeing our operations in almost every single country around the world get better as we execute our Performance and Customer Excellence program or PACE, as you know it. I think globally, in Q4, we saw service times improve by 10 seconds. And we've got very good alignment with our franchisees. In most of our big markets, we're seeing healthy franchising cash flows. In the U.S., franchising cash flows were up roughly $35,000 last year despite all the price headwinds. So I think we're set up well as a business to have that balance right as part of our long-term focus.
