Don Thompson: Hey, Brian, this is Don. Yes, our comp gap in the month of September was a little over 600 basis points, so a 6.3%.
Don Thompson: Hey Joe. First of all, relative to consumers in the U.S. in 2015, they will see several different things. And I'll try to talk about a few of those. One, is because we are moving to more regionalize local windows again, which is a strength of the McDonald system, and we have moved away from that. They will see more regional products throughout the U.S. We have about 21 regions. We have over 150 odd cooperatives across the United States and so those markets will get to pull down from shelf promotions. And they can pull down from some of the broader menu pipeline offerings that we have. So customers will begin to see that again and there will be a stronger balance between the regional markets and then the national base marketing. As you may recall, the regional markets typically will focus on offerings and promotions, the national markets will focus on the quality, the brand McDonald, what we are talking about relative to our people in larger events. So that's one major change that you will begin to see and customers will see. The second one is going to be how we engage in conversation with our customers through both social and traditional medium. So this is going to be something that's more felt and heard relative to dialog than it's just basically seen. With the launch of Our food Your questions is a great example of that and that is a platform we will leverage across the year. You will see initial expansion of the experience in the future in those three markets that we talked about. Experience of the future is much more than just Create Your Taste, it is a broader service experience, it is a broader digitally engaged, if you would, mobilily engaged experience in the restaurants. And some of you may have seen that relative some of our markets like France or what's taking place in Australia. Also, we will be launching the mobile app, the global app. In the U.S., it will include promotional offers, also some mobile payment opportunities such as Apple Pay and also some things possibly with our e-Arch Card. And the last piece would be some of the markets may see some of the testing that would go on relative the various pricing structures that had been a balance pricing relationships across the entire menu board. So these are some of the things that will be out and about in the marketplace. And I’m sure our customers will give us appropriate feedback. But we look aggressively to get these things moving.
Don Thompson: Hi Nicole, I talk a little bit first about the digital piece and then we can talk about the recovery efforts over in China specifically. Relative to digital, as you may recall, Nicole, a couple of years we began to focus quite intently on our digital efforts, and we have done several things. One is that we move forward to be able to bring in appropriate talent to support our digital effort. So we brought in Atif Rafiq, who had a tremendous background in the tech sector and more specifically with Amazon. We also have been hiring quite a few digital leads around the world from world class organizations. And to that point we actually opened up our first digital office at San Francisco near Silicon Valley to continue to be able to recruit and bring in talent. That is a critical aspect of how we select the applications and the platforms with which we move forward. We also have several markets around the world that had a jump start relative to some of the mobile applications such as France with mobile pay and actually some promotional offers.  So we have leveraged that. We did a major test in Australia to look at the actual global application what we call the global app, which is built upon our new path technology system and allows us to continue to add on different applications to support various needs from pay and order to other things such as music. We’ve talked about those in the past. That global app will be launched in 2015 with some of the promotional offers in the U.S. and we will continue expanding the already established mobile applications that we have in some of the markets outside of the US. So we are pretty excited about those. We are also excited about the relationship that we have begun to cultivate the most recent of which was Apple Pay and we’re the only restaurant, as I mentioned, that will be able to allow consumers to leverage Apple Pay in the drive-through. And so and one of the only restaurant businesses that Apple has had a strategic partnership with. So that is the beginning of some of the things that we are doing; there are more things that we have in the pipeline. Relative to the recovery in China, when we assess the six to nine months we work with the local markets and we look at their timeline, there are several things that have been done there. First of all in China, we had to make sure that we can solidify the supply chain. As I mentioned the folks did an aggressive job, a great job aggressively of being able to really reallocate our supply chain in 60 days to ensure we can get China and Japan back up. We also wanted to make sure that relative to anything that has taken place in that market there are food safety processes procedures was robust as they should be and as we wanted them to be. We have hired outside food safety auditors to support those, the things that we do in that regard along with additional training of our employees. So those things do take a look at more time. And then once we got supply back in the market place we began and launched our brand trust campaign which is a holistic brand recovery campaign focused on bringing customers back into the restaurant. As you know, in China, if there is an incident such as avian influenza or food scare or food quality scare it does take a while for customer to come back to any restaurant establishment. So that's how we have worked with our local market and some of the things that we have been doing and again we assessed it at six to nine more months before we see recovery.
Don Thompson: Thanks for the question, David. First of all you know anything that we would implement in an restaurant we have taken it require a bit of testing. So relative to create your case has been through the innovation lab, the innovation center and the testing protocols there it has been in a restaurant near the innovation center, we moved it out to Lagoona, we had had testing outside of the U.S. in some of the markets and now as we move forward in Australia, what they are really doing is the soft, the front side of the role out in the Australian market. And so we know that from an operational perspective we are able and capable of delivering this experience in the restaurant enabled by the technology advancements and the point of sale platform that we put into the restaurant. So on the operational side they are relative to Create Your Taste, we built very, very strongly that that is doable. We know it is based upon what we have done already relative to basic simplification of the restaurant and rating ourselves for things like Create Your Taste and for basic customer satisfaction at higher level. In markets like the U.S. they been through what they call an operations reset. That operations reset combined with the minimum simplification efforts that our aimed at reducing complexity of low volume items. That's an important part. The complexity of low volume items are the things that we’re looking to simply and remove from the restaurants. When we do that we enable ourselves to be able to then pull down additional products that we can flow through our operating system in the U.S. Now, one of the things that I would also add here is when you look at some of the things that we are looking to do in terms of products, those products are actually made easier based upon some of the investments we made whether they be the point of sale system or may be things like the high density kitchen where we have more condiments that we are able to make relative to putting those things inside the Made for You cooking system. So the Made for You system, simplification of some of the items and our focus on operations are the reason that we have high confidence in Create Your Taste relative to the in store capability. The other thing that I mentioned at this point and some of you already know this, Create Your Taste is an in store execution as we began. That is the way that we are delivering on that expectation and experience in the restaurant. Customers seem to really really -- it appeals the customers in a great way and will continue doing that. We have a different solution that we are work on relative to the drive-through.
Don Thompson: Hey Jeff. We -- one thing we do not do too often, Jeff, and you probably won’t hear us do too often, and that’s talk about for fact that our focus is now on competitive pressure. What we do is acknowledge it; they’re folks in the marketplace that are doing some solid things. I would still hold true to the fact that our biggest challenge is what we do at McDonald’s and how we move forward. Do we have the aggressiveness in the local markets, have we allowed the aggressiveness in local markets or have we been a little bit more focused on an aligned national platform, which doesn’t leverage that local relevance. And if I look that, the local GRPs that I then assign against those local relevance products as they are putting for those in their local windows in the markets, we have not been as strong as we need to be. And I think that is one of the areas relative to our menu that you guys haven't seen and many of you have asked questions about. What is in the menu pipeline? I think you'll get a broader chance to see that as the local markets, as we get back to what we've historically done with local markets. Allow them to pull down products that are relevant in their markets and to drive those aggressively. And so, we are going to do that. Notwithstanding competitors that are there, competitors have always been in the marketplace. It can't be used as an excuse for us. What it is is an opportunity for us to build our business by taking back some of those folks who are visiting others right now.
Don Thompson: Andy, good question. For 2014, as we kind of -- as I indicated in my remarks, we see continued pressure in the fourth quarter. Reflecting on the factors that were impacting the third quarter right, U.S. the biggest factor driving the U.S. decline vis-a-vis the decline in the second quarter was less pricing. And so, we would expect less pricing to still be a factor in the fourth quarter, as well as the 3% commodity increase. Those were the two biggest factors driving this quarter. And thus, we see it now will impact the fourth quarter as well. In Europe, virtually a 100% of the decline was in Russia -- was due to Russia and Ukraine. 75% of that was Russia, the rest was the Ukraine. With the relatively favorable commodity environment over there, a lot of the other markets were doing fairly well on their margins actually. UK was driving it and Germany continued to be the biggest drag on the McOpCo margins outside the Ukraine and Russia for Europe. And it’s too early to give a picture on 2015. But as you point out, driving comps, our McOpCo margins are really a top-line gain and driving comp sales is going to be the biggest key to getting that going again.
Don Thompson: Hey Jeff, this is Don. And I ask Pete to comment as well. Let me just draw a little distinction here. Relative to what happened in the early 2000s, that development was taking place primarily in the U.S. business. So when we were -- in the U.S. business, we were trying to grow via development and that development was being driven across the market. We were not as sophisticated as we are in site selection. It was more based upon basically new unit movement or new unit sales, and that is not the appropriate formula. So today, if I look at where we are growing, that gives us some confidence relative to how we are growing, at what pace. When you're developing into markets like the Chinas of the world, the Indias of the world, some of the other markets across Europe and Asia, Korea, then those markets have yielded some more solid returns. And so, I just want to draw a little distinction. This is a very different approach. We have much high levels of site selection capability than we did then and it is not a concentrated and focused growth like it was in the U.S., it's a much more diverse portfolio.
Don Thompson: Thanks Sarah. The real point, so let me just broadly relative to millennial. If you look at the quick service restraint industry there is a decline relative to millennial usages of the quick service restaurant industry. I think that as we look at it as McDonald's what we believe that we are able to do is to appeal to some of those customers and clearly come into our business. And so as we look at it and I should say appeal to more of those customers and customers use our business now but appeal to more of the millennials. But it is a much broader aspect in the millennial. Our Food Your Question is about creating a dialog. It is not about a one question answer kind of a piece. Usually there is a back and forth relative to ingredients, platforms, integrity, sources in terms of where our food comes from. It may be relative to social responsibility. What we are doing relative to deforestation. So there are a number of questions that come up and it is about engaging in a dialog. We want to make sure that we are a transparent brand. There are a lot of misperceptions out here relative to our food and what we want to do is make sure that we at least provide an opportunity for people to directly ask those questions. So this for us is just a way for us to better build this brand and tell the truth about McDonald's and our supply chain which is absolutely fabulous. And so that it the intent there. On the digital front, we believe that digital, mobile technologies, kiosk related ordering the opportunities to be able to allow customers choice in their McDonald's experience is good for all of our customers. We think that there may be a skew clearly to a millennial, that would be probably and even stronger skew towards those that are younger than millennials, but as we move forward that is one of the things that we would be able to better define. We do know that the experience of the future resonates well with our customers around the world.
Don Thompson: David, I believe that relative to the comp gap, so I think the comp gap is a combination of several things, some things relative to what we are conveying out there relative to what others are conveying in terms of the menu offerings. I think that is one of the challenges. I think it is also about the value that we are offering or not offering and that is another aspect of the comp gap. If you look at some of those changes, the question is whether or not our value and our food options are resonating as strongly and so I believe that that is the fundamental basis of some of the challenges that we are having. Having said that one of the ways that we best address that is by ensuring that the local markets have the opportunity to move forward to products and the offerings that will resonate locally. When I say resonate locally that means resonate across the demographics of those local areas. So that is everything from millennials all the way up to those that are more mature in the marketplace that are coming to visit McDonald’s or other (inaudible). So what we want to make sure we do is have the right food, the experience is right and we’re engaging customers to be able to have their choice and a great McDonald’s experience with great food quality and great service and a clean environment as we always done and at an affordable price. When we’re able to do that at McDonald’s we’ll be fine within the marketplace in terms of generating sales. The broader opportunity is to be even more relevant relative to the digital experience, the restaurant of the future and the customization opportunities for our food, and that’s what you heard us talk a little bit about today.
Don Thompson: Hi, Howard, thanks for the question. Howard, we believe that if you look at the broader market and you look at what customers are asking for, they are asking for transparency they’re asking to know what’s in the food, they’re asking for integrity of the food. There are cases and there are markets where organics are drivers at a higher level. But I would offer is that the highest level is more about their transparency, integrity and also the ability to customize and have what they want on a sandwich or a burger. I think it is what has given rise to so many very small but quite a few burger openings, specialty burger house openings. And so there is still quite a resonance relative to food, there is a big resonance relative to how I can customize. There is an appeal and you’ll see us in some categories looking to different products possibly organics we actually are doing it in certain markets. But I would it’s not the main driver if you would, we’re at the main drive but I mean we wouldn’t have the clearly the number of customers that we have today visiting the McDonald’s restaurant. I will never say that someone else particularly (inaudible). I know Steve I use to visit his first restaurant when we entered into an initial partnership back then when we were sharing the McDonald’s supply chain system which helped him as he move forward Chipotle. But I would not say Steve is wrong or right, I think each individual organization has to look at that and look at it through the eyes of the customers and what customers are asking them to deliver. And so I think you’ll see a lot of changes though, Howard, I mean if these things become even more large, even more trendy then that something clearly we’ll look even more aggressively at. But we do have markets around the world that focus more on organics we have markets that focus more on locally relevant products. France just finished up one of their launches and it was basically speaking about French beef; we talk about Australian beef over in Australia. In the U.S., I think we have some additional opportunities to talk about the fact that the vast majority of our food at McDonald’s in the U.S. is produced right here in the U.S. so we have some opportunities to talk about that in the U.S. a little bit more.
Don Thompson: Great question, John, and actually it is. Health and wellness defined by many of the customers that we talk to coming to McDonald’s were visiting the informal eating out industry. And that's a big point those that actually visit the industry and buy food from the industry. We - its translated into real and fresh in many cases, and that has been a major driver of our strategies as we move forward. Customers want real food and they want to make sure they understand that its real food and they want fresh food. So they want to understand the sources or the origin, they want to make sure that I know what’s it, where it came from and the integrity of those sources. And so what we’re trying to do is more visually depict that both in our marketing, in our foods of question and even more importantly at the important movement of truth which is in the restaurants and for those of you visit our restaurants and been behind the counters you’re seeing the freshness and the quality of our produce. However ,not everyone has done and seen that and so we want to make sure that we’re transparent enough to do that many times real and fresh is also conveyed. If you look at it relative to those products those offerings that are selling the most it’s based upon the component make up of the food itself. So it may be differences in cheeses, differences in sauces all of these things either things that make up a great tasting burger or sandwich we’re offering today. And so this is a direction that we’re moving in and we’ll continue to stay close John with our customers relative to what it is they want and what it is that they want to see because we can deliver that as a McDonald’s system.
Don Thompson: First of all, thanks for your participation this morning as we wrap up the call I really appreciate again all of you joining us. We have a clear plan to regain momentum in the U.S. and I think you’ve heard that and we want to regain momentum around the world as we aggressively advance programs and initiatives that are designed to deliver more relevant experiences and as we bring the McDonald’s experience to the future to our customers even faster. We’re ready to drive our business forward by creating real and noticeable changes for our customers and partnership with our tremendous system of franchises supplier partners and company employees. Our actions are intention and they strategically address what customers want from us today. They’re based in the insights that we have gained from the marketplaces and they’re based in what customers will expect tomorrow. I'm excited about the work that we’re doing and I'm confident we will achieve our goals. I just wish you all a great day and a great weekend. Take care.
Pete Bensen: Will, so a couple of things. This year, as you just mentioned, in the U.S. system they focused on coffee and also there was NFL promotion. Last year, it was comping against wings, which do drive a higher average check in sales. While not as successful as we wanted wings to be last year. but by most measures it was still a solid promotion relative to going up against the NFL promotion and coffee. So those two things did not deliver at the same rate, while we were able to sample quite a bit of coffee. And our breakfast business overall is up on the year and continues to be up. The challenge that we have had is that it has to be about more than breakfast. So when you look at that balance -- and I just talked about local markets, we have got to focus on that breakfast and coffee aspect, as well as focusing on larger sandwiches, which enhance and increase that average check. And so that was one of the gaps that -- the biggest gap I would say that we had in the month of September. What we comped up against and also the fact that our promotional efforts were more sample based in terms of driving coffee than they were more of a breakfast building base just for that particular month. And I know that the U.S. system understands and realizes that as we move forward.
Pete Bensen: Yes. And Jeff, I just add a couple of points. One, the starting point is dramatically different from 2002. I mean, we are starting from a much higher position of average unit volumes. And actually, our new store returns are doing fairly well. So as I said earlier to Andy, comps are the key to getting the margins and the profitability going again around the fringes. Turning a 100 or two openings up the portfolio for year is not going to have a dramatic impact. And in fact, the down point, our site selection capabilities are too old, the number of markets we are growing in is much more expanded than it was a little more than 10 years ago. So we feel it’s appropriate to skim back a little bit, but for the long-term perspective and growth of the business we are going to continue to open a units where it makes sense and where we are going to get good returns. 
Pete Bensen: Yes, Keith, at the operation income level the China supplier issue that $0.15 translated into about $180 million of operating income decline. Roughly half of that was McOpCo margins. So that I would argue was that clearly was sales driven. Then the next biggest peach was our lower earnings pick up from our joint ventures notably Japan and while that had a little bit of inventory write off and some other costs, that result would also mostly sales driven along with royalty some franchisee support and then finally there were probably about $20 million that was truly inventory write off and an additional supply chain cost to get that supply back on par in China and Hong Kong.
Pete Bensen: Hey, John. As we talked about from the very beginning when we start talking about this scrutiny of the G&A, we believe that there are significant opportunities to grow this business by investing in the digital strategy and this McDonald’s experience in the future, and so smarter for us we think to redirect resources to that. And as I indicated, we believe we’re targeting about $100 million from U.S. in core to repurpose, if you will, or redirect to those initiatives. And we believe over time we’ve continued, we always look at ways to be efficient and more effective with our spend. If we thought minus three was our trend line for the next couple of years you’d be hearing a more dramatic cut and taking cost out of this business, because that would be the only way to continue to grow profitability if we saw that was a permanent change to our revenue stream. But we don’t believe cutting our way to prosperity is going to be helpful for the long term of this business and smarter for us we think to redirect these savings into these growth opportunity that Don outlined.
