Steve Easterbrook: Yes. There is no Mike here at the moment, so Steve here. So, I’ll try on for this one for you, Andrew. Yes. So, we launched on 4th of January, we know that around 25% of our customers are value conscious, and that’s value at a number of price points, but certainly at the entry level. And we like the construct of McPick 2. It’s very early days. There is no like regular trading, information that we can particular share right now, but we know that the choice and the flexibility that we offer with two items at that compelling price point is attractive. As you say others have chosen a different price point to go in and bundled more items into it. We think the choosing two out of four items we have in that menu gives that, that right balance between its simple, its easy for the customer that gives them the choice and flexibility and through the quarter of handful weeks we’re certainly read the consumer response to it, we analyze the business results of it and can continue to work on developing the right value platform for us on an ongoing basis.  The lead item on it is the double cheeseburger. That sold well but also the mozzarella sticks are going down really, really well and it’s a great add-on item. So it’s an incremental profit driver if you like both within the McPick 2 but also it’s not an ultimately same.
Steve Easterbrook: Well, certainly the idea of outperforming is something we want to maintain. We entered the quarter with good momentum in our business, clearly that was accelerated through the fourth quarter. And as we’ve said, all-day breakfast was a primarily driver of that, but not the sole driver, so it exceeded our launch expectations, the period of time for it had exceeded our launch expectation, it was also little longer that we had projected, but we do expected to settle down. But and that’s why we’re working on a number of other initiatives in the business to follow that up, so this is not – we don’t want this to be a single initiative turnaround plan, so the continued investment in food quality that could be the development of this value platform. And as we continue to reinvest in the fabric of our restaurant, we’re confident the in-store experience will continue to improve.  The operation improvements we’re seeing to the drive-through old records in particular, we see its paying dividends, early days after launching a number of initiatives around people that beginning to see our start turnover decrease quite notable as well which we believe helps us deliver a better days experience. So, there’s a number of dimensions to it, all-day breakfast is understandable a more of the headline grab up, it will settle down a little from its launch space, but we believe the building is other platforms of growth on top of that will keep us competitive in the marketplace in taking share.
Steve Easterbrook: Hi, Karen. Its still early days for us, but I mean for us its – what we can offer in the future is exciting. What we’re actually delivering now is really just a start, so we only really launch the app here in the U.S. at the end of the third quarter last year. But within three months we had over 7 million downloads which I think just start signal, the magnitude that we can build to as we develop office and functionality way beyond the basic. At the moment its largely offer base we’re seeing those downloads being activated by customers and redeeming the offers in the restaurants. So, we believe its driving behavior. We’re able to follow consumer behavior easy so we can read the data from it. But certainly as we build the capability of the app we think it’s going to increase the compelling and the growth engine. I would say that. For the first time, here at McDonald’s we have build in a trading increase, a sale, an incremental sale expectations based on our digital platform. So little modest in 2016, but we’re actually contributing to the business growth and being a platform this is going to deliver for many years to come as we can kind of understand our consumer behavior and be more rewarding to them. With regards to the second piece, experience the future. We have around five markets up and running, as you say, with about a 130 restaurants. We’re certainly looking to expand not necessarily those markets, but into new markets at a larger scale. And the U.S. will again pick some lead regions. So this is where the regional strength of the U.S. really comes to the fall. We got 23 regions here in the U.S. we’ll be picking two or three of those to really look to accelerate that version here in the U.S. they experience the future through 2016 and into 2017. But there would be adopting a slightly different approach in those three regions, so it can actually learn in the market here what truly resonates the customers, what the business results are and the future potential. So, and also given on this structure now we’re learning so rapidly from the way that Australian has build their business kind of the building there as U.K. France and particular theirs, but we are rich in inside which is helping each other makes smarter decisions and shorten the time line, so we’re certainly share more in a moment, the moment the majority of our growth we’re building into the U.S. performance through 2016 is through continuing to deliver against the basics of our turnaround plan.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes. Thanks, David. We don’t want to give specifics on the respect drivers. But the pace that I want to make sure we don’t lose it, but we were building momentum heading into the quarter and heading into the launch of all-day breakfast and I won’t necessarily do a full laundry list of the work that team have done, but certainly around the fundamentals delivering a better high quality food experience day and day out. And you know, you heard me talk about the Devils is in the detail always around toasting of the buns and searing of the beef, and when you ally that with investing in the types of quality investment that customers care about structures; one of the antibiotics move we made in the poultry supply chain or the announcement that we on our journey is going to cage-free eggs. That just creates a buzz and customers know that you care about the same things that they care about and they just respond with their business. All-day breakfast was clearly the primary driver of the quarter. We knew it would be -- we focus the restaurants both operationally, marketing and merchandizing on that. As I say through the launch base, we help contribute materially for the quarter, absolutely no doubt. We hit peaks. We exceeded the self contribution that we had projected and as I say it lasted longer through than a typical launch period does. But inevitably a settle down as we introduce other initiatives in the restaurants through 2016. the weather was no simple but not material, but I just though it was approximately and transparent to reference it because it did give us a positive contribution not just in the U.S. but in many of our major markets around the world that did provide a helpful tailwinds but I thought it would fair to recognize and just acknowledge. In terms of the drive-though in particular, certainly the streamlines menu boards have made life easier for our customers and made life easier for managers and crew in the restaurants .So that experience has simplified and help speed things up. Alongside, the greatest barrier to the overall service experience in the drive-through we’ve identified this order accuracy, so the team the operational teams have been working really on initiative – again, I won’t go into the details we could ask – it just the way that we, the order experience to the customer where we can just confirm twice over that we capture the order right and then we’re presenting exactly the right order to the customers before they drive off. And we’re finding that as noticeably improved well accuracy which in turns improve speed and clearly customer satisfaction, so we got plenty more to do. We’re working through and continue to challenge the menu and if there is further simplification areas there, but simplification goes way beyond that. There’s has been through packaging, through merchandizing through marketing where we can help the restaurants teams by taking work load of them, taking focus on the fundamentals of what they want for serving customers.
Steve Easterbrook: Hi, David. So, in terms of customer satisfaction obviously we got a number of different ways that we can monitor customer’s satisfaction, and we have one or two different systems around the world. There is not pay consistent measure as we speak. But we move and transition to a new customer satisfaction measure here which we call the Voice, which is actually we’re gather multiple number of a customer feedbacks compared to where we were previously, so I didn’t explain that very well. We’re gathering a lot more consumer feedback than we ever have done, is the better way of saying is, certainly we’re seeing overall satisfaction improving both in drive through and install and we’re certainly seeing order accuracy in the drive through.  We’re around – the actually satisfaction on speed in improving, our speed time haven’t improved as much as satisfaction has done, so we want to work operationally to physically speed up as service experience, but the same time customers are reporting a greater satisfaction with the speed, which is very encouraging. So that means the overall experience is working for them. In terms of the premiums, yes, absolutely, as you gather momentum and you start to get these growth drivers that you can layer upon each other, it means you can raised ahead and look a little further in the way you plan and develop the business. So, on the premium side and by the way each market doesn’t have to work in isolation. So we have a number of initiatives around the whether its Create Your Taste in Australia, a new premium range of signature burgers in the U.K. a similar version of that within France for example, and we have these sophisticated, well executed rollout across those market all of which is helping is inform us that where we had with the experience in the further. What we do now is customization is important. We don’t know quite how much customization customers truly wish, it like a little bit of flexibility, but I don’t need to have complicated, so we’re working on that for example,  We’re working on the manner in which customers can order those premium burgers, a way from the traditional just through the drive-through or at the front counter and that’s where I self order kiosks and potentially you can say where service comes into play. But again, we’re getting a really good read on progress in some of other mature and lead markets and that certainly helping shape and inform the thinking here in the U.S. So, more to come, are we using the time to work on developing that platform? Absolutely yes, we are.
Steve Easterbrook: Hi, Greg. I think we’ve been pretty clear, but we go through the revitalize stage of this turnaround, the market share that we’re looking to recover and grow is in our more immediate competitive grow. So that kind of QSR segment. And then as we strength and then ultimately want to get back to leadership position that we’re aspire to, I think that growth will come from broader eye, So, at the moment the initial momentum we’re seeing typically around the world is coming from QSR, some of that is recovering share as we lost as well. So, that’s certainly hardening for us. I would say, potentially one slide difference from that is around all-day breakfast which where we’re capturing customers with really what is a different occasion there. So -- and that is new to us and McDonald’s. I think the customers where the incremental business, an incremental visits were getting off probably from broader IEO segment, but typically our focus on this initial stage turnaround is around winner nearing market and recovering what we’ve lost to getting into a period of outperformance.
Steve Easterbrook: Thanks, John. Let me start with the pricing, because we think about pricing relatively similarly around the world and that is we look at a whole bunch of factors to influence our pricing that include food inflation, GDP growth, our internal cost inflation et cetera. Similar to how the U.S. will do it. So, for 2015 we said that the U.S. increase their prices a little over 2% compared to food away from home inflation of around 2.5% and that for 2016 food away from home inflation was expected to be 2.5% to 3.5%, so we would continue to think about pricing in a similar way as we’ve been and keep an eye on that food away from home inflation, as well as food at home inflation just to make sure that we’re not getting out of whack with that. Related to the G&A, the way we look at it is, we saved – I’ll say a little more then half of that $150 million in 2015, which means that we go into 2016 with our base or run rate of those savings built in. We’ll look at 2016 similarly, so while we may not get all of those actual savings realized in 2016 will have it out of our base by the end of 2016, so that as we go into 2017 we’re going in with the base, that’s $150 million less than where we started at the 2.6 billion and that’s a net number, so that includes the Olympics conventional or the additional cost in there also.
Steve Easterbrook: Okay. Okay. Someone’s explained here. Right, it’s a two point of that question. So, there are number of metrics that we will follow through and we follow closely on a weekly basis, daily and weekly basis on the app. One is clearly the downloads. Then you want the registration numbers and then you want to see the activity. So we have 7 million downloads which gives people access to things like restaurant Russian locator, nutritional information and the rest. As I start to share their information get confident with us and clearly then they will start to register and we can then communicate if they no choice of their local restaurant or their preferred restaurant, then we can start to localize the offers to them and then we start to see the behavior. We are seeing higher registration rates than industry norms from those downloads and we’re also then tracking effectively frequency of usage and we’re trying to encourage that with things like loyalty play such as buy any five McCafes of any size and you one free. So it and you get one free. So it’s a fairly basic loyalty play just to get people familiar with using it and actively using and keeping it on their phones basically.  The reason we have build a sale build into 2016 is because we have seen the incremental business, We’ve have seen the incremental average check of redemptions, so when people redeem an offer we’re actually seeing higher average check than we had expected to see, so we can see there’s an incremental business driver, plus we got other initiatives that we both scale the number of customer and usage, but also enhance the overall experience as well which will encourage people to return to that more often and clearly hopefully return to McDonald’s more often.  So we have it really -- we have it week-by-week and month-by-month as a build and we about to clearly update ourselves on whether we hitting those projections, but its – it will be a helpful contributed to sales in 2016 and will help guide us around the world beyond to actually derive that return on the investments we’re making in this digital strategy as a home.
Steve Easterbrook: Okay, Joe, so confidence as we build through 2016 in the U.S. I mean clearly we’re planning for growth and we have a very robust plan that team has build, so that gives us confidence. We will continue to work the breakfast platform and beverage platform hard. Anyways its important day part for us and the all-day breakfast is the further growth opportunity which we’re going to continue to work hard through 2016, getting the value platform right will be important to us as well we are taking a very serious look at it and learning from it before we than go into a national and permanent launch base but we feel good about where we’re at in the moments. You can expect to see as also focus more on our call menu. You know we are proud of the menu and we believe there is – these are iconic and real popular assets that we believe that we could – we can probably do a better job with it. We can bring to life and we’ll continue to invest in the ingredients and the food quality and create some fun around that. You can expect to see. For to create fun around the brand you will also expect to return to one or two be promotional mechanics we have. We got opportunities throughout the year to just bring it some variety and some fun around promotional activity, shorter term promotional activity just to help provide that balance for the menu. So I think -- and then with the digital platform layering on top of that, we believe we’re building these building a platform that will continue to grow through 2016, but will also take this into 2017 and beyond. As we develop and better articulate here in the U.S. our Experience the Future that is something we know the system is excited about, we know its creating a lot of energy momentum elsewhere on the world and getting that right, and the business model right and actually getting the right elements of that for the customer here in the U.S. is going to important to us and we’re excited about what we’re going learn in 2016 [ph] because we believe that’s going to contribute to 2017 and beyond.  It sounds the longer terms strategy, I guess what we will want to see is we’ve had two quarters of growth in this turnaround, so we would certainly be looking to see another quarter or two before we ourselves start to moving the turnaround plan into a longer term growth plan. What I can’t tell you is that we have a small and senior team looking at developing what that growth plan looks like, the elements of it, the brand positioning of it and the vision behind it, but it’s a small chain that’s working discretely on it because at the moment the entire organization globally is focused on a turnaround. So, whether it’s later in the second quarter or sometime in the third quarter, I would say by around the middle of the year when we get confident that it’s the right time to transition from turn around it’s a growth who share that internally and soon after externally.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes, Karen. For 2016, we said that about half of the reinvestment around the world will be reinvested in the U.S. That consists of several buckets if you will. It’s probably four to five hundred reimages in 2016, about 90 rebuilds where we kind of tear down the restaurant and put up a new one. It also would include capacity enhancements, things like putting in side by side drive through as well as our normal maintenance CapEx. It also would include digital menu boards in substantially all the restaurants in the U.S. So it consists of several of those components that would kind of comprise the total reinvestment in the U.S.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes, thanks Jeff. You know as you know when we talk about pretty often margins for us are topline gain. I mentioned that we’ll have some pressure first and second quarter in 2016 as we kind of round out the additional labor cost that we have from the decision we made to increase wages for our restaurant crew. But with benign commodity cost, relatively reasonable inflation and hopefully from pricing capability, it will come down to what kind of comps we are able to achieve to determine whether we can grow margins. I think what fourth quarter should have shown everyone is even with those labor pressures when we have good comps, you know again depending on where commodities are we are able to offset a lot of those pressures. So it really does come down to continuing to grow comps.
Steve Easterbrook: Just one point I would add to that Jeff is whilst we will clearly build an assumption into our plans because that’s how we set our plans, we don’t make a single pricing decision just once a year we make decisions across the year. So we can always guage the consumer, consumer confidence where our costs are going and where the competitive environment is and do our best clearly to make the right decision. So it’s -- we have multiple opportunities across the year to reassess and make sure that we are certainly seizing the opportunity but without being -- taking it too far.
Steve Easterbrook: Like in terms of the market share takes then we would take across the pretty much the 14 week period, but our growth would be at 5.7% in the QSR sandwich segment ex-McDonald's would be 2.8 giving us the differential of 2.9. So, overall growth in the market we were outperforming that clearly. In terms of around the world, we want to be careful that we don’t sound too anxious and create concern around the headwinds and what have you, because there is so much of our ability to grow is in our own hands. And you know we are really focussing on what we can control. I mean, we have noticed and we have a history of being successful in many many countries around the world through strong economic times as well as challenging economics times as long as we do the right thing about the customer. So overall, we are confident heading into this year. We’ve been through the plan in detail of our largest nine or ten markets, and I’m confident they will deliver the growth to a level that we are satisfied and we are challenging ourselves hard on it. I also want to be pragmatic. In France in the moment for example, it’s tough, IEOs decreased for five years in a row. So if you are going to grow the business, you really have to take a significant amount of share in the declining market for that to translate into topline growth. And to do that you don’t want to free yourself out of your longer term strategy and the brand building they have done. So, I think there are some realities and it is right for us just to be a little cautious about, but if I take a look at the collective across the U.S., across the lead markets and the high growth markets, you know we are building plans and certainly on a consolidated basis with an expectation of growing. So -- but as you will know from the markets even the start of this year, volatility just creates a scrappier environment and a little bit of nervousness whether its across investor community and sometimes in certain markets across customers. So we need to be mindful or sensitive to that, you know China is a good example where you know that kind of volatility in the market place just create a little bit of anxiety. So that’s why we want to reinforce our confidence in that market in growing our core business as well as incremental units and new store of growth. So we're mindful. We stay close. But we remain quietly confident.
Steve Easterbrook: Thanks, Chris. And again thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. 2015 was a year of change. We are running McDonald's differently and building on our unique advantages as we strive to become a modern and progressive burger company. Our fourth quarter results reflect the meaningful progress we’ve made. And whilst there is more work to be done, we are on the right path. We are focussed on our customers and delivering what matters most to them. Hot fresh food, fast friendly service, in a contemporary environment, all are the value of McDonald's. I am confident in our ability to sustain a positive momentum as we continue to execute our turnaround plans into 2016, and I’m excited about our longer term opportunities to strengthen our business and reassert McDonald's as the global leader we know we are. Thanks, and everyone have a great day.
