Kathy Martin: Thank you, and hello, everybody. With me on the call are President and Chief Executive Officer Don Thompson and Chief Financial Officer Pete Bensen. Today’s conference call is being webcast live and recorded for replay via the phone, webcast, and podcast. And before I turn it over to Don, I want to remind everyone that the forward-looking statements in our earnings release and 8-K filing also apply to our comments. Both of these documents are available at our website www.investor.mcdonalds.com, as are reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures mentioned on today’s call with their corresponding GAAP measures. And now, I'd like to turn it over to Don.
Kathy Martin: Thanks, Keith, I’ll now open the call for analyst and investor questions. [Operator instructions] Our first question is from Joe Buckley with Bank of America.
Kathy Martin: And we’re going to take our last question from Mitch Speiser with Buckingham Research. And for those of you who we didn’t get to, please feel free to call IR.
Don Thompson: I’ll take the first part, and then I’ll ask Pete to speak to your question relative to margins. Regarding October, and it’s really October in the fourth quarter, we expect the fourth quarter to remain challenged based on some of the existing top line pressures that we’re seeing. We’re seeing flat or declining IEO markets and heightened competitive activity across all the geographies. And even though the comp sales lapped – do ease in the fourth quarter, heightened macroeconomic and competitive pressures are not expected to change dramatically as we said. In Europe, we’ve got less pricing power than we had a year ago, and consumer psyche is affected by both the economies and also some of the upcoming austerity measures, VAT pressures, etc. In the U.S., we continue to experience a bifurcation of the consumer base. McDonald’s core customers skew towards those customers whose disposable income is not rising as much and are spending a little bit less in QSR. And so as we look at those things, as we look at the macroeconomic conditions that persist in APMEA and across APMEA, we believe that this fourth quarter is still going to be relatively challenged as we mentioned. Regarding the government and the shutdown, you asked a question about that, actually for us at McDonald’s, the impact is limited to a few different areas. One would be communities with large federal employees and those populations where a lot of the consumers there, their purchasing power may be limited based upon the government shutdown if the government employees or impacted by it. Another is from a supply chain perspective, in port authorities, when things like that happen from an impact perspective, the port authorities are operating at reduced level, so that changes the importation processing times for some of the products that we may have. And lastly, it’s things like the e-Verify program, Federal e-Verify program, when it’s closed down and the impact it has relative to hiring processes, so you can see that outside of that first one, which really gets into population impact, it’s fairly minimal at this point relative to what’s taking place from a government perspective.
Don Thompson: I’ll talk a little bit about both of the areas. Relative to promotions, actually the promotions themselves have been within the range of our expectations. As an example, if I look at Mighty Wings, Mighty Wings resonated with consumers but performed at the lower end of our expectations, and your comment about overall base and base trendlines was very accurate. When you see the overall industry being a bit softer, it does impact our ability for us to drive sales to a higher level. But when it speaks specifically to the wings, there were a couple of things that, although it performed within our targeted expectation range, again at the lower end, there’s a couple of things we can improve on, one is still affordability. $1 per wing was still not considered to be the most competitive in the current environment. The other thing we saw, and it’s a very slight modification, but the flavor profile was slightly spicy for some consumers. But having said that, what’s interesting is we sold or expect to sell probably about 35 million pounds of wings. We can address the challenges with spice, or as we look forward, price, you will see wings again in the U.S. business. It has been successful for us. But it is at a time when the overall environment is a bit softer. They create trade-up as most of the products that we’ve introduced have done. Remember that as we went into this year, one of the things we wanted to do was to make sure that we had an innovative food pipeline, but we did not want to forget core classics, and we have tried to do that. Monopoly helped us again with that. The other thing we wanted to do is make sure we remained affordable. And we’ve been working on this around the globe. And that part I feel we still are operating from a position of strength in most of our markets. Markets where we have challenges, we’re addressing those challenges in those markets. And so all in all, we’re doing the things that I think we should do to position ourselves to grow this business. As the economy does come back a bit, we know that we’ll benefit from that. But we’re also not going to sit back and just wait. We are doing many things tactically to try to address the current environment, but we’re not missing out on a long-term environment as well. The other piece I want to mention real quick is the notion of Dollar Menu and More. And we have not tried Dollar Menu and More. One of the things that was attempted a while ago was something that was called an Extra Value Menu. This is very, very different. Dollar Menu and More means that you keep the Dollar Menu price points, and it’s consistent with how we have continued to evolve the Dollar Menu, since its inception back in the early 2000. Over time, we have changed some of the products on the Dollar Menu as we’ve needed to. We changed from a Big N’ Tasty initially to a Double Cheeseburger, from Double Cheeseburger to McDouble, so we’ve always evolved the dollar menu. That’s what we’re doing now, that continued evolution. But what we’ve also found is the need to have a $2 price point for some products that are a slight trade up from just the dollar-based price points that also supports additional margin growth in the restaurants, and it gives customers a value ladder of sorts, so that based upon their discretionary spending, they have multiple offers at McDonald’s. We also have a $5 price point, which really speaks to things like 20-piece nuggets. And so there’s varying levels of affordability, and we still continue to have our Extra Value Meals and premium-based products that we’ll talk to. So we’ve definitely not forgotten our core, and the core classics of Big Mac and Quarter Pounders and Fish Filet, and those things you’ll continue to see. We haven’t forgotten the innovative food pipeline, McWraps, Mighty Wings, etc. And for us, we most definitely haven’t forgotten our affordability platform with the Dollar Menu. So all of those things will play well together as we continue to come up with the most compelling menu offerings and compelling calendar for customers moving forward.
Don Thompson: And relative to franchising, as we move forward, your point is appropriate, we continue to look at opportunities. So today we’re 81% franchised globally, 19% company operated. We continue, particularly across areas we’re growing in such as APMEA, we’ll be continuing to leverage our DLs, to look for new DLs as we’re doing across China. We’re continuing to move forward conventional franchisees and conventional licensing. And so we continue to do that. APMEA will continue to see more franchising across the market. In addition to that, we’re also looking at the mature markets and existing markets, where there are opportunities for us to effectively franchise as we continue to grow the business. And so yes, we will continue to definitely look at franchising, franchise opportunities. And you’ll see it more particularly across APMEA.
Don Thompson: Just relative to the Dollar Menu, I think that we will continue to look first at customers, and customer behaviors, and affordability. And what we’ve always done is leverage that data and then as we had discussions with the franchisee body, to look at what’s going to be the most compelling offering for McDonald’s. And again, the Dollar Menu’s only a part of that. We continue to see and believe that it will continue to represent somewhere in that same percentile, 13% to 15%. As we stretch out the Dollar Menu a little bit more with Dollar Menu or More and provide some additional offers that will be even more appealing to customers, we believe that it will continue to be a compelling offer, and still best-in-class when we look at the overall marketplace. And so that part will remain the same. Franchisees have been a part of the discussions. They always are as we look at making decisions like this one.
Don Thompson: I’ll start at the back end of that and then go into what needs to change. I think as we look at next year, clearly the areas of, we call it the three global opportunities that we have, those things will remain the same. And so we’re still focused on making sure that we have the best menu across the board for customers. We’ll continue to balance that between the core classics and favorites with new products, and we’ll continue to enhance that relative to the nutritional offerings that we have. So that’s been a focal point, and that has been working around the world. The modernizing customer experience is something we’ve been focused on and that really deals with our reimaging and making sure the restaurants are contemporary. That part has been received well by customers. We continue to do that. The strong portion of that, and Pete mentioned it, is that when you look across Europe, Europe is much further ahead there. So we won’t have to do as many globally, but we’ll leverage what we do need to do to make sure we are a compelling offer to customers around the world. Technology is going to be a big part of our future, particularly digital engagement with consumers. And so you’ll hear us and see us talk much more about digital engagement with consumers. The other thing that you’ll see change a bit is we are being much stronger relative to communicating about our brand, communicating about our food. Customers want to hear more about transparency. They want to hear about provenance and where the food is from. So those things we’re very proud of at McDonald’s, and we’ll continue. At the November 14 NIM meeting, we’ll discuss more about some of these opportunities. When it comes to changes, we’ll chat a little bit about that in November as well, but frankly we’ve got a few markets where we have opportunities and we’ve been, again, very transparent about those. In Japan, we’ve got to get consistent value, and it’s a deflationary environment and a tough market, so we’re focused on that. We’ve had some leadership changes in Japan and we continue to look at the opportunities we have in that marketplace. Germany is a market that we are also focused on solidifying the balance between premium and the value based offerings. We fluctuated a bit there, possibly too much, and we need to shore that up. Australia we’re focused in a very competitive environment, on making sure we have that same balance. And in the U.S. we’ve got a great food pipeline now. We’re focused well on the operational base of what’s taking place in the marketplace. And those things, again, you’ll get to hear a little bit more about at the NIM meeting in November, but those are some of the areas and some of the markets that we’re focused more intently on.
Don Thompson: Great question, and the answer is yes. The dollar menu definitely, particularly in times like these, where you see consumers stressed a little more from a discretionary spending perspective, and you see a bit of bifurcation relative to the economic strata in the U.S., it’s very important to have that affordability platform and the dollar menu that we have. So it does keep a base of customers. Keep this in mind, while it only represents 13% of 15% of sales historically, you’ve got about a third of the customers that will leverage that dollar menu in some form or fashion. And so it is a strength part of the base. Having said that, we also have to have core news, and the core has to be affordable at a value menu price point, and premium based news whether that be McWraps or Might Wings. Those are promotional, those are limited time offers. But those things help not only with margin, but they help with the excitement for customers, so there’s something new and exciting at McDonald’s. And so we have to be able to balance both of those two ends of the barbell, if you will. And also, I would say we have to fill in what’s in between. That’s the reason for Dollar Menu and More. We’ve talked about $2 price points with sandwiches that have a few additional things to offer than our base value dollar menu offerings do.
Don Thompson: Relative to China, I’ll give a bit of an overall perspective as to what we’re seeing at least and then just a little insight as to McDonald’s business as well. There is and has been, as you all know, a slowing of the economy. The GDP is at its slowest growth level in 23 years, and that’s causing a little bit of a credit crunch across China. Slight decline in consumer confidence that goes along with that as consumer sentiment is very cautious, is the way I would describe it. GDP is expected to be in the mid-sevens for the rest of the year. Typically anything below an 8% is a bit concerning, but nonetheless we do see, across China, some bright spots and for the long term, definitely see a bright opportunity in China. Today, IEO is flat to declining. That makes it a little bit more difficult for growth. And the Chinese typically, in tougher economic times, they typically revert to what we would call CQSR, Chinese QSR, noodle shops, etc., than they do Western QSR-based companies. So these are things and phases we’ve seen before. We’re solidifying our affordability and opportunities to reach the customers with some of the products that we have. Breakfast has performed positively for us in the marketplace. We’ve got a broader strategy around how we engage Millennials and own the night, as we call it, because that’s a big opportunity for us. And again, we continue to look at our menu mix across the board. One last point, and that is Pete mentioned G&A, and we get asked about it quite a bit. One other thing I would add is I would keep in mind that our compensation - so when we talk about a savings in G&A based upon performance based incentives or performance based compensation, if we are not hitting the expectations we have in sales and operating income, then that compensation is at risk. And that is a good balance. It’s a good hedge within our overall formulas and the way we operate as McDonald’s. And so we constantly look at our G&A to make sure we’re making prudent investments for the future, and those investments yielding appropriate returns for our shareholders.
Don Thompson: There are quite a few things that we continue to look at. Clearly service for us, as I mentioned in my opening comments, is a critical performance factor and an experience factor for customers. When we add something like a dual-lane drive through, on a per-car basis, if you looked at flowthrough speed, we typically will see a couple second increase in a flowthrough kind of a measure, because you now have two lanes and they split off. For an individual customer, they get attended to quicker and the absolute times that we see tend to be overall shorter for the experience. And so the dual lane drive through has helped, and it has helped us with capacity. When we implement new products, there’s always a softer period upon the launch of the new products, and then there’s a recovery. The more ingredients in a product, yes that will impact service times, but our operating platform of made for you basically enables us to be able to implement those types of products. So I would tell you at this point the operational focus is strong. There are different measures that come through each and every year relative to customer satisfaction. What we’re focused on is our internal measures of whether or not we’re satisfying the needs of customers from a fast perspective, an accuracy perspective, and then I will tell you the quality of that service and the friendliness of that interaction.
Don Thompson: Just having been the president in the U.S. when we went through this back in 2008 to 2009, I would tell you things that were similar and some that were different. Clearly there was a, from a consumer discretionary spending perspective, it was a very timid if not restricted environment. Having said that, though, the competition at that point was not as strong from a pure price perspective. We had just evolved our dollar menu, just as we’re talking about doing now with Dollar Menu and More. We had just completed that evolution. As you all may recall, we went from a Double Cheeseburger to a McDouble, and we talked about snack wraps a little more strongly. So we were talking about affordability in the same way that we’re doing now, and plan to do even more so in the U.S. business. We had just begun really focusing on the coffee opportunity. I think you’ll hear more about the coffee opportunity, as it still does exist, and you’ll hear more about that at the NIM meeting. And so those things are fairly consistent in terms of how we approach it. Again, definitely more competition in the marketplace. We’re getting back to that focus on the value, the coffee, and those interim pieces. I would tell you we had a pretty decent product innovation at that point, and I think that what you’ve seen this past year is getting us back on track with that in the U.S. as well. Relative to the franchisees, I was just recently at our national leadership council meeting as they meet with the U.S. leadership team. And I’ve not seen as strong an alignment in quite a few years. I think everyone understands the environment that we’re facing. They also understand the legislative environment that we’re facing. Those things cause us at McDonald’s to really consolidate our different needs and desires and really focus on the customer. And so that’s what they were doing, and I left there feeling pretty good about what I was seeing and sensing from the operator leadership group and from our U.S. leadership team, and them all being on the same page. So notwithstanding different reports that will come out, it’s wonderful to live in this world and get a chance to see and visit with the franchisees, not only in the U.S. but around the world.
Don Thompson: Relative to dollar menu products, I want to make sure everyone understands, the dollar menu, there will still be a dollar menu. What we’ve changed is “and more” which means we’re adding products that are $2 level and there will be some $5 level products, and there may be some other fill ins. So I want to make sure no one thinks that we’re abandoning the dollar menu. That is not something that will be part of our affordability strategy, particularly not at a time like this. And so this is one of the ways that we can maintain the dollar menu in the face of rising commodities and labor pressures, but also get a little bit more margin basis on some of the products at $2 and some of the products at higher price points from there, and the franchisees support this. I think when you listen to Pete, and he talked about the comp sales gaps in the QSR sandwich industry, clearly we at McDonald’s are still in a very viable and strong position. The challenge for us is still there is softness in the QSR industry. And we have the right things in place, I believe, for the long term to continue to drive shareholder value.
Don Thompson: And those are our sales gaps. And what we attribute it to is the fact that we did have successful promotions relative to what we’ve done with Mighty Wings. We’ve had some good products with wraps. Those things we have. The challenge, again, that we have is in an industry and an IEO industry that’s been contracting a bit, and also as spending has kind of split, we call it a bifurcation of spending, what we’ve seen is we’ve seen those customers that, to the moderate, middle to low ends, are a little bit more stressed from a discretionary spending perspective. And so that part’s a bit of a wait. At the same time, as you can see from those comp sales gaps, we still have offers that are appealing to consumers.
Don Thompson: Everyone, once again thanks for joining us this morning. As we wrap up the call today, I just want to reiterate our commitment to balancing thoughtful and strategic decisions for the long term with informed and decisive actions that we must take within our markets to continue to actively adjust the plans to strengthen our connection with customers, and also to position ourselves to grow the business profitably. We’ve balanced both of those things together. I’m confident in our ability to deliver long term growth for the system and for our shareholders as we continue to optimize our menu, as we look for additional ways to strengthen and modernize the customer experience, and as we broaden accessibility around the world within the framework of our plan to win. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Peter Bensen: And regarding margins, you pointed out exactly the difference between the third quarter and our outlook for the fourth quarter and that was Europe. The two markets that really had the biggest impact on that improvement in the third quarter in Europe were Russia and France. Combined, they basically contributed to 70 basis points of growth. While the U.K. had growth, it was pretty much offset by the other markets. And France, we had some exceptional labor efficiencies due to their higher sales levels in the quarter that we don’t expect in the fourth quarter. And in Russia, we had a true-up of some of their distribution costs that resulted in a credit that added some improvement to the margins there. Last year, that true-up happened in the fourth quarter, so their margins in the fourth quarter were a little higher last year based on that. So on a comparative basis, we don’t get that benefit. So at the end of the day, based on the current sales trends and the lack of a couple of these unusual items, we don’t expect there to be that growth in Europe margins in the fourth quarter leading the consolidated margins to be more in line with the declines we saw first quarter.
Peter Bensen: I’ll talk about the capex, and Don will probably have a perspective on the franchising percentages. Really, the change in our capex this year has really been a short term thing. It speaks nothing about our view of the future. As we look at the environment, most of the unit cuts have come from China and some of the emerging markets in APMEA. So virtually all of the dollar variance from our original budget to our revised outlook is coming from APMEA. Europe will be on their opening budget, U.S. and the other areas of the world will hit. So it’s really in China and some of these emerging markets where we’re looking at where the projects were. In a lot of these countries, we rely in other retail development and housing development and some of the other development activity in the marketplace to create the traffic generators. And if they’re delayed or behind schedule, there’s been years where we would go ahead and open the restaurants anyway, knowing that that demand would be coming. And this year we’re just taking a little more prudent look at those kind of projects in light of the sales environment, to say, you know what, we’ll hold off and wait for those traffic generators to open or those projects to continue before we’ll open the restaurant. So it’s really just some fine tuning and not an indication of going forward we’re looking to change our capex mix more toward reimaging and backing off of openings. We still think there’s plenty of opportunity to grow to the market potential in several of these countries by opening new units.
Peter Bensen: We will get into 2014 in a little more detail in November, but essentially there’s nothing structural that’s changing. As you’ve pointed out, and we continue to mention, it is really a top line game, and our franchise margins are even more sensitive to comp, because a great proportion of the costs in that line are fixed. So when we generate higher comps, we get the significant leverage. The only thing structural that’s been going on the last couple of years has been our contribution toward reimaging with franchisees, so as we coinvest with them, we continue to get greater amounts of depreciation, but again, with comp sales increases, that should not be a barrier to the margin growth. But as you point out, in this current environment, we’re not getting that top line, so we don’t expect the franchise margin to grow in the fourth quarter.
Peter Bensen: I’ll talk about G&A and Don maybe can give a perspective on China. When we look at our total G&A mix, what we’re doing in this current environment is really looking at what are the discretionary items that we can kind of pull as levers to moderate short term performance. So, travel, meetings, open head count, things like that are things that we look at in environments like this. But at the end of the day, we’re about growing this business for the long term. And so we’re going to continue to make investments in things like technology, especially digital that Don mentioned. We’re going to continue to make investments in our restaurant development teams and in the tools and processes to continue to grow restaurants. So as we look forward, there’s no dramatic restructuring or anything like that that’s going to happen, and we’re going to continue to invest our G&A in the areas that we think are good for the long term growth of the business.
Peter Bensen: I’ll talk a little bit about the pricing. So, traditionally, we strive to keep our price increases in line with food away from home. And for the year, food away from home is projected to be up 2% to 3%. And where we sit today, we’re at about a 2.6% increase. So we’re kind of in line with that measure as we look at it. The other dynamic that we have to keep in mind is what’s going on with food prices at the grocery store. And so the food at home price increases are actually growing about 100 basis points less. So through August, I think was the last data I saw, food at home was only up 1%. So that does create a value perception with the consumer that we do have to keep an eye on. So those are the two biggest factors that we look at as we’re looking at our pricing, as well as using our model that actually goes back in time and looks at a history of all of the price increases by individual item, by restaurant, and look at what happened to demand at those various price changes to make sure we’re optimizing the menu price changes that we do choose to make. So that’s how we continue to look at that. And for the month of September, which is really the four weeks ended the 29th, our gap was actually positive 10 basis points to the QSR sandwich. On a year to date basis, that gap is 0.7.
Peter Bensen: To clarify, our gap between us and the QSR sandwich competition year to date September is 70 basis points. For the month of September, it was only 10 basis points.
Peter Bensen: At this point, we’re not going to get into that level of detail on our outlook. We really were just trying, in this environment where the general expectation was that we would improve as these comparisons ease, we wanted to give some directional perspective on where we thought the numbers would settle out. Obviously in January we’ll get into a lot of the details on what drove the actual. The one item I will mention, though, as we move throughout the year, the commodity cost pressure actually is a little bit greater in the fourth quarter relative to the first quarter, and that’s just really more a factor of specifically some of the proteins that were a little more benign earlier in the year, and us having hedges in place, which actually protect our grain costs throughout the year and really don’t allow us to participate in sharp declines when they do happen, yet over time provide us with that predictability and stability.
Peter Bensen: No, it actually isn’t. I haven’t looked market by market, but the fourth quarter new restaurant openings aren’t dramatically different than we see traditionally year after year. And in fact the new store drag, if you will, the new store impact on margins in China and APMEA has actually sequentially gotten a little bit better. So there’s nothing in those opening numbers that is adding to the pressure in the fourth quarter.
Peter Bensen: They’re not really. As I said, in the U.S. the commodities, the chicken, the beef, and actually our new bacon are the three biggest impacts on commodity costs vis-à-vis the first quarter, partially offset by some of the lower grain costs. So it’s really, as I mentioned in one of the earlier answers, the biggest changed from where we are in the third quarter is really being driven by Europe in terms of the global margin, and that was due to some of the more unusual or one-time kind of items that led to the increase in their third quarter margin.
