Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, Kevin. Here at McDonald's, we remain well-positioned to operate through this crisis from a position of competitive strength, and we're confident in our ability to grow market share as we look ahead. Tomorrow, we're holding our first ever digital convening of operators, suppliers and employees worldwide. We're calling it our worldwide connection. We'll use this touch point to reflect on the inherent strengths of our system by highlighting the enduring values that will continue to guide us as we move forward. Just as we've done since the very beginning, we'll draw on our solid foundation, unique advantages, and core equities to meet the needs of today, while building towards a better tomorrow. Our customer focus and current prioritization of resources will be importantly resist as we drive our recovery and we will continue to use our strategic agility to adapt to the evolving environment. While the velocity growth plan has served us well and elements of the plan will continue to be important, we will continue to evolve the strategy as needed to meet the needs of the customer. We look forward to sharing updates later in the year. And now we'll begin Q&A.
Chris Kempczinski: Good morning, Andrew. Thank you for the question and on the breakfast point. Certainly, as we've talked about on prior calls, breakfast has been one of the more challenged daypart due to Coronavirus. You mentioned and you alluded to the fact that we have had challenges in breakfast over a longer period of time. I think there's been a couple areas there that have driven that. Certainly one has been a much more increased level of competitive activity that we've seen in breakfast. Breakfast as you know prior to the pandemic was the only daypart that was growing. And so as a result, there were a lot of new competitors that were flooding into the breakfast daypart. That certainly was one area of pressure for us. And then I would also just honestly say some of it was around focus and we were not as focused as we were rolling out other things like hot off the grill, the other dayparts for us took on more time and energy and investment. And so as we emerge out of this, I think part of it is certainly going to be a rededication from a marketing and investment standpoint to go after breakfast. I think our ability through the drive-thrus right now to be fast at breakfast is certainly an advantage that we're looking for going forward. And then we will have innovation in breakfast as well. If you look at how we've performed through the pandemic, even though breakfast is certainly in the U.S. still the most challenged daypart. We're actually growing our breakfast share in. And so while it is a drag from an overall standpoint, we're gaining share at breakfast and I know the U.S. operators and Joe are hopeful to continue that trend. As to the point about July, let me pass it over to Kevin, to give you some specifics.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes, thanks David. All right. A couple of things. Let's talk about July. I'll talk about July primarily since it's our most recent information. We talked about Australia being positive. And I'll give a quick round of the Big Five markets, if you will. Australia, we talked about being positive in May and June, they continue to be positive in July. Now remember, Australia was one of the few markets around the world in addition to Canada and U.S. that remained open through all this. So they've got a little different profile, certainly than the European markets. Canada, I'd say is relatively similar to how the U.S. is behaving, meaning that they are just turning slightly positive in July. And again remember they remained open. So I use the U.S. kind of profile as a proxy for Canada. Europe that is obviously a little different. France, Germany and UK, France and the UK were completely closed remember, so they're a little slower to return. I mentioned that France began reopening in May, UK began reopening in June. UK is just beginning to reopen dining rooms. So you've got those different dynamics going on in the European markets. If I look at those three markets in total, they're roughly I will call them negative, high-single-digits to low double-digits. So that overall, when you look at those five markets in July, we're running probably high, I'm sorry mid negative single-digits for that group of five in July. As far as the factors that are impacting those, a couple of things. I think one is the fact that, David, a several of those markets, as I mentioned, were fully closed. So it's just, while there's an immediate rush back and we all see the lines in the drive-thru et cetera. The reality is after a week or a couple of weeks if things settle down, it does take a little bit of time to kind of build up and get back to more closer to normal, I'll say. Dining rooms is a big thing. As I mentioned in my script going into COVID about 70% of our orders were in restaurants. And so I think an order to fully get certainly guest counts back, it'll be getting the dining rooms open in all of those markets. And then the other thing that goes on in some of those European markets is specific locations whether that's travel centers or tourist locations. Some countries certainly the France's, Spain's, Italy's are more dependent on tourism. And so you see some of those markets being impacted more than others.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes, thanks, John. So let me yes, first let me talk about this year which to your point, I think this year, what we are seeing is, there was certainly immediate or near-term disruption both with our franchisees and in the construction industry in a lot of those markets. So that's why you're seeing why we're seeing, I'll say reduced openings this year. That doesn't change our belief in the opportunity going forward; especially I'd say in Europe, where I think there may be some independent restaurants units that are having some bigger challenges, which may present further opportunities for us. So our expectation is that beginning next year, we go back to kind of where we thought we would have been for unit growth in 2021. And again, especially in Europe, we believe there's a lot of opportunity for growth. I mentioned in our script that China is continuing to grow. So we think that they'll still open of our 400 units this year. But Europe, which we have slowed down a little bit this year because of the near-term disruption, our expectation right now and obviously that's all dependent on what happens with the pandemic going forward. But right now our expectation is to get back to having significant unit growth in Europe. We do think there's a lot of opportunities in our key markets in Europe.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure, thanks, Jon. So if you look at the menu, you're right, we went to limited menu. It was largely our core menu in the U.S., and a number of other major markets around the world had a number of benefits to us. It certainly made the restaurants easier to operate particularly as we had some challenges with just staffing levels due to Coronavirus. It also had a very positive benefit around productivity and margins. All of that was also very helpful as we navigated through the second quarter. As we come out of it, as I've said in prior times, I think it is a safe bet that you're going to see us add items back to the menu. I think it's also equally a safe bet that we're not going to go all the way back to where we were. And so how that evolution looks is going to vary market to market in the U.S., I do know that there is innovation that is planned for later this year that's going to bring some menu items on. And then with U.S. operators have talked about with our team has been, let's just make sure every item that we add earns its way back onto the menu. And I think that mentality that mindset is how not just the U.S. but every market is sort of looking at it.
Chris Kempczinski: Hi David, it's Chris. I'll take the first part of that and then if Kevin has anything else to add, I'll pass it off to him. But I think overall, what you're talking about is accurate or certainly something that is worth paying attention to in Europe, which is in Europe, we do face a different competitive set, it tends to be in many cases, smaller operators, bakeries, kind of places that are much more dependent on the walk-in business. Those competitors in countries like France and Germany are certainly under quite a bit of pressure. And we're seeing that right now from a variety of different media that we're hearing about some of the difficulty that exists in those markets. That does create for us an opportunity to take share because of our drive-thru business. I won't get into sort of the by-format details, but I would just say in general and Kevin laid out in his opening remarks, when we have a drive-thru business, you do tend to see those businesses come back faster. Consumers are more in the habit of going to that restaurant and then they see the dining rooms open. And that leads to a faster recovery on the dining room business. But now with basically almost all of our dining rooms opened in Europe, even if you didn't have a drive-thru, we're seeing a nice recovery there. It's just not as fast as if you had a drive-thru that was allowing you to operate as well. And Kevin, I'll pass it off to you for anything else you want to add.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. Thanks, Sara. I do think China's probably more unique and therefore probably not a good proxy to think about for the other market. Start with the fact that in China, only about 15% of the restaurants there have drive-thru. And so for all the reasons that we've already been talking about, it's a different dynamic and a more challenging dynamic when you don't have a drive-thru business. So I think that's one big difference. I think also you mentioned -- you touched on, there has been kind of a variety of different government actions and I'd say sort of several different waves of the coronavirus. All of that when you take it in combination with the fact that there have been other epidemics in China, I think all of that is weighing on the minds of the Chinese consumer and definitely making them more wary. What you're seeing in China is you're seeing many of the kind of non-Western restaurants go to very aggressive value programs right now trying to stimulate some demand in the market. And we do think that that market is going to be more promotional certainly through the balance of this year again as competitors are all trying to get some traffic stimulated there and encourage people to come out of their house. So longwinded way of saying I think China, there's a number of factors that are going on in China that don't allow it to really be a good read-through to other markets. As to the U.S. and the difference between weekdays and weekends, certainly earlier in the pandemic, we were seeing a bigger head on weekends. As we've now moved through that and getting to -- I guess I'd say more of a steady state in terms of where we're at. That disparity between the weekend and weekdays is evening out and it's not as pronounced as it was earlier. Weekend still does provide a tougher comp, a tougher lap than the weekday. But again, the disparity that we saw between weekend and weekdays is leveling out.
Chris Kempczinski: There will be some innovation. I would say that the bulk of that spend is not intended to be going toward innovation, the bulk of that spend is intended for really core menu items and perhaps spotlighting some of our service channel opportunities, like for example, digital. But as I said earlier, when I talk about menu, we're going to have some menu innovation in the U.S. in the back half of the year. So it may get some but I wouldn't think about that that war chest is being deployed largely against innovation, it is going to be largely against the base business because our view is right now consumers are still looking for sort of the trusted favorites, which is why core menu makes sense for us.
Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, Chris. So the check, I think industry-wide there were some big check numbers out there. Part of it was due to mix, so your saw delivery becoming a much more pronounced part of the mix during Q2. Also I think what we're seeing is just larger order sizes, kind of this dynamic, we'll send someone out to order on behalf of the whole family. And so all of that, we're seeing average checks going up call it 30% increase in average check in the U.S. And in terms of what that looks like going forward, we're starting to see it rebalance to what you would imagine are more normal or sustaining levels meaning the traffic is improving. As traffic is improving, you're seeing check come down in terms of its contribution to growth but still we are in a negative traffic environment. And it is being driven largely by check but just the trajectory of it is starting to look a little bit more, as you would expect.
Chris Kempczinski: One of the things that we do is we do every week a tracking survey of consumers across most of our major markets, and I would say one of the things that we have -- that definitely pops in that is concern the anxiety that exists out there around the economy and consumers belief that we are in a sort of recessionary type of dynamic, it's been interesting in many cases, and I think even in our most recent poll that we did, you see economic concerns eclipse public health or public safety concerns. And so as I look at all of that, I'm certainly not qualified to make any predictions around whether we're going to be in recession or not, but I'd certainly say there's a lot of warning signs out there that would suggest that the consumer sentiment and consumer concern about the economy is negative and going in the wrong direction. As we think about what that means for our business and Kevin can talk more about this, but our business tends to be pretty resilient, whether it's through recessionary times or through times of growth, and so we feel well-positioned during those types of periods. But I think you're touching on something that's important, which is, as you go into potentially a more recessionary type of environment in a number of major markets, having good affordability and making sure that that is a key component of your marketing mix is really important. And that's the conversation that I know our leadership teams and markets around the world, including the U.S. are having with our franchisees right now. One of the things that we need to make sure is that coming out of Q2 and I think maybe some of the -- just the shock that sort of went through the system as the pandemic spread, we ended up, as I talked about in terms of our reduction of marketing support, we went into more of a defensive posture. Now as we kind of go into a more normal or what we're kind of saying new normal, next normal, whatever the phrase you want to use operating environment, it's time for us to get back on the front foot. That's why we have the marketing war chest, but it also means that we are going to need to be thinking about how affordability and value can play for all the reasons you were mentioning in your question.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes, thanks, John. On the dine-in, I'm very happy that and I mentioned this, I think on our last earnings call that we are almost completely through our EOTF remodel program, I think that has positioned us very well for the future. Certainly one of the questions that I get from franchisees, hey, we spend on the dining rooms as we went into the pandemic, do we still feel good about that? And my answer is absolutely. In fact, if you look at some of the markets like Australia, for example, that have remained open that have had dining rooms open, one of the interesting things is we're seeing kiosk usage in Australia is up by a meaningful amount. And so I think some of the things that we did with experience of the future and the order modifications where the new order channels like kiosk are playing right to this. Now, certainly, what we're seeing overall and Kevin mentioned this is that dine-in as a percent of our business is a smaller amount today because of the growth of drive-thru. I think our view is as you look out over a longer period of time, we do believe that dine-in is still going to be an important part of the mix. We're not going to be able to get to growing traffic without getting our dine-ins open. So I think we are still going to see dine-ins as being an important part of the business but in terms of enduring behavior, I think whether it's the use of kiosk, the use of mobile, the use of delivery, the use of drive-thru, certainly one of the things is that customers are looking for more of a contactless type of experience. They're looking for more of a digital type of experience, one that they can navigate on their own. I do think that that behavior is going to be an enduring change which is why I mentioned that the 3Ds for us: delivery, drive-thru and digital are going to be important strategic priorities for us for the foreseeable future, and we'll have more to share about that. In terms of work changes, I must admit, I've not heard my coming in as being described as auspicious, but I'll take auspicious, so thank you for that. But for us, there's -- there have been certainly a lot of twist and turn in the COVID road, we're looking at what does all of this mean for the longer-term, but I don't anticipate that there's going to be any major changes that we would do as a result. As all of you know, we went through a pretty significant G&A rationalization over the last several years, not just in the U.S. but globally. And I think that that put us in a very good position for where we're at now. And when I look at expense and layers and all the typical things that you look at from a G&A perspective, I think we're in pretty good shape there. But there are going to be areas that we're going to need to think about, and I'll just highlight one as we move to more virtual learning. How do we think about training and development? And what does that organization need to look like? What's going to be the balance of in-person training that we do versus training that might be done virtually? So there will be some things that we need to think about organizationally. But I would say that those are on the margins. I don't anticipate anything substantive for the broader group.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure, it's definitely on the latter. I think we have done a great job and credit to franchisees across the globe around grabbing the opportunity to improve how our restaurants are running. As we were mentioning earlier, we see customer satisfaction scores in I think eight out of our top 11 markets are up and up by a pretty significant amount. I think all of that is credit to the operational modifications that we've made. But as we've now I think gotten those embedded, there is an opportunity for us to get aggressive in going after share in. And that's the marketing war chest that I talked about earlier. But that's getting on the front food on things like affordability. And so that conversation does vary market by market, depending on what's going on. But I think the mentality for us now is -- is that we have gotten the business to a good position I think, regardless of whether we enter a recession, don't enter a recession. Whether we have resurgence, we don't have a resurgence of the virus. All of those things are going to vary by country, our mindset needs to be now pivoted strongly towards going after share because I think that's the opportunity that we have.
Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, Peter, I'll take the first part. And then Kevin can closeout with the second. But as you think about the government programs, they've certainly been helpful when the first checks got cut on the $600 in the U.S, I mean I think the impact of that was pretty apparent very quickly. Now to some degree it is built into kind of the trends that we're seeing but the prospect of it rolling off, I think our expectation would be for the same reasons that it was simulative, when it first was put in, there would be some negative implication if that were to roll-off. Now whether, a rolling-off of, went from $600 to $200, I don't know we're that good to parse the details to that degree, but there certainly was a benefit not just in the U.S., but we've seen it in a number of other markets around the world that the government fiscal policy has had a positive benefit on comp. And then Kevin, I'll pass it to you for the expire.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, Andrew, related to July U.S. comps, I say they trended up a little bit throughout the month, but they've been running slightly positive for most of the month. And obviously with a few days left, we expect it to be slightly positive for the full month also.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, just to give a little detail on what Chris was just saying. Just to give some numbers about if I look at those big three in Europe that you mentioned, France, Germany, UK, roughly two-thirds of the restaurants in those markets have a drive-thru. And if we think about pre-COVID about a third of our sales in those markets were through the drive-thru pre-COVID, now about two-thirds of our sales are through the drive-thru. So we've certainly seen the advantage of having drive-thrus in those markets. And as Chris mentioned that those do tend to come back quicker than the restaurants without drive-thru.
Kevin Ozan: And then, I'll just add dayparts that you mentioned. I think as Chris mentioned earlier, breakfast is the biggest drag, if you will, in comp but we're gaining share at breakfast. It's just that the overall breakfast market is declining. That'd be for June and into July. I'd say for the U.S. that is. Dinner both in June and July is contributing the comps has been positive. And then I would say lunch is in between the two.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, so on the delivery; I'd say across the board really in basically every one of our markets, certainly I think every one of our significant markets. We're seeing delivery as a percent of sales go up. I mentioned in my remarks, Australia specifically growing to about almost 10% of sales. And we've got several markets on the international side at that 10 or above even. The U.S. isn't that 10% of sales but it has grown significantly during the pandemic. So and that's even with drive-thru growing significantly, et cetera. So we're not seeing either drive-thru, take away from delivery or delivery take away from drive-thru. Both are growing significantly. And again, that's a pretty consistent theme around the world I'd say. Again, overall delivery as a percent of sales in the U.S. is a little lower, certainly than most of our international markets, but growth across the board. The second question was, oh yes, the 70% of restaurants; the 70% that I mentioned of our international markets is in restaurant ordering meaning that they were going in the restaurant. Some of those were eating in and some of those were taking away. But they were actually ordering at the front counter at the kiosk in the restaurant versus going through the drive-thru. So it wasn't all dine-in, it was just kind of in-restaurant ordering which again could mean front counter or could mean kiosk.
Kevin Ozan: On financing for our franchisees in general, our franchisees are still able to get financing pretty much around the world as they need it. They have access to capital certainly and one of the positives we've seen in the U.S. given that's why we're actually continuing to do those EOTF projects and the franchisees want to invest in the businesses. They've got cash flow; they have access to capital and are willing to invest. So we haven't seen any drying up of financing pretty much around the world. I say that but I'd also say we do have some international markets where again they were closed for potentially a couple of months even at a time. And some individual franchisees would have taken on some heavy debt over the last several years between EOTF projects potentially purchasing our restaurants et cetera. So there are individual organizations that I say are a little stretched. But it isn't a lack of access to capital. It's really just kind of working through their ratios.
