Kathy Martin: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. With me on the call are President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Thompson, and Chief Financial Officer, Pete Bensen. Today's conference call is being webcast live and recorded for replay via phone, webcast, and podcast. And before I turn it over to Don, I want to remind everyone, as always, the forward-looking statements in our earnings release and 8-K filing also apply to our comments. Both of these documents are available on www.investor.mcdonalds.com, as our reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures mentioned on today's call with a corresponding GAAP measures. And now I'd like to turn it over to Don.
Kathy Martin: Thanks, Steve. I’ll now open the call for analyst and investor questions. (Operator Instructions) So let’s begin. First is Michael Kelter from Goldman Sachs.
Kathy Martin: All right, thank you. Next question is David Palmer from UBS.David Palmer – UBS Investment Bank: Good morning, guys.
Kathy Martin: Our next question is Jeff Bernstein from Barclays.Ashwin Gorur Shandilya – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, this is Ashwin Shandilya filling in for Jeff. I just wanted to ask basically, in Europe where you’re emphasizing more value in other markets as well. Using history as a guide, can you maybe talk about the consumer response such are focused in the short-term? I mean, I know maybe some pressure on the average check in the short-term, but for how long does that occur before customers refer it back to more normal delivering behavior. And secondly, are there major markets where you’re perhaps being more or less aggressive on value and what are the expectations of those markets. Thanks very much.
Kathy Martin: All right. Our next question is from Mitch Speiser from Buckingham Research.Mitch J. Speiser – Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great, thanks very much. And I’d like to ask another question about margins. In the global margin at the store level, I believe it was down about 80 bps. And Pete, is it possible just to give us a sense of maybe how much of that contraction was due to increased focus on value? And as we look out over the next couple of quarters, do you expect that emphasis to heighten or are we kind of there already? Thanks.
Kathy Martin: All right. Our next question is from Jason West from Deutsche Bank.Jason Taylor West – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, thanks guys. I just wanted to talk about the U.S. market a little bit, you’ve obviously seen somewhat a down shift in the sales trend though the others are still healthy. You’ve seen a slow down from the last couple of quarters. If you could talk about how much of that is kind of a consumer macro driven, I’ve seen people trading down to the dollar menu, value menu, things like that versus competitive activity that you’ve alluded to. It seems like the competitive activity not necessarily value oriented all the time, some of its new product oriented and just marketing oriented. If you can just kind of compare that to maybe other periods of slow down? Thanks.
Kathy Martin: And our final question is from Peter Saleh from Telsey Advisory Group.Peter Saleh – Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Great thanks. I know it’s a little early to be talking about 2014, just wondering what your thoughts are on healthcare costs and if you have any kind of estimates around what that could do on a per unit basis. And what steps could you take in 2013 to kind of get ahead of that.
Don Thompson: Hey, Michael, this is Don. Just, first of all thanks for the question. A couple of different things, relative to value this is part of a – its part of the platform relative to any of the media expenditures in any one of the countries that we operate in. So, value is not a new thing. The question is how much you address it relative to your marketing and media mix. The other thing that we have to do is to make sure that we have a consistent value platform. So, we have talked about consistently last year and this year, several markets, whether they’d be Australia, which was facing some economic difficulties in tough times and the need to have a consistent value base and now they have loose change, which was implemented really at the end of the first quarter and really into the beginning of the second quarter. We talked about Germany relative to McDeals. Our new Chief Operating Officer, Tim Fenton was just out with them. And it is in a feeling value to consumers. At the same time, we mentioned that we have to also have a premium product messaging in the marketplace. And so we have not given up on that. All it is a tweak if you would relative to our media expenditures. But we’ll continue to talk about the premium products, whether it would be in the U.S., Australia, Germany, Japan, France, any of these markets.
Don Thompson: David, that’s a good question. First of all, I’ll say, around McDonald’s we’ve always had a practice of securitizing the costs. So while you reference the investment in overhead, I think we try to make it clear while we talked about the $100 million of incremental G&A this year that, that’s not necessarily a run rate that you can project into the future. Two of those items, the Olympic and the Convention are isolated to 2012 and our investments in technology while those will continue the rate of increase relative to prior year, next year will not be at the same level that it was this year. So take those things aside, we were always scrutinizing cost and looking to be as effective and reallocate cost to drive more sales as we can. Regarding CapEx, while you indicate the environment going forward maybe a little tougher, we don’t see a fundamental shift in our business model. And so we continue to know that if we reimage our restaurants, we will create that brand differentiation, we know that even in these environments there continues to be increasing demand for brand McDonald's going forward. So we will continue to build new restaurants where we see there is to be good opportunities then we can generate good returns. So well, we are a little more cautious going forward, we don’t see a dramatic change.
Don Thompson: Hey, John, I’ll talk a little bit about the flex piece and then ask Pete to talk a little more specifically about margins. One of the things that we do on a routine basis is we have clearly reviews and visits with all of the markets around the world particularly our top 10 markets. And what we really talk about is where they are positioned in terms of the opportunity to grow the business. As we look at the totality of all the markets, we then make any adjustments or capital allocations, reallocations, necessary for us to go to the real market opportunity, but always being mindful of what’s taking place from consumer a level. So there are markets today then initially we began out thinking we would deploy even more capital into, but right now, we may not be performing at a level to manage that kind of capital based upon comparable sales increases and therefore returns. So we on a constant basis, look at each of the markets and how we will flex in and out in terms of any of the investments that we make. And then I’ll ask Pete to speak to some of your margin questions.
Don Thompson: Thanks for the question. There are certain markets that we have focused quite intensively on, this year and also the latter part of last year to establish what we call as a value platform and we’ve talked about some of those markets, Australia, Germany where we knew consumer confidence was really in question relative to the expenditures and they also have a higher propensity for savings. France, we've talked about relative to consumer confidence in the event of austerity measures. Japan, we’ve talked about relative to what they come through now in this post-recovery from the Tsunami, they’re also in a tough economic environment, and clearly markets like the Spain’s and Italy’s of the world, and at southern part of Europe that are having some difficulties. In the U.S., value will always be a major factor, but we have to balance it as one of the earlier questions was mentioned, with premium products, with some of the beverages to offset some of the potential erosion in margin. relative to how long it takes before you recover and what you see initially. Typically, when you bring forward a new value platform, as I mentioned in the comments, customers are not used to that. in some times, I think it’s going to go away. so what they begin to do initially is that they will use that menu from a purchase intent perspective much more slow initially. That usually does vain, sometimes, it may take six months; sometimes, it may take a little less or little more depending upon the overall economic situation in the country.
Don Thompson: Hey, Keith, there are a couple of things and Pete may have a comment on this as well. So food away from home is one – it’s the baseline, it’s the most predominant measure that we’ve historically reuse. But I have to say this, we’ve also used food at home from a grocery store price index perspective, as well as commodity costs and labor costs. And so what we have to do is, look at what we think will be – what will be within the range of price sensitivity and acceptable to a consumers which has typically been food away from home. But also we have to look at what the direction of commodity. So if commodities like they’re going to really ramp up. We want to make sure we’re in a position to minimize the impact of margin erosion by taking appropriate price increases. There are times when we will bump up against as you mentioned food away from home or even for a very short period, we may actually eclipse it, but we’ll bring that right back in line. And that’s just part of the ongoing management of what’s taking place in a broader marketplace in terms of food costs, labor pressures, and then understanding what’s happening with consumer confidence and disposable income.
Don Thompson: So, Joe, we’ve somewhat broken it down, and that we’ve said, half of that relates to the convention in the Olympics and the other half relates to the IT investment.Joseph Buckley – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Don Thompson: Hi, Mitch, just one point on this one is, what we’re facing now from a global economic perspective is, we’re just seeing more markets that have consumer confidence issues, and what we will consider to be more substantial levels. so this notion of value and the way we’re talking about branded affordability, while it is not necessarily new in all of the markets, what we’re finding is that we have to again quake up our messaging, our GRPs, our marketing spend just a little bit more to appeal to some of these consumers who frankly have less confidence in the overall economy, and therefore reduce the disposable spending. and so, that’s why we’re having as many conversations about it. But having said that, we've been doing this in each of these markets over time, so it's not – they're not typically new things, there are a couple of markets where it's new, Japan let’s say or in Australia with loose change, but particularly as they’ve been in France, the U.S. has had a value based menu, Germany’s had SMS. What we’re finding is we may need to quack that up just a little bit more to appeal to some of these consumers. This is the time for us to really focus on guest count growth and market share gains. And so we’d really go at this very hard in times like these even though that means an investment.
Don Thompson: Hi, John, Beijing – so if I look back to Beijing, Vancouver, post the Olympics, what we typically do is, we go back to business as usual. So we don’t foresee a huge shift or change in terms of our base trim line in the UK as we move forward. Having said that, the UK will be facing some tougher austerity measures in the latter half of the year, and so as those things come into play, we’ve got to again make sure, we’re looking at all of the macro economic factors in the market and making appropriate adjustments. We’ve done quite well in the UK, we’re balancing our growth across all the menu tiers and that will continue. But we’ll have to continue to look at the market, but right now, we don’t foresee anything that will cause a substantial change in the base trend line.
Don Thompson: Great question, Jason. A couple of things, we’re seeing a hike in competitive activity across the IEO marketplace, which is an interesting point because it’s not just in QSR, we are seeing it across all of IEO from fast-casual to convenience and grocery stores. I haven’t said that, for us as McDonald's what matters most is to remain focused on what’s within our realm of control. So we will talk about the value platforms, we talked about beverages, breakfast, we talk about premium based products and promotional food events like McBites. We’ve just got to make sure that we are appealing the customers more so, but we are seeing to your point, we are seeing that competition. Now, the other thing is that there is an increase in terms of marketing spend by many of the folks in the competitive segment. So we have to clearly be able to make sure that our strength of voice and our share of voice is still resonating with consumers out there and we build awareness for the McDonald's brand. So this is not new, we go through competitive fresher’s and there will resurgences and a kind of ebbs and flow from time to time. But what it means for us is we just got to be focused on our business plan and execute that at the highest level.
Don Thompson: Yeah, Andy, relative to China, so clearly we’re seeing a little bit of a slowdown economically and we talked about the Tier 1 cities, which is where we are, which is where our presence is absolutely the strongest, it’s where we are concentrated. Those markets seem to be facing much stronger macro economic pressures than clearly the Tier 3s, 4s, those cities that are outside of the core in terms of where our focus has been. So we are seeing some macro economic pressures. On the value side, we are seeing a little bit more media and marketing around value-based products. Clearly, I think we are in a pretty good position there relative to the overall marketplace in China. But the other thing is that, for us, it’s got to be consistent when you execute value. So, if you look at last May, June timeframe, we were running 13% and 16% comps. And so as we went into this year, we knew that those were fairly high hurdles. Nonetheless, if we execute the existing value lunch strategy, value dinner adding strategy; breakfast is our fastest growing take part in China. We’ll continue to do well in the marketplace. But we have focused on a little bit more based on consumer confidence measures. We have focused a little bit more on a value side in China as well.
Don Thompson: An interesting point, we look at it quite often is, we’ve been at points what we’ve seen is one or two markets of our top 10, maybe three or four that might be experiencing some of these consumer confidence issues, this is one of the first times when we’ve seen in a much broader base perspective, so it’s a little bit more than European cold, if you would, it’s kind of a little bit more a global piece that we’re seeing, across the board. So what all it means for us is that the things that we’ve employed historically, we’ve got to make sure that we’re in the best position again to drive in, additional traffic in the restaurant to be able to trade those up, but we’re making substantial investments to be able to do that now in all of the markets that we’ve talked about. And we’re seeing some results in terms of some of that the guest count movement, but we may not necessarily see those sales flow down to bottom line until we’ve got into a point where we can really trade those guest counts up.
Don Thompson: Hi, Sara. So we talked about Brazil, I highlighted Brazil as one of those countries, but in Brazil as a development licensee, it was the only country that I have mentioned in large part that is a development licensee wholly from that perspective, When you look at the other countries we’re growing in, whether it be China, yes, lower average unit volumes, but we’re growing quite aggressively as you know in China, the growth that we have in some of the others, the India’s and the Russia’s, other world. In India, we have a developmental licensee and a joint partner; in Russia, that is a wholly-owned market, so it’s all McOpCo; the U.S. we have a mix; markets like France we have a similar mix and closer to that 80% to 90% franchise kind of a range, but it is the traditional franchise. So, we have growth across many markets and the ownership structures are a little different. So as we look at the allocation of capitals, we're looking how we can get maximum returns, but we are also look into see what customers want more McDonald's. That’s the first and most important thing, where are the true growth opportunities to build the business and build a system wide sales.
Don Thompson: Hey, Joe, thanks for the question. Couple of different things, clearly in Germany, SMS and we talked about this back, I think it was April or May, SMS has been stepped up. We have to put more marketing dollars, immediate dollars behind it. Also they created the €3.79 McDeal. So Germany, they did implement that albeit toward the end of the second quarter. In France, Petit Plaisir is across the Board now. It’s something else that we had mentioned and what they don’t have yet is a one sandwich type price point value but their base value platform is Petit Plaisir. So we haven’t gone all the way to Eurosaver there. At this stage, the franchisees are discussing next steps. But we believe we’re in a pretty good competitive position in France right now. The UK has continued on Eurosaver’s. Markets like Spain and Italy are in a value proposition called Uno por Uno, and I would tell you Spain has executed this quite well over the last several years and they are performing well even in the state that the economy in Spain has had, but there are other markets. Italy is a tough market for us. Italy right now even with the value proposition for those of you who visited Italy, you know there is a lot of street side cafes and their value proposition is a lower tier even than what we proposed at McDonald’s Uno por Uno. So, we have to continue to try to see how we can breakthrough in a marketplace like that. So it does vary a bit, but we are seeing some early results nonetheless we have to stay diligent in all of those markets.
Don Thompson: First, I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. In closing, we continue to deliver solid results, because the entire McDonald’s system, franchisees and supplier partners, company employees, it is the most aligned it has ever been as we continue to execute our plan to win, and the three global priorities that we’ve established in optimizing our menu, modernizing the customer experience, and broadening accessibility to our brand. I’m also confident that with our solid strategic plans to gain market share over the long-term and the experienced senior leadership team that we have and the ongoing communications we have with franchisees, we’ll continue to grow the business for the system and for our shareholders. We remain steadfast in our commitment to our long-term strategies as we make smart and strategic decisions to mitigate short-term pressures in these challenging times. So, again, thanks for joining us today. And have a great day.
Peter J. Bensen: Yeah, John, regarding the commodities, our supply chain folks, our suppliers, our treasury folks really spend a lot of time earlier this year in looking at the markets and did a great job in securing a lot of our grains and other commodities at cost before they ran up related to the recent drought. And so that’s why we’re able to lower our outlook for this year and you can imagine, while we won’t get into specific details, we’ve taken a greater amount of coverage for the next year, sitting here at this time, than we did half a year ago. So we feel pretty good that the impacts from the drought are going to be minimized, our next year’s results as well to the extent we can see that sitting here today. But as you referenced, margins are still a top line game. And so they are dramatically impacted by our comp sales and to the extent the comp sales soften, that’s where you see that deleveraging.
Peter J. Bensen: And I think Keith, it also – it’s fair to assume in that kind of pricing equation if you will or pricing formula, we do look at what’s going on the menu boards at the competition. So, the competitive environment does, also factor into it, but Don highlighted that, it’s the more macro factors that we do look at.
Peter J. Bensen: All right, Matt. First, let me – July, and I know this is generally out there, but July we are facing a negative 1.8% trade day impact. So that is impacting July, as well as the fact that Ramadan is staring – started last week, so we are going to have 10 days impact of Ramadan this year in July when that was entirely in August last year. So those were a couple of things to think about when reflecting on that July guidance. But as we said earlier, the same thing applies to franchise margins even more so that applies to company operated margins is that they are a top line gain. So they’re really driven, we get tremendous leverage when we are driving comps and they tend to slowdown as comp sales slow. The other thing specific to the U.S. is with the reimaging that’s going on. We are seeing a greater increase in depreciation expense. But typically depreciation is one of those fixed costs that you could leverage with the increased sales, but with the progression of increasing the reimagings, we are continuing to layer on some additional depreciation expense, that will continue in to the near future.
Peter J. Bensen: Yeah, Mitch, it’s hard to pinpoint precisely how much of that is related to our increased focus on value. And specifically, Don, alluded to this a little bit, when we say value, it’s not just that entry point value, so it’s not just the dollar menu or the one euro items in that menus. It’s also some of those premium food events that are a relative value compared to the rest of the marketplace. So I know we talk a lot about value to drive transactions and the implications there, that is the entry level value and a lot of that is, but it also has different forms across the menu board. But I would say that as we focus more over these next couple of quarters, it is likely that the impact will be a little bit more, will be greater in the next couple of quarters.
Peter J. Bensen: Hey, John, I'll take the first part of your question, and then Don can give you a perspective on the UK But the $50 million incremental technology investment spending this year, that will stay in our base and that level of spending will recur next year. So to say it differently, $50 million for the Olympics and conventions does not repeat next year, but the technology spent continues, but obviously, at a zero increase, if we spend the same amount. With that, I’ll ask Don to talk about the UK.
Peter J. Bensen: Howard, couple other things, one is that we started this year and we had the benefit of the leap year and we had the benefit of the unusually warm winter, in a lot of places around the world. So the first quarter while it was strong, there were a couple of things that boosted that beyond the wherewithal normal performance churn event. But as you look around the world, I’d say, one of the changes is just the length of this economic challenging period. Back in ’08 and ’09, I think people thought this was an issue, it was going to come, it was going to go, it didn’t dramatically change consumer behavior. They did change some, but not dramatically, and I think now, that it’s persistent for so long, and especially in Europe, it’s gotten so much deeper in some of these countries that it is really starting to constrain consumer behavior, several of the markets there, the Eating Out market is just simply declining. People are staying at home, they aren’t going out and the magnitude of the issues in Europe are having ripple effects around the world. And the most significant is, it is impacting the consumer’s behavior and whether that means they are saving more or they’re just going out less. All in all it is meaning more flattish to declining eating out generally around the world.
Peter J. Bensen: Yeah. R.J., a couple of them, you guys have seen that we’ve showed at whether it was a NIM or some of you saying these in business to the innovation center et cetera. but clearly the beverage platform, we’re seeing has quite a bit of resonance and it is being looked at by many markets around the world as we move forward there. But also wraps it’s a platform, you guys have seen the wraps, the wraps are being looked at in many markets around the world, we’re in quite a few countries across Europe right now, but the variations in the wrap whether beef or chicken, your ability even going to shrimp and fish have been quite tremendous, we’ve even done some breakfast work with those wraps as I mentioned today. So we’re seeing those kind of platforms move around quite a bit. On the premium sandwich side, that was – I think it was at the Investor Meeting, we showed you guys a burger called the Pub Burger in the U.S., those type sandwiches that are more premium beef sandwiches and we can also do premium chickens are some of the sandwiches that have resonated in Europe. And so you can look forward to seeing some sandwiches similar to that, next year for sure impossibly, possibly even the latter part of this year.
Peter J. Bensen: Phillip, we're seeing wage pressure in virtually every market around the world. U.S. there continues to be increases in the average rate. I think there were seven states that hit normal wage at the beginning of the year at a 4% to 5% clip, which are impacting that. In addition in the U.S. we continue during the quarter to invest labor enrolling in the peek hour and so that added a little bit of pressure to the labor line. If you go into Europe, not only our wage is increasing but some of the austere measures in Europe include, additional social charges, an additional payroll type taxes, that are putting pressure on the wage rates. And in Asia, a lot has been written about China and the pressure on wages there, so we're experiencing wage pressure there as well, so it’s clearly a global phenomenon for us.
Peter J. Bensen: Peter, our current estimate is healthcare is going to impact each individual restaurant in the range of $10,000 to $30,000. That obviously a wide range, but there is a lot of different factors when you look at the healthcare law that impacts the number of employees, the number of full time employees, what is the current healthcare offering from the owner operator for McOpCo. So there are a lot of variables, but I will tell you that we are significantly increasing now that the Supreme Court has ruled increasing our conversation and disclosures with franchisees around what this mean for brand McDonald's. So that they can be as educated as possible around what’s happening so that they can start to anticipate and make any changes that they have to try to minimize the impact of this. And on a just a dollar basis that $10,000 to $30,000, we have years like last year where commodity cost increases were even greater than that. So while this is a significant item and it’s gaining a lot of attention as the P&L item we’ve managed through items of this magnitude in the past and I’m hopeful we can do that in future.
