Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, Ian. Our brand has never been more relevant than it is today, a testament to our Accelerating the Arches strategy and the over 2 million people in our system who bring it to life with our franchisees in the restaurants every single day. As part of our Accelerating the Arches strategy, we've been particularly focused on revving up our world-class marketing engine with our agency partners and internal teams. We have expectations of what creative excellence should look like, and we're certainly proud of the progress we've made. Others are echoing this sentiment, and the industry is taking notice. Recently, McDonald's topped The WARC Effective 100 for the fourth year running, a ranking of the world's most awarded campaigns and companies for effectiveness. This is in addition to earning the #2 spot on Fast Company's World's Most Innovative Companies List of 2023. While we are pleased with where our brand is today, we know there is still more opportunity ahead, particularly as we change our ways of working through Accelerating the Organization, which I discussed at the outset. As I've said before, as goes our brands, so goes the economic health of the company and our nearly 5,000 franchisees globally. As Ray Kroc once famously said, we're not in the hamburger business, we're in show business. This showcases the importance of marketing our brand, which is more than just the food that we serve. The McDonald's franchise business model has provided a significant on-ramp for so many to work hard and prosper. And we want to ensure that the opportunity exists for generations to come. In fact, our franchisees are generating significant returns over the life of their 20-year agreements, far exceeding their cost of capital and relevant benchmarks. At its core, Accelerating the Arches is about us continuing to set up the company and our franchisees to prosper in the long-term. To that end, we'll continue to marshal the weight of the company's resources so that the business model endures. Ray Kroc would often say that we cannot grow without trying new things or without taking risks. Together as a system, we have an extraordinary opportunity to lay the foundation for our future to maintain an unwavering bond with customers. We'll achieve this through continuous innovation, building digital relationships and delivering personalized experiences with ease, no matter how our customers choose to enjoy McDonald's. As I told our internal teams earlier this month, as we adapt to our new organization and new ways of working, the most important thing we can do is to keep taking care of our customers, our system and each other. As we face a dynamic operating environment and changing customer demand, I'm confident that Accelerating the Arches is the right playbook, combined with the actions we're taking to accelerate the organization to keep McDonald's best positioned to be there for our customers and navigate the next chapter of our growth. I want to acknowledge that the path to continuously improving how we innovate for customers in the system involves difficult decisions, and saying goodbye to valued colleagues is never easy. What gives me confidence in our path forward is how the people in our system time and again have shown up for each other to realize the full potential of the opportunity ahead. Thanks again to our incredible employees, franchisees and suppliers for your continued dedication and commitment. With that, I'll now turn to Mike for Q&A.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. Thanks for the question. Going back to Q3 I think of last year is when we started getting asked questions about our outlook for the macro environment in 2023. And I would say our view remains unchanged, which is our base expectation is for a mild recession in the U.S. In Europe, we expected it to be more challenging. I think things are looking better in Europe than they were certainly back in Q3, but still compared to the U.S., I think more challenging in Europe. So our base expectation from a macro standpoint for 2023 is unchanged. I think how we're positioned, it goes back to the word I used in my opening, which is consistency. And our job is to make sure that no matter what the environment, whether you're in a boom cycle or whether you're in a more challenging macro environment like I think we are in right now, our business has to continue to perform. And one of the things that I feel really good about is, as you mentioned, in good times or in bad times, McDonald's tend to do well. I would just add a little color, which is we do see some of the pressures that give us reason to believe that our view on the macro outlook is accurate, which is, one, we are seeing a slight decrease in units per transaction. So things like did someone add fries to their order, how many items are they buying per order, we're seeing that go down in most of our markets around the world slightly, but it's still going down. And then the other thing is we continue to monitor very closely the acceptance of our pricing. I'm really proud of how our system has executed pricing in light of the double-digit inflation that we have been experiencing. But we are seeing, in some places, resistance to pricing, more resistance than we saw at the outset. So I think all of those things are reflective of, again, a more challenging macro environment. But again, McDonald's, we perform well in good times and in bad. And so that's what gives us the optimism as we go through the rest of this year.
Chris Kempczinski: The only thing I would add is, certainly, one of the things that gives our system confidence is the top line performance because there's an understanding that what we're dealing with right now from an inflation standpoint that, that is going to improve. Certainly, our expectation is it's going to improve as the year unfolds. And so when you have this kind of strong top line momentum and you're working your way through inflation, ultimately, you start to see the benefits of that. And one of the things that we're seeing in the U.S., the U.S. has slipped back to being cash flow positive for our franchisees in quarter 1. 2022 was more challenging for them from a cash flow standpoint. But again, when you have a strong top line and you're working your way through inflation, you can be pretty confident, you can be very confident that you're going to get back to the cash flow growth that our system expects. And so we feel good about that sort of message is what keeps the system aligned for the long-term.
Chris Kempczinski: And then to your question about consumer behavior, the transaction, I believe we talked about this on the last call. Mike can correct me if I'm wrong. But we were seeing pressure on units per transaction even last quarter. That continued into this quarter. So I wouldn't say that, that is in any way a new development. That's been something that we've seen, which does just give us the perspective that certainly the customer is being mindful about how they're spending their dollar or their euro or whatever the relevant currency is. But as far as outlook for the business, we remain very confident about how we're positioned. We remain confident, as I said in our press release, the demand, the consumer demand for our brand remains strong. So there's no change from our perspective in terms of how we're feeling about rest of the year. Certainly, we have in quarter 1 the benefit of lapping Omicron, and the whole industry does. We also, as I mentioned in our last call, had more favorable weather in January. So we had some things going on in January that from an industry standpoint, made this an easier compare. But our outlook for the rest of the year, we expect to continue taking share. We've been taking share pretty consistently now for several years. Our outlook is that we're going to continue to take share through the balance of 2023.
Chris Kempczinski: Thanks for the question. We are -- we have seen, as you know, historically very strong performance from delivery. I think it is fair to say that the growth of delivery whether that's a function of it just being at a large number now or if it might, in fact, be some of the consumer pressures, but the growth of delivery has certainly slowed. There is still growth, but it's not nearly the growth that we saw previously. So I think as we look at it, delivery is going to remain an important part of the business, but it's certainly not going to be the degree of growth driver that it has been historically, which goes back to why having a very balanced playbook, where you're getting growth from multiple levers is so important.
Chris Kempczinski: I would just add, our message to franchisees in Europe, in this case, but it goes back with the same message that we delivered during COVID, which is so long as you're doing the right things to drive the business in the long-term, if there are short-term pressures out of your control, we'll work with you to help and support you through that. That's very much an organization-by-organization, restaurant-by-restaurant decision. But what we want to do is we want to make sure that our system always remains focused on the long-term. And that's about ensuring that we're doing great service to our customers. We're running great restaurants. We're providing the necessary value. If you're doing all of those things from a long-term that you've got the benefit of McDonald's being able to help you if there are short-term pressures outside of your control.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. So we have the best data in the U.S. to be able to do the analysis that you're talking about. And the headline is we're getting share performance, share growth out of all income groups. So it's not that we're disproportionately benefiting from gaining share with low-income consumers, which I think was maybe the underlying question behind the question. We're seeing share performance, share improvement across all income groups, which makes us feel good about kind of where we're at from a value and a consistency standpoint. I don't know if, Ian, if you want to add.
Chris Kempczinski: On price resistance, I think there is just -- it's a reminder about how we have to be very disciplined on where we take pricing. And we've built a very good capability over the last several years working with some external partners to know exactly by item, by restaurant, the ability for us to take pricing. And what we see is that when we follow that and we're mindful of the elasticities that we're able to get the pricing that we need through, and we've seen really no deterioration in that. But what we are seeing is when you go off script, when you go and you start to try to take pricing in areas that would not be suggested by all of our modeling that we are starting to encounter some more resistance there. And so just as a reminder that we need to stay very disciplined on pricing. The customer is certainly feeling, I think, some of the stress and pressures on that. We remain a great outlet for value and affordability. But we have to do it in a very strategic and a very targeted way, and we've got the tools to do that. As you said, we've got thousands of franchisees, roughly 5,000 franchisees globally. So it's incredibly difficult, I think to get it down to a sound bite of what we're hearing from any one franchisee or from any one particular country. But broadly, there certainly is a lot of concern around the inflationary pressure and an inquiry about when we expect that to flip and be more benign. It certainly is going to improve. Our expectation is it's going to improve through the balance of this year, but it's still going to remain elevated versus what we've historically been accustomed to. We've historically been accustomed to very low single-digit inflation. And I think our outlook for the full-year is it's probably going to be more like mid- to high single-digit inflation in the full-year but nonetheless, improving. So inflation, I think is an area of concern with franchisees that we're having a lot of conversations on. We're also having conversations around digital and just how do they think about what the restaurant experience is in a more digital environment. We have been having a lot of conversations around labor around the world. Fortunately, we're seeing the labor situations improving. In fact, in the U.S., they've made a lot of progress on staffing in the restaurants, which is partly what's driving some of the operations improvement, but labor was something that there was a commentary on around the world. And then as we've phased in our PACE program, as I mentioned, we put it in place in all of our major markets last year with the exception of the U.S., which started this year. But after three years of no grading in the restaurant and then you start grading, there inevitably is questions and in some cases, areas of feedback that we get. And we work our way through that. We did that last year in all of our international markets that implemented PACE, and we're seeing the benefit of that. Joe in the U.S. has been very consistent with the franchisees there that if after the first 90 days of rollout, if there are areas that we need to make adjustments, we'll do that. But overall, we're seeing great performance from a restaurant execution standpoint, and that's a credit to the franchisees, how they've gotten after labor, but also how they're just engaging with their teams at the local level.
Ian Borden: Let me maybe just add a couple of things to what Chris talked about. I just think value for money and affordability, I would say, are two things that we're always laser-focused on, but I think, obviously, even more so in the current context. And I think if you look across our top markets, we have a leadership position in both of those attributes. We know that even as Chris talked to, we're having to take more price on the back of higher levels of inflation that the competitive gaps that we're maintaining versus the competitive set have remained consistent. So I think we're doing that in a very prudent and balanced way to make sure that we are kind of leaning into the needs of our consumers in the different markets around the world. I think the other thing, Brian, that you highlighted, which I think is important to call out is the business, if you look at the U.S. as an example, is in a much different position than the last time we went through an environment like this because of the strategic investments we've made over the last several years. I think about the fact that our entire estate is modernized now. I think as the fact that the channels that we've put in place through digital, where we can kind of interact with consumers on a more personal level, and so I think we've built a level of, I'll call it, pricing elasticity in just because of how we've continued to invest in the brand and the experience for our customers that puts us in a strategic advantage, I think, versus much of the competitive set around us. And so again, a period like this is never easy for anyone to work through, but I certainly think we're really well positioned to navigate the challenges ahead.
Ian Borden: Good morning, Sara. Thanks for the question. Look, I think -- and Chris touched on this upfront, but just I think the consistency of how our strategy is being brought to life across each of our three operating segments is really what's behind the performance. I mean, obviously the context, the pricing is different across different markets depending on level of inflation, et cetera. But I think if you go back to what Chris talked about upfront is we're seeing really good consistency from what I'll call the mix of check and traffic growth. I think we're seeing a lot of consistency around how we're positioned from a value for money and affordability standpoint. And if you look at the key parts of our Accelerating the Arches strategy, there's a lot of consistency and how those are being brought to life for our system. And we feel really good also, as Chris highlighted, just about the focus on execution, which is coming to life across every part of our business and how that's translating into a better experience. And we're seeing really good consistency in that, feedback from our customers and the improvement in the customer satisfaction scores that we're seeing. And so I think that's really what's behind. I think the consistency of results is when our system gets focused on the opportunity ahead of it and brings that to life with a lot of execution and discipline. I think that's what drives the consistency in our performance.
Ian Borden: Yes, good morning, Chris. Let me take that one. Let me just start with the back half of your question then I'll kind of work back to what you asked upfront. I mean, I think if you look at -- I'll kind of center in on a data point, which is kind of our quarter one company-operated margin percent, which actually, if you look at it on a percentage basis, we were slightly below where we were expecting to be for the quarter, even though we had obviously that really strong top line result. And so I think that's the impact of us heading into higher levels of inflation than we were even anticipating in the first quarter. And so I think our outlook for inflation for the year, I'll kind of break that into a couple of pieces. I think if you look at the U.S., we certainly believe we're on a downward trend, although inflation remains elevated. So if you look at commodity inflation on the food and paper front in 2022, we were in the mid-teens level in the U.S. This year, we think it will be mid- to high-single-digit. I think labor inflation will still remain elevated just on the back of a really continued strong labor market. And then I think if you move to Europe, from a food and paper commodity standpoint in 2022, we were in the mid-teen levels in Europe, and we expect to be in the mid-teens again in 2023. So I would say Europe, we still feel is kind of working through what I'll call the eye of the storm, so to speak, from a headwind perspective. Certainly believe inflation is front half versus back half-loaded and certainly believe as we get into the back half of the year, we'll start to see inflation moderate down but still really elevated in Europe. So I think if you go back to operating margin for the first quarter, we finished at 46% on the back of that really strong top line. And I think as we've said pretty consistently in the past, we certainly continue to expect that if we can drive strong top line growth, we should get leverage on operating margin from a percentage perspective as we go forward. Certainly, don't necessarily believe that will be necessarily linear. And I think there's a lot of headwinds for us to continue to work through both from an inflationary standpoint, but just as Chris talked about earlier, just from that macro uncertainty that we know we need to navigate. So I think certainly, you can kind of see a path forward where operating margin could come up a little bit from where our guidance is today if we continue to see that strong top line result over the course of the rest of the year, but there are several ifs there. And I think there's just a lot of headwinds for us to navigate that we remain cautious on.
Ian Borden: So I'll take the first bit on the clarification, David. That's a non-GAAP, the 46% I talked about is a non-GAAP number.
Ian Borden: Yes. Good morning, Jon. Thanks for the question. I think I just would reiterate how we've talked about that support previously, which is, I think it's targeted, it's temporary. And it's designed to go to the owner operators that are most in need. As we've talked about, I think the more acute kind of headwinds that our system is dealing with are mainly concentrated in Europe. So that's where the majority of the support that we've put in place is going. I mean, the support that we're providing is nothing new. We provide support around our system when the conditions and context warranted. It's obviously just a little bit more significant this year just because of the pace and I think the acuteness of some of those headwinds that are being worked through. I think it's one of those strategic advantages that you've heard me talk about before that we have as a system because we've got the financial capability to do that. And it's, I think, designed to recognize the headwinds. And we always knew that, that kind of -- the main pressure point would be in the first half of 2023, which is what we're seeing. I think it's designed to ensure that our system stays focused on executing our plan, stays aligned and proactive on investing in the strategic growth opportunities that we know we have, which I think will certainly be an advantage as we kind of get through these short-term pressures in the underlying momentum our business will have as we exit and take us forward as we get beyond '23. And I think we've seen a good engagement from our franchisees in terms of the support we're providing and how we're working together to bring that to life.
Ian Borden: Yes. Maybe just a bit of texture I would add. I think as Chris touched on, I think what we're pleased about, particularly in the U.S., if we use that as the example, is just that balanced growth between check and guest count, probably two-thirds check, about a third guest count, I think if you look from a comp basis, on both sales and traffic, we know we are outperforming the competitive set. And I think it goes back to what we've talked about a fair bit today, which is just that really strong focus that we've got on value for money and affordability. Despite the pricing again that we're having to take in the context we're in, I think the discipline that both our owner/operators and our company restaurants are bringing to life and the pricing that we're doing is ensuring that we're kind of maintaining that healthy balance, kind of resonating with consumers despite their kind of individual circumstances and continuing to drive really healthy momentum as we go forward.
Ian Borden: Maybe just a small build on that. I think as Chris said, obviously, when you're in a period of higher inflation and cost pressure, that's always going to be a topic to discuss. I mean, I think our job as a system and as McDonald's is to make sure that we've got a set of strategies and plans in place that's going to deliver that strong top line momentum. And I don't think you're hearing any lack of confidence from any part of our system about the strategies and plans that we've got in place. And I think as Chris touched on earlier, the proof point, if that's obviously the best way to work through any significant cost pressure environment, if you look -- the U.S. is a great example, obviously, not only in the results they're delivering, but in that first quarter proof point that Chris talked about where our owner/operator cash flow is actually up. That's what's going to get our system through these short-term pressures and ensure that as we come out of those pressures, we're going to be on the path to recovering margin as we go forward with that strong momentum behind us. And I think that's certainly what we're all focused on delivering against.
Ian Borden: Yes, good morning, John. Let me start with the first bit, and then I think Chris will take the second part of your question there. I mean, I think from a pricing perspective, it goes back to what we've talked about a bit through the call today. I mean, I think we're always focused on ensuring we're delivering strong value, strong affordability, even more so, obviously, when consumers are under pressure as they are. I think currently, I think we certainly -- if you look back, I would say, when we get into these moments where consumer disposable income is under more pressure and they're having to think about moving to more affordable options, I think we are certainly a beneficiary of that as just because of our positioning on value and affordability. And I think strategically, if you go back and use the U.S. as the example, what we've done over the last couple of years to invest in the estate, to invest in our marketing and brand communication, to invest, I think in the channels where we're bringing our experience to life, whether that's digital and how we're connecting with our consumers, whether that's delivery, et cetera, I think we have a lot more compelling reasons to visit and advantage versus those around us. I think if you think of the food away from home and the food at home, I mean, I think the dynamics been in reverse over the last probably 12 to 18 months versus what you would see typically, meaning food away from home inflation has actually been lower than food at home. I think you're starting to see that shift back to more traditional kind of dynamics. But I think we feel good about how we're generally positioned against from a choice perspective for consumers even as those dynamics shift back. And I think you look at kind of the first quarter momentum, the fact that we've got that positive traffic growth that we're kind of outcomping the competitive set, I think are all strong indications of that. But I mean, it's work ahead that we need to stay focused on to ensure that we kind of maintain our positioning from a value and affordability and ensure we're delivering a better experience, as Chris touched on earlier, to ensure that we're kind of earning every customer visit each and every time they need to make a choice on where they're going to go. To the second part of your question, I think even though our digital sales are now roughly 40% of overall sales and about half of that being identified, it's still early days for us in our journey there. I expect that we're going to continue to see digital as a percent of the business grow. You look at China, where it's almost 80%, 90% of the business, it gives you an indication of potentially how high is up. As you get more and more of your sales on digital and as more and more of your customer base becomes identified, I think you can get much more specific around how you're delivering personalized value. And I'll just give you one example. I love our McChicken Sandwich. I order our McChicken Sandwich all the time. I should never be getting, and I say this to the team, I should never be getting on my app on offer for the McChicken Sandwich. We're not yet at that level of sophistication, but we're going to get to that level of sophistication. And so as you think out to the future, I think all of the things that we're doing right now, we're laying a foundation for a very intimate, close connection that we have with our customers. And as we do that and as we get more and more identified, I think it's going to allow us to get much more sophisticated about how and when we're delivering value into whom. And for what purpose? Is it to drive frequency? Is it to drive reach? All of that is to come. We're in very early stages today.
