Chris Kempczinski: Thank you, Kevin. Despite the uncertainties we continue to face, one thing is clear. McDonald's is well positioned to emerge from this moment with competitive strength. And we're confident we can keep capturing market share as we look to the future. We're confident because we were growing share in most markets before COVID. We're confident because we've continued growing market share during COVID. And we're especially confident because we've gained important insights which will bolster the strategic vision we set with accelerating the arches. This clarity of purpose and strategy is the reason that in October, we increased our annual dividend to shareholders. Not only did it mark 40 plus consecutive years of increases, it reinforced to our shareholders are confident in the long-term strategy. Also, the reason we continue directing investments where they make the most strategic sense and build on our strengths. We will uphold McDonald's commitment and legacy as a responsible and reliable choice for trusted delicious food. And will do so while feeding and fostering community and continuing to create delicious, feel good moments for everyone. This is the mission that has always and will always animate our work. But when it comes to our customers, our employees, our franchisees and our suppliers it doesn't just matter what we do, it matters how we do it. And now we'll begin Q&A.
Chris Kempczinski: John this is Chris. Thanks for the question. And in the IOM market, as you know it is -- those markets tend to be more of a dine-in business. And so, the biggest thing that we're doing with many of these markets having dine-in close is we are trying to do as much as we can to drive our drive-thru delivery our digital businesses and we're having good success with that. Some of it though, is frankly limited because in many markets, the risk -- our operating hour restrictions 6 P.M. 8 P.M., et cetera. So I think you know, part of what we are trying to do is with our franchisees, so long as we are dealing with government restrictions around what you can open, how long you can be open. It's about supporting the franchisees, as we said in the opening remarks here, making sure that all of our franchisees have the liquidity that they need to get through it. As you come through, though, I think the plan that we laid out, which is focused on driving core menu in the 3Ds, that's the way that we really come out of this, I think in a very strong position. And we've seen as we've gone through this, one of the things for us, we've discovered capacity that we didn't even realize we've had. We think in the last year, we've moved something like 300 million additional cars through our drive-thrus. And you’d asked me a few years ago, I was thinking that we were pretty, pretty maxed out on drive-thru. So I think our guys are set up well to get after this. But as we're continuing to deal with some of these short-term restrictions, it is challenging.
Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, Eric. In Australia, as you note, it has been one of the few markets in the world that has -- I would say relatively unscathed by Corona virus, as they've done a very nice job of containing the virus. And that market is performing very strongly at our franchisees in Australia are going to have record cash flow in 2020. The businesses is doing high single-digit performance. So I think it is for us a good indication of what the post-COVID opportunity for us can look like. I think what we are expecting, though, is and what we've seen is we've gone through COVID. And then resurgence of COVID recovery is that channels like digital, like delivery like drive-thru, they do remain elevated. We think that that is going to be kind of one of the more enduring parts of it. It doesn't mean that there still isn't going to be a sizable dine-in business. But I think the takeaway business is going to remain elevated post-COVID, including delivery with that. And those channels when you look at whether its delivery or digital drive-thru those tend to be higher order sizes. And so as the mix moves to that I think this idea of elevated check, we're expecting that that's going to continue, albeit not at the levels that you're seeing now. But I think it just there's going to be a channel mix shift that is going to continue to give benefit to average check going forward is our expectation.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. Thanks, David. Well, as you know, I know the U.S. market well having run that for three years, and I'd say there are a few things that I just learned during my time in the U.S. The first is, we have 2,000 owner operators in the U.S. And it is very difficult to generalize sort of what is the overall sentiment in that market, you have 2,000 CEOs and Presidents have their own businesses with a lot of different opinions and perspectives. So I would just caution to make any generalizations about the market. The other thing that I would say is, the business is a very decentralized, federated type of model, all the action happens at the restaurant level. And at the restaurant level, the U.S. interaction between the company and franchisees remains strong. And I think the evidence of that is just the operating performance that you're seeing out of our restaurants in the U.S. As we're putting up, pretty strong comps, which if you look at it on a two year stack basis, it was I think a 10.1 in Q4, on a two year stack. So the business is performing, I think at a very high level, we're seeing service times improve, but there is absolutely noise. And there absolutely is -- or some disagreements that happen right now between the national operator leadership and our U.S. team. I dealt with those when I was in the U.S., they flare up from time-to-time. We're certainly in one of those moments now. But I'm confident that Joe Erlinger and the U.S. team along with [Mark Salibre] [ph], who leads the operator group at the national level, we always find our way to work through these and I fully expect that that will be the case in the U.S.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure, well, I'll go through kind of the MCD framework, I think we've got to have great marketing, the great marketing has to come to life on chicken and the loyalty launch that's where all three of those come together. And our expectation is that that chicken and loyalty, not just for 2021, but frankly, for a longer term perspective, those are probably two of the most important things we need to get done in a high quality manner in 2021, both for that year's performance or for this year's performance, but also setting us up for the longer term.
Chris Kempczinski: I will start with the IOM margins. So, Jon, to your point, what I talked about is, yes, annually, I don't expect yet in 2021, that the IOM segment would get back to the kind of 20% margins that we've all been used to pre pandemic. Again, there's nothing structural that prevents that from happening, longer term. But we know for at least in the first quarter, certainly, margins are certainly depressed a little bit still because of the sales and the restrictions going on. So we do think as the year progresses, margins will improve over where they were in 2020, but likely not get back for the full year to that 20% kind of level that we were used to prior to the pandemic.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. Well, thanks, Chris. And it is a competitive market in the U.S. probably one of the most competitive markets, if not the most competitive market in the world. Back in November, when we had our Investor Day, part of the M within MCD was that we needed to make sure we had a strong focus on affordability. And you're seeing just as we've entered into 2021, you've seen some of the value deals that are out there from our competitors. We've also had some programs that that I think have performed well for us. And that's going to be a trend that continues all through 2021. Our expectation is that you're absolutely going to need to remain competitive on value. I think we've been able to back to the momentum point. We've been able to put ourselves through the investments we've made in modernizing our state, upgrading our brand attributes, I think we're in a better position than we were maybe four or five years ago in terms of just the consumer demand for our brands. So I think that for us, gives me confidence that you know, this isn't going to be something that gets that we're going to have to chase down the rabbit hole, so to speak. On your question about breakfast, our breakfast business is performing well. In Q4, our breakfast business grew. We saw strong performance out of the bakery line. So our expectation is, going forward that breakfast the day part, we've been pleased with how we weathered through 2020 on that, even with the introduction of one of our competitors, didn't have a significant impact on our breakfast business. And as we looked to 2021, our expectation were set up that breakfast for us should be a good performing day part as people get back to hopefully returning to work and kind of a more regular routine, which certainly benefits traffic in the morning.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure, well, we did to have it in test market and we were encouraged. That's why we're rolling it out. I think our focus in test was much more on the operation side than having it be sort of an advertised type of test. So for us, it was about just getting the operation work through and confident for us and being able to deliver it in a high quality way. We feel good about that. I know Morgan Flatley in the U.S. marketing team feel good about the campaign that we have, so and franchisees are excited about it. So we are optimistic as we head into February, despite it was referenced earlier, a lot of activity in this space, but we think we're prepared well to generate demand from consumers on this one and then deliver on that as consumers come into our restaurant.
Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, Jeff. I think the discussion about the minimum wage, and what that means in terms of cost of labor. And while it's picked up with the change in the administration, at the federal level, I would say that it's been going on at the state level for the last several years, and you've seen a number of states, I forget, if it's 24, 25 states have passed some degree of minimum wage legislation. Florida was the most recent one in this past election, where I think they've introduced a $15 an hour a glide path to a $15 an hour. So we've -- as this has been rolling into the states, we have seen and developed quite a bit of experience with how this works out. And the positive for us has been, so long as it's done in a staged way and so long as it is done equitably across the entire market without sort of any carve outs or special exemptions for people, then we do just fine. And we're able to balance between judicious pricing on the menu, as well as just thinking about productivity savings that we can manage through this. I will give you another example that gives us confidence there was a significant increase in the minimum wage that was passed in Canada a couple years back. And that team working with the franchisees did a spectacular job of working that through -- onto the menu through pricing, through productivity. So I think, our view is the minimum wage is most likely going to be increasing whether that's federally or at the state level as I referenced, and so long as it's done, like I said, in a staged way and in a way that is equitable for everybody. McDonald will do just fine through that.
Kevin Ozan: The only thing I'd add, John is, as Chris mentioned, obviously, we're seeing both digital and delivery, growing significantly in those IOM markets in the U.K., for example, over 20% of their sales in Q4 were delivery sales. So we are seeing some significant growth both in delivery and digital. The other thing I would point out is this is nothing structural, this is a temporary issue. And the reason I think we're confident in saying that is, if we look back at even as recently as October, we were relatively flat in IOM in October. But as the new restrictions come back, that's when we see kind of comps going down again. So as soon as the markets start opening up again and easing restrictions, I think we're pretty confident customers come back pretty quickly and we’ll be set up well.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, Thanks, David. I’ll take a shot at it and Chris can certainly chime in. As you mentioned, certainly our percentage of restaurants with drive-thru in the international operated markets is a little bit less than what we have in the U.S. In Australia and Canada, it's more around 80%, 90%, but in France, Germany, U.K., it's roughly two-thirds of their restaurants or so that have drive-thrus. So the percent of sales that run through the drive-thru is pre-COVID in those international operated markets was less. We're certainly seeing during the pandemic, a higher percentage of sales run through the drive-thru, as well as elevated digital and delivery sales. But I think, to your point, I think we believe we're well set up post pandemic, because while the percentage of drive-thrus is less than the U.S., it's substantially higher than just about any competitor in most of those markets. And so, the fact that we're well set up with drive-thrus will continue to open up more drive-thrus. To your point, there are some city center tourist travel locations, right now that are kind of getting hit harder than certainly most of our U.S. restaurants because of the pandemic. But there's nothing structural in the business that gives us concern that once the market start opening up, post pandemic, we feel like we should be in good shape to be able to pick up market share. There are still a substantial number of restaurants in many of those markets that are closed, the unknown -- not McDonald's restaurants, I'm just saying in the industry. The unknown certainly is how many of those are temporary versus what's permanent. But we think we're pretty well set up to be able to continue gaining market share, which we have done both in 2019 and in 2020, during the pandemic in those IOM markets to keep gaining market share.
Kevin Ozan: And then on the marketing question, I'll start maybe just with the math, which is, as you know, we do fund marketing as a percent of revenue. And so certainly as the business recovers, and grows, we think at a pretty nice clip in 2021, that there will be a benefit from an investment size that we can go do in marketing, but it's not going to be to the level of $200 million. I think the bigger thing that I think about and the bigger benefit is this is a momentum business. And when you have momentum in the business, everything seems to work better including on your marketing side. So our expectation part of why we put the 200 million in 2020, was to make sure that we could generate some strong momentum coming out of this. And when you've got that momentum, you get an outsized effect from what would be even a normalized marketing level. So that's the bet that we're making and why we're confident on the back half of the year.
Kevin Ozan: I think it was just the concept of balancing value premium and LTOs, which it is a constant focus for us and we need to balance all of those three LTOs value in premium. I think you'll see that continuing both in the U.S. and outside the U.S., because that is our normal. We've got to make sure that we have offerings for all consumers depending on what they kind of the change they've got in their pocket at any given time. The one thing I guess I would just say on that, if you go to the C&R framework, the core menu is the primary growth driver for us in 2021. And we think for the next several years. So, while there will be some LTO activity, I think all markets, U.S. and our IOM markets in particular, have raised the bar in terms of what an LTO has to do to earn its way onto the menu. So I think you might see, versus maybe what we had pre pandemic levels a little bit more moderate pace of LTOs because of this focus on core menu.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, I'll take a shot. And then again, Chris can always add-in. John, as you know and you mentioned, obviously each country is a little different, both in terms of demographic, consumer demographics, as well as competitive environment. I think -- so things like high streets in the U.K., I think right now is a challenge certainly much broader than our business. But there's a question of when and even if the high street in the U.K. completely returns to kind of pre pandemic levels. I think, in general, as I mentioned, right now, there's, there's a lot of outlets closed in many of the markets. The unknown is how many of those are temporary versus permanent. I do think certainly, in many of those countries, where someone has one, maybe two outlets, that's a bigger challenge. And I don't think we'd be surprised to see several of those outlets permanently closed. We're seeing that in several of the countries right now, where it looks like many of those outlets will not be returning. So that I think overall supply in general will shrink a little bit, which certainly is an opportunity for us to continue gaining market share. That's our expectation. That's what we're going after. And I think we believe that we're well positioned to gain a lot of that share.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, I can give a shot to that, Lauren. So yes, we've continued both in 2019, as you mentioned, but as well in 2020. Overall we reduced drive-thru times by roughly 30 seconds over the past two years in our major markets. And I think that's a combination of a few things. One is menu simplification and the more limited menu that that you indicate, but also just a big focus on operations around the world, which includes some non-sexy stuff like staffing and positioning of our crew, some certain technology that we put in the restaurants to help the crew monitor the times. And so there's just some basic kind of operating the restaurants efficiently that goes along with the right menu and menu boards. And so, there continues to be a big focus on drive-thru operations, especially because we've seen drive-thru, continue to be a bigger percentage of our business. So there's still opportunity to continue reducing those service times. So I wouldn't say that we are now at kind of the top level of what we can achieve. There's still a big focus around the company on continuing to improve those service times.
Kevin Ozan: thanks, Greg. Certainly in the U.S., we've seen the last couple of quarters that store level margins are up. I think that's a combination of a few things. We've talked about higher average check, being larger group size orders, et cetera. Again, I think as Chris mentioned, some of that will stick maybe not to the level that we are today. So I think we do see some of the U.S. margins probably moderating over the next year. Conversely, in the IOM, I think they've been hit harder at store level margins because they haven't had the sales levels that we need in order to maintain high margins. So I think IOM over time will get back to where they were pre pandemic, U.S. is probably a little bit higher in the last couple of quarters than we should expect ongoing for 2021 at least.
