Mary Kay Shaw: Thank you. Hello everyone and thanks for joining us. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer Jim Skinner; Chief Financial Officer Pete Bensen; and for Q&A, Chief Operating Officer, Don Thompson will be joining us via phone from Mexico where we are celebrating our 25th anniversary. Today's conference call is being webcast live and recorded for replay via phone, webcast and podcast. Before I turn it over to Jim, I want to remind everyone that, as always, the forward-looking statements in our earnings release and 8-K filing also apply to our comments. Those documents are available on investor.mcdonalds.com as are reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures mentioned on today's call with their corresponding GAAP measures. And now, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Mary Kay Shaw: Thanks, Pete. I'll now open the call for analysts and investor questions. [Operator Instructions] First question is from David Palmer at UBS.
Mary Kay Shaw: Okay. I think we're out of time now and out of questions. So I'll go ahead and turn it over to Jim for a few closing remarks.
Peter Bensen: Sure. What we know is as we look at and we've dealt with it in our European business over the years, as VAT increases start to come along, we have to be very smart about how we handle that through the menu board. We know the wrong answer is to immediately increase prices the full amount of that VAT increase. So we look at doing it in smaller pieces. Sometimes, we try to get a little bit ahead of the VAT increase, do it in small chunks. But really, if you look across the whole continent as you indicate, the economies are in various forms of recovery. So we really look at the individual markets, what's the consumer's appetite to pay a little more? What is going on with inflation? So as you point out, as we look at least preliminarily into Europe next year, we think commodity costs will be up about 3%. That is not an unreasonable number for us to manage through. And if inflation is a sign that the economies are picking up a little bit and the consumer will be able to pay a little more, then we certainly ought to be able to handle that through the menu board. But as we sit here today, we're just not exactly sure in which markets and when that will be. But to our business model in total, that type of increase in commodities is not insurmountable.
Peter Bensen: I don't have a global commodity number, but in the U.S., we think the number is closer to a 2% increase. And again, that's a very manageable number for us and nothing that we're terribly concerned about. So all in all, from an input cost side, we feel pretty good about heading into 2011. Labor, virtually all markets around the world are seeing increases in labor, but nothing that is again out of the ordinary or something that's so extreme that we'd have to do something dramatic in our pricing or suffer some dramatic hit to margins. So both commodities and labor, while going up, are in line with kind of what I'd -- go back to kind of some more normal trends for our business. And historically, we've said in the U.S., we need a 2% to 3% comp in normal times and Europe probably a 3% plus comp in normal times to grow margins. And so I consider this more normal times from the input cost side. The question will be exactly at what point will we be able to take some of that pricing? But our early look at some of the 2011 plans, markets are anticipating they'll be able to take some pricing next year. From an efficiency standpoint to offset some of that, we're constantly looking at operations within the restaurants. And one of the big enhancements we're in the process of rolling out through the U.S. is our new POS system which makes it easier for the crew to take the orders, easier to get the order right, they can do it faster. And basically what that means is increased throughput especially during our peak hours which makes us more efficient per labor hour.
Peter Bensen: Yes, John. I'll give you a perspective and certainly if Don or Jim want to jump in, they can do that. I think we started out with an aggressive goal this year. We felt we'd do 400 to 500 starting out and it looks like we'll probably end up doing 200 by the end of the year, maybe 225. And really, as I said in my comments, as we started the initial wave of this, we wanted to make sure that as we really have one chance to get this right. And while we realize there's an opportunity to strike right now because we have the financial strength and the momentum, that's still not a reason just to go quickly if you don't have everything exactly nailed down. So we're making sure we've got the design's right, that we've got the quality of the materials right, that we've got the pricing right and, like I said, it's because we really have one chance to do this right and we're going to do it. I would see that 200 number this year probably go up to 600 in 2011 based on the plans. So there is momentum and something that we're very encouraged about the operator participation in. When we talked about the sales lift, the 6% to 7% was our initial estimate. And that lift, just to remind you, is incremental to what's happening in the marketplace and that we know over time that, that sales halo continues in that restaurant. We don't have a five-year track record of these things in the U.S. to tell you over five years what's going to happen. But our instincts tell us that those sales will continue to be positive primarily because of the opportunity it gives us to introduce new menu items, introduce new customers back to that restaurant, et cetera. So we're very bullish on the opportunity it provides not only in year one, but sustaining.
Peter Bensen: Jason, it's Pete. As we have said before, you touched on it. One of the things we look at is what's going on with the food away from home index, and that's actually up a little bit on a trailing 12-month basis ended September. But also during the last economic downturn, if you will, we started to look also at food at home, what's going on at the grocery stores. Because as Don likes to say, the refrigerator is starting to become a big competitor of ours. And so food at home is still flat to down slightly as we look at the period. So we will be keeping an eye on what's going on both at the grocery stores and in the competitive market as we look at our pricing. But obviously, the momentum that we have, some of these premium beverages, while they don't necessarily qualify as a price increase, but introducing these premium beverages with high margins is definitely helping an accretive to cash flow as maybe we aren't able to take price on some other items. But we'll definitely be actively looking at the opportunities. And again, with some optimism, the economy is going to start to get a little bit stronger next year and we'll get some price increase.
Peter Bensen: All right. Joe, the 2% increase in the fourth quarter in the U.S., we have a pretty fair amount of visibility in. So a fair amount of that is contracted, locked in. And so that number feels pretty solid to me. And even heading into 2011, I'm not going to give specific percentages, but we're probably more contracted at this point in time versus any other year previous. So while it's still early, our 2011 estimate feels pretty good too. The quarterly margins, the third quarter margins are actually kind of just off of their all-time highs for both Europe and the U.S. But as I think about 2011 more broadly and think about some of the comments I made earlier, in an environment with about 2% inflation and normal wage increases, in that environment, really a 2% to 3% comp is what we need to grow the annual margin. And so with the momentum that we have and the outlook of being able to take some price, to keep driving the guest counts with these beverages and the breakfast value, et cetera, we feel pretty confident that's doable.
Peter Bensen: And Joe, you asked a question about last year's comp in China. Last year, the quarterly comp was our easiest comparison. It was a negative 10.7, but still this year's number and the momentum going on there, we're extremely proud of the team in China and what's going on there.
Peter Bensen: And we continue to outperform the industry. So our gap with the industry continues to be significant. And we're proud of that. And regarding the breakfast question, we haven't seen any impact from the Burger King rollout.
Peter Bensen: And specifically about which markets are going to be hit harder with the austerity, et cetera, Jeff, I guess as we look at the continent I would just look at the last couple of years performance. That's what gives us the confidence. We know that while we prefer a more robust environment to operate in that if times get a little tougher, that we've got the ability to continue to attract customers and to continue to perform well. Regarding additional leverage, our debt balances are up this year a little bit compared to last year and that's consistent with our plan that every year as the business performs well and grows bigger that we have an opportunity to add some incremental leverage to the balance sheet to return cash to shareholders. But we're not planning to do any significant leverage event.
Peter Bensen: Mitch, in Europe our drive-thru percentage is about a little over 60%. And that's probably about the same in those big markets. So that's not the percentage of sales through the drive-thru. That's the percentage of restaurants that have drive-thru. And the percentage of sales in those restaurants is closer to 45%. And so when you think about the U.S. being 67% drive-thru, that's a huge opportunity for us to increase that. And that's why Jim had referenced it, it's a focus area for Europe. They know there's opportunities not only to add more drive-thrus to satisfy that demand, but also to improve those drive-thru operations to attract more customers. Historically, as Jim mentioned, these VAT tax increases are probably going to be more incremental than they are substantial. And in the past, you've had VAT increases that have tended to be more substantial and so you had to take a longer period to get those bled into the menu board, if you will. And so again I'm not sure there's a historical comparison for us to make, especially considering the economic environment and all else that's going on. But again, I get back to the confidence we have in our ability to manage through this with our business model and new products. The beverages certainly will help. I don't know that they'll have -- at least as of now as you look into 2011, they probably won't be as impactful in Europe as they are in the U.S. But certainly over time, all of the markets have beverages in their plans and on their plates to take a look at.
Peter Bensen: And regarding the conservative position of our balance sheet, John, that's kind of our profile. Our strong credit rating is important to us. It's important to us as a company, but also to the system. So even though we don't guarantee or do anything like that with our loans for suppliers and owner/operators, the strong credit rating of the corporation provides a halo for them and they're able to borrow at rates inside that of our competitors. And so that's important to us. And we're going to return at least $5 billion to shareholders this year. And we plan to grow free cash flow and return all that next year to shareholders and incrementally increase the debt. So we think that's a very successful model for us and one we're very comfortable both from the way we operate the business, the way the system is financed and the value we're providing to shareholders.
Peter Bensen: And in terms of pricing, Sara, in China I would characterize any price increase we've had over the last 12 months as modest. We said the APMEA averaged around 1% and China was probably in line with that. In other emerging markets, I mean, Russia is probably the one where we've had the greatest input inflation and the highest amount of price increase.
Jim Skinner: And David, our business model, this is Jim, will endure there in the European marketplace particularly when you look at these VAT increases. They're not robust increases. They're incremental increases. And the population there wouldn't be able to absorb enormous increases. And so I think as we operate throughout the year, as Pete indicated, we'll be able to mitigate the impact of those increases in our business model. We'll be able to perform well in that environment.
Jim Skinner: Andy, this is Jim. I don't know that we could point to a sea change in Europe in specific. I think we've seen a sea change and the relevance for our consumers across the globe. And so Europe, of course, is pursuing the same Plan to Win that we're pursuing in Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa, the United States. We're very aligned around the consumer relevance issues and what we're doing around reimaging menu and all of the every day affordability access and improvement in the drive-thru which is a big one for Europe because they are adding more and more drive-thrus now. And as you heard from my comments, the improvement on customer satisfaction particularly in the drive-thru accuracy and speed of service in markets outside the United States, and including the United States, is paying dividends. But I don't think that there's anything there in the brand that would differentiate Europe relative to a sea change that changes the visit mix or the opportunity for our customers to visit McDonald's. If that's what you're asking. And maybe I didn't understand the question, but I think that's...
Jim Skinner: I think Joe, we get this question often, obviously we get it externally and internally, and our answer is always the same. We focus on the top line growth and ensuring the traffic into our restaurants, and the rest has to take care of itself. It doesn't mean that we're not smart about how we price on the menu and how we introduce new products. But we play it as wise, if you will, relative to the commodity costs other than what we are able to hedge, as Pete mentioned. And so the concern that I have with the segments around the world and the planning process is what are we doing about continuing to drive top line and preserving the increases in traffic into our restaurants. When we take care of that, as Pete mentioned certainly at the 2% to 3% level, all else falls into line.
Jim Skinner: Hey, Larry. This is Jim. First of all, relative to the overall segment and the improvement, we continue to look at the same things. As Pete mentioned, the consumer spending, the consumer confidence went down in September, unemployment still at 9.6% and the recovery, we think, is going to be elongated in America. And so if you look over the next 12 months, I think people are still talking about maybe getting to 8.5% or 9% unemployment when we know that normalized unemployment rates in a robust economy are 4% or 5% at the most. And so we've got a long way to go there relative to consumer confidence and that confidence of people being able to put food on the table at home or away from home. And I think jobs have a lot to do with it. So the improvement in the overall segment in September, I don't think is necessarily an earmark or a bellwether of things to come relative to the overall recovery except to say that we're certainly pleased with our performance and the fact that the rest of the industry is starting to come around is good for them. But I think in an overall indicator, that's probably not something that we would look at to say, "We'll, we are in the middle of a recovery."
Jim Skinner: I'll let Pete respond to most of that, but let me just respond to the big ballyhoo over August in Europe. Europe had a little bit of a glitch in August mostly around France. Everybody got all concerned. That's because France did not run the promotion that many of the other markets ran in August which was the Coca-Cola glass promotion. And they did not perform as well as the other markets. And yet it was not a trend. It was a one-month occurrence. And we're still optimistic and they're back on track and things are moving along well there.
Jim Skinner: The other thing that I would say is if you look at Europe, the populations are very supported by social programs. And so when you talk about austerity in these countries, it's much about the benefits. If you look at France now, they're talking about raising the retirement age to 62 years old. Everybody's in a big flap. But what does that do to discretionary income for customers who could visit McDonald's? It's de minimis. And so the impact around a number of these austerity programs will not have a severe impact on discretionary spending of our consumers because they are supported at very high level already relative to social services and the other support they get from the government. So we've been able to absorb that over the years and, as Pete said, we will be able to do this as well during the coming months.
Jim Skinner: I think it could possibly change the mix over time. That is not why we have pursued those strategies. We pursued those strategies because we want to offer our customers those opportunities for convenience, and they're relevant to their lifestyles today. And I think when I look at the population and their lifestyles today, I couldn't make an argument, I think, for a change in their behavior is relative to the use of the drive-thru. The convenience of how people are on the move all the time now, I don't know that we would see a substantial change there. Having said that though, it doesn't mean that we won't pursue other menu opportunities over time to enhance the opportunity for people to come into the restaurant as compared to going through the drive-thru.
Jim Skinner: This is Jim. I'll talk about the health care, while these guys figure out what to tell you about the pricing in China. First of all, the Act was signed into law in March of 2010 and now they're going through a lot of sorting out of the details relative to the full implication which doesn't happen until 2014. And so the Administration continues to work very hard with companies like McDonald's to sort this out to make sure that we are implementing this the appropriate way so that most people that have access to health care are going to be covered appropriately. The flap that I'm sure you're referring to had to do with the limited benefit plans, the mini meds as they were called, that covers some 30,000 people in McDonald's, but 1.4 million people across America, which is interesting to know. And there was a headline saying that we were going to drop coverage. Well, we were never ever going to drop coverage. We're always going to provide coverage. But the regulations around the insurance companies and their obligations to cover these mini med plans was in jeopardy without a waiver. Well, now we think that Health and Human Services is going to be very good about giving waivers to companies that are going to be able to continue to cover these very important people on these smaller plans. Other than that, there's not a lot more to say about health care. Certainly there's a lot of pushback on the one side of the aisle relative to the Republicans and the midterm elections and everything going on here. But for us, the diligent work around proper implementation of this plan, both with our franchisees, through the Administration and were working closely with them to make sure we get it right, is where we're spending our time. And that's really all we have to say at the moment, and it's a work in progress.
Jim Skinner: Thank you, Mary Kay. Thanks for joining us this morning. In closing, I want to reiterate that McDonald's global business is strong, the system alignment behind our Plan to Win and its focus on the customer. We will continue to deliver results. We will further strengthen our leadership position through collective efforts around our menu, restaurants and the entire brand experience. In working together, I'm confident that we'll continue to drive long-term growth and become our customers' favorite place and way to eat and drink. Thank you, all. Have a great day.
Donald Thompson: Yes, Jim. A couple things. One is frappes and smoothies are performing very well. Again as we mentioned, they're exceeding expectations that we had. You asked about the seasonality. The products do have some seasonality to them. Having said that though, that has all been kind of baked into our model as we look at the overall sales contribution. It's important to note that everyone kind of grabs hold to frappes and smoothies, keeping in mind breakfast is a strong contributor in the U.S. We still have a tremendous amount of sales coming in from Angus. Angus is still performing well. Jim talked about the Angus Snack Wraps. There will be additional media and a continuous weight of media relative to frappes and smoothies in the U.S. But also even broader, we still have an opportunity relative to the broader McCafe coffee. So I know the U.S. team is going to be marketing those products as well. So there's quite a few things that will be coming up. Jim talked about the McRib, which is something we haven't done nationally. We've done in the spot markets but nationally. So ongoing strength-wise relative to the U.S., the U.S. plan is solid and we're looking forward to also a very strong 2011.
Donald Thompson: John,I think it's really important to note, and Pete mentioned this, in the U.S. one of the things we've been able to benefit from is the fact we've seen France and Australia move forward. In particular, Australia move forward even more aggressively relative to reimaging. So we've been able to take some of those ideas and the things that did work very well from those markets and really employ them in the U.S. designs as we move forward. Another point is that the U.S. designs are both internal and external at the same time. And so we're not just doing the internals of the restaurant. Some of those have been done a while ago. We're refreshing those. But this is the full reimage process that we're going through. So we wanted to make sure we got it right. We consciously slowed down and went back and revisited the design. Some of them we didn't think actually were aggressive enough in designs, and the franchisees have been a major, major part of how we've looked at that. When we've looked at the results in Australia and in Europe, across Europe, the second and the third years have been very positive as we continue to move forward largely because of the reasons that Pete mentioned around menu as well as the awareness from customers. And the last point is, we know that as we get more and more of these done in the marketplace, there is a broader synergy that takes place from a consumer awareness perspective and that allows us to be able to reap the benefits of that in even stronger sales. So we feel real confident about where we are in the U.S. and I know that as we move into next year, the franchisees are ready to be more aggressive as well as our teams are ready to be more aggressive as we move forward. We've got the right designs now. So we feel pretty good about it.
Donald Thompson: Hey Matt, this is Don. And a couple of things on that. One is the other areas of the world. Clearly Europe has looked at some of the other premium beverages, is particularly looking at frappes and smoothies. They've done one offering of those type beverages, but they're looking at the U.S. execution. APMEA is looking at the same thing. From a margin perspective, keep in mind that as we implement some of the higher margin products, we're also looking at our tiered value offerings. So we're also looking at what we do in terms of breakfast offerings to stimulate that daypart which is a huge opportunity for us across the big four in Europe. We're looking at the same things relative to the regular value menu. They brought back in Europe the Double Cheeseburger in France. And the question is relative to what happens economically. To Jim's point earlier, our model allows us to be able to flex the pricing in and out of that relative to what the economy will yield and what the discretionary spending will look like. So keep in mind, it's not just about the implementation of beverages. That's one part. But it's also what we do with the rest of that menu. What beverages and higher margin products allow us to do is to be able to afford to execute our value platforms so that we can continue to gain market share and grow guest counts. That's really the biggest goal that we have in economic downturns, protect and grow the guest counts which then yield us higher levels of profitability.
Donald Thompson: And Pete, for Joe too, and for everyone else on the call. One thing that's really impressive about China now is they're being able to benefit from not only the historical regular menu, but also breakfast now is becoming a stronger and stronger daypart for China, the Value Lunch program that they have in place. They did some very aggressive things with summer drinks this year. Jim mentioned drive-thru expansions earlier. We're confident in the development plan. So China is -- has a very good strategic plan both now and again as we move into 2011. So it's not just about whether or not you comped on a weaker number last year. The way that we're comping now and the opportunity for continued growth is pretty strong.
Donald Thompson: Jeff, can I just add something to -- Jeff, you mentioned lower end in the U.S. Just as a point of clarity, smoothies, frappes, Angus, salads, those aren't lower end. And we have had a good mix across the menu board and it's really important to note that value still only represents 10% to 11% if you look at the regular menu value offerings and platform. The coffee beverages, McCafé beverages, are definitely not lower end, and consumers tell us that they prefer the beverages. And there's a tremendous amount of those beverages sold during the morning daypart as well as across the afternoon. All dayparts are up in the U.S. business. So just a point of clarity. I think that when you look at the U.S. business, it may appear that it's value-driven. But value helps, but we've got good mix across the board just as we have in Europe.
Donald Thompson: I can take the first one. New POS benefit, and we call the system new POS. What we're seeing John is first to benefit in terms of the ordering ease for the crew in the restaurants, which does give us some benefit in order-taking time. So we do see some benefit there, which as you know, seconds mean additional capacity. And so we're happy about that one. The broader benefits of the new technology system is that it opens up additional applications such as handheld order-taking within the restaurant and as well outside the restaurant. It also opens up additional visibility relative to how we can get the orders back into the kitchen. And again, increase the speed at which we have the food prepared. So we do see those operational benefits relative to the new technology system and also some additional platforms that we could benefit from.
Donald Thompson: Josh, the gap relative to competition has continued. And I think you're primarily talking about the U.S. It's just where we normally talk about the gap. However, I will say that we're going market share in all the major markets around the world. So we're continuing to grow share even in cases where some of our competitors may be growing a few more units. So that part of the business is strong. In the U.S., that gap again does maintain and we're continuing to gap the competition. And I'd also offer, our numbers last year were still positive numbers. And so we're gapping the competition at a time when their comp numbers are in some cases going up against much softer comps than we had. So again, business is pretty strong in the U.S. right now.
Donald Thompson: Coffee percentages in the U.S., as you all know, several years ago we were at about, I think in 2004, we were at about 2% coffee. Total coffee's grown to over 6%. So a lot of -- and that really includes the whole McCafé line up. So really positive growth there. Jim mentioned U.K. In the U.K., we sell now the most coffee of any other purveyors that are there. We see opportunities in many of our other markets whether that be in Europe, across the other markets like France. Germany, we have 600 McCafé's that are there. So we're continuing to grow our coffee business there. So we do see coffee as a point of leverage and growth for us as we move forward.
