Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, Ian. As we continue to operate in a challenging macro environment, what remains unwavering is our commitment to creating an environment where the entire McDonald's system thrives together. Through our Accelerating the Arches strategy, we've acquired an industry-leading digital loyalty base that complements our restaurant footprint. We're retaining top talent who are passionate about the McDonald's brand. Our restaurant teams are executing at a high level, customer satisfaction is increasing and we continue to attract, the best franchisees in the world as a franchisor of choice. Despite ongoing legislative and regulatory headwinds, we are committed to mobilizing our system to protect franchisee decision-making at a local level and on building a long-term presence in civic spaces to advocate for policies that benefit local restaurant owners and the communities they serve. We're also fulfilling our purpose of feeding and fostering community. In September, we hosted our second global volunteer month where over 6,400 volunteers across 12 markets spent an estimated 26,000 hours giving back to local communities. And at the beginning of October, McDonald's was named to Fast Company's list of brands that matter for a company whose work is moving the needle on critical issues and that display the highest level of commitment to their purpose and values. While our strategy is working, our customers continue to expect even more of us, and we're prepared to meet that challenge. What Ray Kroc said in 1967 still stands true today. We are living in a rapidly changing world, so McDonald's will change with it. Change is our only constant. As was the case for those who came before us who built McDonald's into the global leader it is today, we will earn our success, and together as a system, we will lay the foundation for our future. And on Wednesday, December 6, I hope you'll join us to hear more at our investor update as we look to the growth potential that lies ahead and share our plans for the future. It makes me excited to think about what the next 5 to 10 years will bring for McDonald's. We believe that because we're operating from a position of strength with a strategy that continues to deliver, we now have the opportunity, the ability and the obligation to reimagine our brand for the future. I look forward to seeing you in Chicago this December, and now I'll hand it over to Mike for Q&A.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. Thanks, John. And on value, I think it's always a focus at McDonald's. I mean we're a business built on value and convenience with great-tasting food. So we're always keen to focus on value. I think certainly given the inflation that the market has experienced, that we've experienced over the last year, really more than the year, we've tried to be very choiceful and disciplined on how we have executed those price increases. And the good news is we continue to lead on affordability. We continue to lead on value for money. We've seen no deterioration in our advantages there. We are holding those up. How we do it varies by market. So I wouldn't give you a generalized statement about how we approach value. It's up to each individual market to think about how they continue to deliver the customer great value. But I can tell you, on every single major market that we look at, the teams are doing a great job on value. They're delivering against it. And we're seeing really no change at all in terms of customer acceptance pass-through on pricing, which to me is also an indication that the teams are striking the right balance.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. Thanks, David. I'll start at a high level and then hand it over to Ian to give you any more texture on that. But at a high level, we continue to be very pleased with how our IOM business is performing. We're seeing, whether you look on the quarter, the year or a four year stack, this business is continuing to perform very well overall. We're also seeing that there's great execution. We're seeing customer satisfaction scores increasing in almost all of our major IOM markets. So overall, we feel good. In Europe and, in particular, we've certainly seen more inflation in Europe. And so the team there has had to be probably even more laser-focused on making sure that we deliver great value. But the business overall, not seeing any big change quarter-to-quarter in terms of how it's performing, but I'll give it over to Ian to give you some more texture.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jeff, and I'll answer, and then if Ian has anything else he wants to pick up on this. But specific to the U.S., we've been talking about how the consumer is more discriminating, because of all the price pressures that they're facing as well as interest rates, things like that. What you end up seeing, is that the pressure is felt more on the lower-income consumer. And so, one of the things that we saw industry-wide is that, that low-income consumer, which we would say is $45,000 and under, was negative from an industry standpoint. If you zoom out and you think about our performance relative to that, we continue to have, on the full year basis, traffic growth. We had a slight dip in traffic. We went slightly negative in Q3. We expected that because of what we were lapping. But if you look at us on a two-year stack in the quarter, our traffic is up strongly. So, I think we're just going to need to continue to keep a close eye on that $45,000 and under consumer, because of the pressure that they're feeling there and make sure that we're offering value, but hopefully, the industry stays disciplined as well on pricing.
Chris Kempczinski: Great. Well, thanks for the question. I guess I'd start with I look forward to seeing you at December 6, this we'll get into a lot more in that about how we see the outlook for next year and some of the specific things that, we've got planned to continue to drive the business. But I would say, broadly, we think our strategy - our Accelerating the Arches strategy still has a lot of runway in it. Each of the growth pillars, the marketing core menu and 4Ds, we think that there's still a lot more that we can do underneath each of those. Again, we'll be more specific about what that is on December 6. And then if you think about more broadly, what's happening right now is this business is starting to amass on the digital side some pretty significant scale. And the scale that we're building on the digital side opens up a lot of opportunities that we think, quite honestly, are going to be difficult for our competitors to match. And so, when you take our physical presence, having more restaurants in the U.S. than anyone else, our digital presence, which is bigger than anybody else in the U.S., along with great execution, which we're seeing with strong consumer satisfaction scores, our service times are down roughly nine seconds in the quarter. They're down slightly less than that, but still down, I think, about seven seconds on the full year, we're in a really strong position in the U.S. to continue the growth that we've got.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes, just one thing, Ian said that triggered as well, I thought, which is being able to drive the business, we need our franchisees to be in a strong position. And franchisee cash flow in the U.S. is up this year. We're up in the quarter. So, I think that just goes to sentiment. It's much more challenging, as you would imagine, to continue to drive the business if the franchisees are not seeing it flow through. And fortunately for us, we're seeing good flow-through for our franchisees despite having to absorb quite a bit of inflation both on the food and paper side as well as on the labor side. So that's another thing that gives us confidence as we head into the New Year.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes, I'll take the overall in terms of the competitive landscape, and I'll let Ian speak specifically to the daypart question. But overall, I think what you're seeing there is everybody is looking to make sure that they are competitive from a value standpoint with the consumer. And particularly, I talked about earlier, that low-income consumer, which I would say is, let's call that in this particular instance $45,000 and under, that part of the business, we're seeing traffic in the quarter was down. There is a step-up that we're seeing in some promotional activity by some of our competitors, but nothing alarming on that. Nothing that I'd say is looking to be, what we would say is beyond prudent. So, we're going to just continue to monitor it. We are focused on maintaining, our value leadership, and we're going to do, what we need to do to maintain our value leadership. But I think, we've also got lots of things that go into value. It goes beyond just price. It incorporates delivering a better customer experience, which we're doing through faster service times, improved hospitality. It goes to doing through that through a modernized estate, which we've got that is not something true across the rest of the industry. And we're seeing great execution, which means consumers are getting hotter, faster, better tasting food. So, all those things go into value perception, which is why we're seeing our value perception, hold up in the industry despite some of these pressures. So, I don't foresee any big changes there, but certainly, everybody is paying attention to that. For the specific date parts, I'll let Ian talk about that a little bit more.
Chris Kempczinski: The other thing that I would just add on the [Macacos] side, but it's also something that we've seen with franchisees is they're experiencing these gains even though roster sizes are growing. And I think part of the benefit that we're seeing is turnover is down. So, we're - even as we're expanding roster sizes in our Macacos restaurants, the team has done a really nice job, and we're seeing turnover levels down pretty significantly from prior year. And all of that has benefits of what - associated with it, of course, you have less training, but you also have improved execution. So, I think that's one thing that we're seeing that also is to extend, out to franchisees, franchisees, roster sizes are up versus last year. Applications are up significantly. So, I do think to this question about is something turning, on the labor side in the U.S. We're definitely seeing a turn there to the positive in terms, of having our restaurants fully staffed and having lower turnover as a result of that.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. I'll cover just the California question, and then Ian can cover the rest of what you laid out, specifically around IOM. But as you mentioned and noted, California, with the passage of the recent legislation, there around what that's going to do to wages, there is going to be a wage impact for our California franchisees. I don't think at this point, we can say exactly how much of that is going to work its way through pricing. Certainly, there's going to be some element of that that does need, to be worked through with higher pricing. There's also going to be things that I know the franchisees and our teams there are going to be looking around productivity. How all of that plays out, there will certainly be a hit in the short-term, to franchisee cash flow in California, up to know exactly what that hit will be because of some of the mitigation efforts. But there will be a hit. Longer term, what we've been talking about with our franchisees is this is an opportunity for us to gain share, because this is an impact that's going to hit all of our competitors. We're in a better position. We believe we're in a better position than our competitors to weather this. And so let's use this as an opportunity to actually accelerate our growth in California and accelerating our growth along with some mitigation. The two of those in combination is the best way to minimize any impact long term on franchisee cash flow. With that, on California, let me have Ian just cover the rest of your questions on IOM.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. And on the NLRB ruling, I mean, as you would expect, we strongly object to the last week's NLRB ruling. We think it's going to undermine small business ownership in the U.S. If you think about it, the franchise business model, it's really a great American innovation. It's created wealth for thousands, particularly underrepresent minorities and women. And this is something we think that needs to be supported, not attacked. And so in our mind, this is yet another example of agency overreach coming out of D.C. And we expect it's going to be contested. It's going to be contested in the courts. It's going to be contested in Congress. In fact, you may have seen already the Senate has, as indicated, they're going to seek to pass the continuing resolution, which is an opposition to this ruling. So McDonald's certainly opposes it. We're going to support others who oppose it. How it all plays out in time, I think it's tough to say, but this is something that's going to affect everybody. And as we've shown throughout time, so long as there's a level playing field and McDonald's is on the same level as everybody else, we tend to win. And so even if this NLRB ruling were to pass, it's going to affect the industry at large, and we think we're better positioned than anybody else to withstand it.
Chris Kempczinski: So you're right, we will talk a little bit more about this actually a lot more about this when we get together on December 6. We're continuing to follow and assess the test that we have down in Texas. I think you can say that certainly there is going to be an opportunity for us to have restaurants that are smaller footprint that don't have a dining room. You will see some of those. But I think from a development standpoint, the vast majority of the development opportunity that we see is for our traditional restaurants. We think that there's still quite a bit of opportunity for traditional restaurants. That will be the bulk of it. You might see, again, something around the edges, which is some of the smaller formats, but the big idea is traditional restaurants that we'll talk more about on December 6.
Ian Borden: David, yes, just maybe a couple of builds to what Chris mentioned. I mean, again, I think if you look at the comps for the quarter across IOM at 8.3%, that's a pretty strong indication of the consistency and fundamental underlying momentum that we've got in the segment. We had positive traffic growth in the segment, which I think is an indication of how that momentum is, obviously, from a sales and traffic perspective. And we're continuing to grow market share across the majority of those large markets, which tells us despite, as Chris talked to some of the different macro or consumer environments in those markets, which are obviously varied, obviously, some of those markets, there's a fair bit of pressure. From a macro headwind or consumer headwind, we're continuing to do well versus the landscapes around us. I mean I think we have spoken, and you heard it in our opening remarks, around the expectation that we're going to continue to see moderation in that top line as inflation levels continue to come down and, obviously, pricing comes down in line with that. But I think we're in a really good spot, and I think that just speaks to how our strategic plan around Accelerating the Arches continues to resonate with consumers consistently across the business.
Ian Borden: Good morning, David. Ian, obviously. So let me try and give you some color there. I mean I think as we said in our guidance at the beginning of the year, we expected G&A as a percentage of sales to be in the range of 2.2 to 2.3. And obviously, we've updated that to say more about 2.2. So it's come down marginally. I think obviously, we've had some really strong top line results this year. So obviously, that's a partial element of the benefits. And I think the other part is just timing of spend. I mean we are kind of a back half weighted spend cycle within the business. I think fourth quarter, more pronounced from a quarterly standpoint. So we do expect to hire level of spending as we get into the fourth quarter. But I think just there's a timing element of just kind of how the investments that we're making, I talked about kind of two areas on our last quarterly call where we continue to invest. One is behind technology and digital, which we believe are - continue to provide strong opportunities for growth, and we're going to continue to invest when we have those opportunities. I think we've got a pretty strong track record in how those investments are delivering for the business. The other area is around our global business service organization, which we stood up earlier this year as part of Accelerating the Organization. We spent a lot of time over the last six months or so looking at what we believe the opportunities are for the business there. And I think we've got good line of sight into some things that we think can drive kind of sustainable efficiencies from an operational perspective as we go forward. And we're certainly investing now behind some of those areas of opportunities. So what I would call it a little bit more of kind of the timing of spend around those initiatives and more of a focus in the first half of the year on kind of bringing our ATO organizational changes to life.
Ian Borden: Maybe just - I'll just add a bit of a build to Chris' commentary, which certainly hit the headlines, but just maybe, because I think the texture is really important in the quarter. I mean I think the headline would be on an overall basis that we maintained our QSR traffic market share in the quarter. I think we continue to see really strong share gains in both beef and chicken being the kind of two key elements of the category. We continue to gain share with both the middle- and higher-income consumers, and that speaks a little bit, Jeff, to what you called out, which is that we're certainly partly benefiting from the trade down from more expensive alternatives within those kind of income or segment levels. We held share with the lower-income consumer in a pretty competitive marketplace. But I think the headline, is that the comparable, as Chris talked about, industry traffic was down in the quarter as it has been for the last couple of quarters. And so, our comparable traffic was marginally down as a result of that. And I think just - I think I just would want to highlight, I think, the strength of our top line performance overall through our comp sales, which remain industry-leading. As you've seen and what we've announced for this quarter. And I think that's a combination of our strategic strengths coming together, which we've been working on over the last couple of years. We've got a fully modernized estate. We've got a digital platform that's coming to life at scale that's allowing us to really interact with our consumers on a much more individual basis. Our marketing execution, which I think has really been elevated and is resonating in a more culturally relevant way with our consumers. And then, we just call out, I think, and this is really specific to the U.S. business, the outstanding execution our whole system is delivering. We know, we're delivering a better experience for customers. We know we're better staffed. And as Chris talked about earlier, we know we've got a leading position on value for money and affordability. And so, I think as a result of all of that, we certainly believe we continue to be in an advantaged position as we continue to kind of lean into these macro headwinds that we're obviously having to navigate.
Ian Borden: Good morning Eric, it's Ian. So let me talk a little bit about pricing. And obviously, this is specific to the U.S., because obviously, pricing varies across markets, depending on the context in the individual marketplace. I think as I talked about last quarter, certainly continue to believe that our average pricing level in the U.S. business for the full year will be just over 10%. I think what we did see in quarter three, and this is the first time now in a number of quarters, is that our average pricing level has started to come down in terms of the rate of increase. I think that speaks to the fact, as we've spoken to before, that inflation is starting to come down. And of course, we expect pricing to come down kind of in line with how inflation is coming down. I think as we've talked about before, our U.S. business has been really disciplined in how they have continued to take pricing. We've put a lot of effort in over the last couple of years to, I think, the data and analytical capability that comes from our third-party advisers, who obviously make pricing recommendations to our business, including our franchisees, who obviously make their own pricing decisions. And I think the fact that we continue to maintain that leadership position in both value for money and affordability speaks to the fact that even though we've obviously had elevated pricing levels on the back of elevated cost and inflationary pressures, that we have been able to execute that in a way that has minimized, the resistance from the customer and maximize the flow-through that we're getting as a result of those price increases. And I would say our flow-through, continues to kind of be in line with historical norms, which I think speaks to the capability and the position that we've been able to deliver with pricing. So again, I think we've talked about moderation. I think part of that will be pricing if inflation continues to kind of come down as we look forward.
Ian Borden: Maybe one just small build, Dennis, and I'll be a bit of a broken record on this, but I just -- I wouldn't underestimate some of those things that we've done over the last couple of years like the fully modernized estate. I mean imagine -- and this is the situation that some of our competitors are in today that you're trying to do that today in an environment of pressured cash flows and higher interest rates. I mean, we've got a fully modernized estate. As Chris talked about, we've got a modernized digital platform that continues to grow. And I think that's fundamentally some of the significant investments that we've made have been critically important as we head into this more kind of macro headwind and volatility.
Ian Borden: Good morning, Lauren, I just - maybe on the build on the dayparts, and again, I'm using the U.S. as the specific context is we've had pretty strong and consistent performance across all the dayparts in the business. So I don't think there's a 1 day part that I would call out where we aren't seeing strong performance. I do think, as we've seen kind of, I'll call it, a bit of a more return to work and return to office routine, there's probably a little bit more pressure in the breakfast daypart, just as some of those competitors who've been further behind in recovery, are kind of coming to life in that category. But again, we're continuing to see good performance there. And maybe the only other build, and this was an international lens on value, is you've heard us speak to some of the, I would call it, adjustments that some of our international markets have made to value. Maybe one I would just call out is in Canada, where the team there put a morning offer in place, which was a McMuffin and coffee pairing breakfast in Canada, is a pretty important daypart. Coffee is a pretty important part of that daypart. And so, I think our markets are going to continue to front footed and proactively make sure that we're adjusting value. So it's relevant to what our consumers are looking for as the context continues to evolve. And value, as Chris talked about, is a strategic part of our fundamental business model, but we are obviously going to continue to listen to our customers and make sure we're delivering what they need and what they expect from us.
Ian Borden: Good morning Brian, yes, thanks for the question. Look, I think what I would say on company-operated restaurant margins, we've been pretty consistent in -- if you look at the full year 2023, we expect company-operated margin percent both in the U.S. and IOM to be in line roughly with where we landed in quarter 4, 2022. I think that view hasn't changed. Obviously, we've had really strong sales performance this year, which is helping. And I think as you've heard me talk about before, the only way you sustainably work through periods of higher inflation in the business is obviously to continue to grow the top line and deliver strong performance. And that's what we're focused on. And we're obviously very confident as we're able to continue to do that that we're going to be able to kind of see improved restaurant margin from a percentage basis performance. In addition, obviously, to the really strong dollar growth that we're seeing on the back of those strong top line sales. So, I think no change to what we expect for the full year this year. But I think, we feel like we're in a really good position with the momentum we've got across the business.
Ian Borden: Yes. Good morning, Brian. So let me try and give you a bit of texture on kind of IOM and IDL, I mean I think you've obviously seen the headline comp numbers for the quarter, which I think are obviously really strong. And I would say that the consistency is the broad based and I think consistency of the momentum we're seeing, which just goes back to what we've talked about earlier today, which is our Accelerating the Arches strategy continues to really deliver pretty consistent results across the business. I mean, of course, when there are 100-plus markets, there are always a couple of markets that are maybe dealing with more kind of headwinds than others. I mean, I think in IOM, France would certainly be one of those markets. We spoke a little bit about that on the quarter two call. But I think if you look at the IEO sector in France still hasn't recovered back to where it was in 2019. I mean we have generally been taking share in the marketplace, but I think the consumer sentiment, with everything that's going on, which is consistent, obviously, across all markets, higher inflation, higher interest rates. And then I think in France, as we worked through the summer, you saw a level of social unrest. You saw some kind of violent activity coming out of that social unrest. I think that's all kind of dampened consumer demand. So I think our team in France is really, really focused on having good clarity on what we need to continue to do, and we're going to continue to deliver even in that more difficult environment. But broadly speaking, consistently really strong and consistent performance across the business that we're very, very pleased with.
Ian Borden: Jon, it's Ian. Let me take the first one, and then I'll turn it over to Chris on the NRLB. On the property gain, which is in our IOM segment, we expect that to be about $60 million. I think we've - you've probably heard us talk before, we get these kind of high-value individual properties that sometimes the highest and best use is different than what we're using it for today. This is an example of that. I don't think we certainly expect these are going to be occurring very often, but this is a case where that was just a good business decision to make, and that's what we're expecting in quarter four on that.
Ian Borden: Good morning, Andy, it's Ian. So I think on the subsidies, I guess the headline would be we expect to spend in line with what we've said consistently for the year, $100 million to $150 million. And so I think we're tracking in line with that where you'd expect us to be at this point in the year is what I would say on that. I think in terms of longer-term margins, I mean, if you go back over our 60-year history, I mean we've had obviously many periods of higher inflation that we've had to work through over time. We've always been able to kind of get margins back as we're able to continue to drive strong top line growth. And I certainly don't see any reason why that would be different this time. I mean I think we have - we're going to make sure, as you've heard us talk about today, that we stay really disciplined in how we're pricing to the consumer. We feel we've got a lot of capability, data and analytical capability that's allowing us to do that better than most. And we also have industry-leading momentum as you continue to see in our results. And if you are able to have industry-leading momentum, and as you heard Chris talk about, you continue to invest in those structural advantages, whether that's the fully modernized estate, digital platforms at scale, obviously, you're going to be in an advantaged position versus others and how you can kind of continue to let that flow through the business. And I think that's certainly what we expect as we look forward on margins and the ability to kind of build those as we continue.
