Christopher Kempczinski: Thanks, Ian. We like to say that when culture calls, McDonald's answers. With a brand that is renowned throughout the world and marketing that is resonating in culture and with consumers, it's no wonder that we've been recognized yet again as one of the World's Most Effective Marketers by Work in association with Cannes Lion. We're elevating our creative excellence, scaling great ideas globally and building meaningful relationships with the next generation of consumers.  Breakthrough campaigns, a great-tasting menu and personalized experiences will drive customers to McDonald's again and again as they come through the physical doors of our restaurants and the digital door of our mobile app. And in this environment with pressured QSR traffic, we have an opportunity to get the customers who already visit to visit more often. As more customers make purchase decisions based on personalized recommendations on their phones, driving frequency means using our digital capabilities like loyalty to know and serve our customers better than anyone else. With the insights powered by our loyalty members, we will work to deliver the right message at the right time to the right consumer, encouraging those who already love McDonald's to visit even more. And when we shift marketing investment from traditional mass media like television, print and billboard ads to collective investment in modern and digital capabilities to personalize the experience, we drive profitability.  And successfully delivering personalized experiences depends on transforming our restaurants to deliver what customers want: hot fresh orders delivered with convenience and accuracy. The future restaurant experience is already underway in markets across the world, whether it's Ready on Arrival, a dedicated drive-thru lane for digital orders in China or other flexible format concepts. And by building the technology infrastructure to support the 3 long-term platforms we've discussed, we will create a more reliable experience and operate more efficiently.  We've talked about the ways best-in-class marketing and our iconic menu fuel the brand, but there is another component. Each and every day, our McDonald's system strives to fulfill our purpose of feeding and fostering communities locally. And there's no greater example of our decades-long dedication to driving positive impact than our work with Ronald McDonald House Charities.  This year, we're celebrating the 50th anniversary of Ronald McDonald House Charities, providing essential services that remove barriers to health care, strengthen families and promote healing when children need it most. Since that first house opening, the charity's global footprint has expanded significantly and they've helped tens of millions of families through the hardest of times. With more than 385 programs running across the world, the organization is providing support for families across 90% of the world's leading pediatric hospitals and extending care through more than 2 million overnight family stays each year.  Before I close, I'd also like to take a moment to recognize Rick Hernandez for his many contributions to the McDonald's system throughout his 28 years of service on our Board of Directors. And as I assume the additional role of Chairman following our Annual Shareholders Meeting next month, I look forward to working alongside our new Lead Independent Director, Miles White, and the rest of the entire Board to continue to deliver strong performance united under an aligned company voice.  I am confident that the system is focused on the right priorities with Accelerating the Arches as our playbook, evolving to meet the customer needs of tomorrow and laying the foundation for future growth.  With that, we'll take questions. 
Christopher Kempczinski: And then turning to value in the U.S., I think it's important to first recognize that there is some great value that our system, our franchisees are offering in the U.S. 90% of our system in the U.S. is offering meal bundles for $4 or less. And if you look at digital value, we've got some great digital offers out there. I just opened my app while I was waiting to jump on this answer and we're offering right now a Big Mac for $0.29 when you buy a Big Mac or you could get 30% off McCrispy. So there's a lot of great value out there.  But I think the issue that we have in the U.S. is in an environment where everybody is out there with a value message, there's an opportunity for us to drive better awareness of what our value platform is. And one of the things that's going on in the U.S. right now is the value message that I was talking about, we're doing it in 50 different ways with local value. And what we don't have in the U.S. right now is a national value platform at the same time that our competitors are out there with a national value platform.  So the opportunity for us in the U.S., I think, is to get more aligned to the system around a strong national value proposition that we can then use our media scale to drive high consumer awareness on it. So that's what I know Joe and the team are focused on the U.S. And as I look at the U.S. compared to other markets where we're having success, you've got to be able to have high awareness and that's, I think, the big opportunity for us going forward in the U.S. business. 
Christopher Kempczinski: Sure. Well, I think what we've seen, if I turn to France, as an example, France, I was talking about last quarter as having a number of areas of opportunity and in my prepared remarks, I noted that, that system in France came together very quickly around a national value program that they then put significant marketing support against and they got to north of 80% awareness in a very short period of time that's starting to drive encouraging trends in their business results.  I think what that highlights is it's not about how quickly can you see the business impact when you have a strong marketing support against a compelling value platform, it's how quickly can your system move and pivot to getting that in place. And I know that, that's something that Joe and the U.S. team are talking with U.S. franchisees on. I think, again, there's lots of great value that we have out there at a local level, but it's how do we come together in the U.S. around a stronger national value platform that can compete. How long that takes, I think, is going to be up to individual conversations that happen in the market. But it's clear that once you have that in place, the business could start to respond pretty quickly. 
Christopher Kempczinski: Sure. Well, I think one of the things that we noted when in our opening is that the consumer is certainly being very discriminating in how they spend their dollar. And the inflation that has occurred over the last couple of years in the U.S., I think, has certainly created that environment.  And while it may feel it may be more pronounced with the lower-income consumer, I think it's important to recognize that all income cohorts are seeking value. And so our focus is on making sure, as I said, that we're offering strong value to our customers. And that's going to have benefits not just to low income, that will have benefits to middle and upper income as well. And so the actions that you take are the same regardless of the income cohort that you're talking about.  From other sales driver standpoint, on that score, I feel really good about where we're at in the U.S. As I look at, most importantly, how we're running our restaurants, our franchisees in partnership with our U.S. team are doing a really nice job of running strong restaurant operations. We're seeing improvements in speed of service. We're seeing the turnover in our restaurants is down.  All of those things in combination are improving customer satisfaction. We're seeing our satisfaction scores increase in the U.S. And then we will, of course, have menu innovation that happens throughout the year. It's part of what we do. I'm not going to get into detailing exactly what the menu innovation is going to be and when it comes, but certainly you can expect that we will use menu innovation as well to find ways to engage our customers.  And lastly, I would just point out, we always have to be finding ways to be driving consumer interest around great marketing plans. And if we're doing great marketing, you can grow the business just with your core menu. And so I know the U.S. team, along with our agency in the U.S., Wieden+Kennedy, they're continuing to look for what's the next big idea that we have from a marketing standpoint to drive the business. So multiple levers at our disposal. 
Christopher Kempczinski: Sure. Well, let me start with -- I think it's important to recognize that if you look at margins in the U.S. today, restaurant-level margins for franchisees versus where we were in 2019, we've just now rebuilt franchise restaurant-level margins back to where we were in 2019. So the pricing that's been taken over the last several years was all taken as a means to offset what we were seeing around quite high labor inflation and quite high commodity -- food and paper inflation.  So restaurant margins are now back to where we are -- where we were again in 2019 in the U.S., which then says to me that we do have the ability to be thinking about what we do from a value proposition going forward, and I talked about that in my answer to the earlier question.  I think the idea of where do we need to stay from a pricing standpoint on core menu, we've done a lot over the last several years building our pricing capabilities and the pricing capabilities that we have happen at the local level. So we will go and we will take a look at what are the competitive products around us, what are they priced at and how do our products match up against that. And all of that is then used to inform at the franchisee level, at the restaurant level what our relative pricing is.  So I think from where we are, I feel like we are in a decent shape from an overall menu standpoint. Yes, there will be the one-offs that gets sensationalized and reported on. But again, our opportunity is we need to speak in a more compelling way with one voice about what are those entry point, affordable price points that will be attractive to consumers and that's what the focus for our U.S. team, I know is. 
Christopher Kempczinski: Sure. I think on our overall satisfaction, again, we look and we're seeing improvement across all of our major markets on satisfaction, and as you noted, there's multiple aspects to that.  I think where we see the one opportunity as you sort of then decompose drivers of satisfaction, certainly, in some markets we have seen that our relative superiority on affordability has declined. And I think if there's any pressure on overall satisfaction or if there's anything that's closing it, it's probably losing some of that relative superiority on affordability. Again, that's not in all markets, but that's in a few markets.  It's important to still note we still are viewed as a superior value proposition, but the degree of gap in a few markets has narrowed. And so that leads back to all the things that we've been talking about on this call as things that we need to be focused on. 
Christopher Kempczinski: Sure. Well, my guess is your question is focused on the U.S. because obviously I could give a different answer depending on where you are in the world. But if I focus just on the U.S., most of the pricing that you see now in the U.S. is carryover pricing. It's not new pricing per se. Most of it again is carryover pricing.  That said, we do continue to see there's certainly labor inflation. Much of that is coming out of what happened in California. And on a national level, you could probably see we're expecting high single-digit labor inflation. Again, much of that from the bleed over of what California introduced.  And then on food and paper inflation, I think that's gone down to much more historical levels. So we're back at more historical levels on what we see from a food and paper inflation going forward. 
Christopher Kempczinski: Yes. And then turning to franchisee and your question about how we support franchisees, you're right that our U.S. franchisees, and I could go through other markets as well, but they're in a strong position. When you look at franchisee cash flow, we are at, I think, our second highest level ever, 2021 being the peak, but we're at very strong franchising cash flows. We're going to see franchisee cash flows increase in Q1.  And if you think about the balance sheet for our franchisees, the modernization that we did on our restaurants in the U.S. many years ago now was all done in a period of super low interest rates. And so any debt that's being carried on the books for our franchisees is at significantly lower interest rates than what we're seeing in the market right now. And so our franchisees are in a strong position.  As you know, they control pricing. We don't step in and subsidize pricing. But I think the opportunity here is what I mentioned earlier, we have a lot of great value out there in the market. We're just doing it in a very fragmented way. And so the opportunity for us is how do you maybe pull back a little bit on all the local value that we're offering, which, frankly, we don't have very high awareness on and how do you coalesce and drive awareness around a national value proposition.  So I think there's a smart way to do this that can end up being net neutral to a franchisee P&L. But just using the size and scale of our marketing engine and the amount of media that we spend, I think that's going to be the opportunity for us going forward. And certainly, we're in a good position from a system financial health standpoint to go do that. 
Christopher Kempczinski: Yes. I'll maybe start and then I'll hand off to Ian. But I think Ian outlined in general a construct that we see as sort of being our successful playbook, which is you need to have good entry level price points. You need to have a meal deal. And then there needs to be something that if you have a big breakfast business, you need to be offering value that's specific to breakfast.  And in a number of markets around the world, we're doing that very successfully. Certainly, in the U.S., we see that there is different cost environment. But then, again, our competitors have those same differences between high-cost markets, low-cost markets, et cetera. And so -- and that exists in other markets as well. If you were to go to France, it's much different if you were to go to Paris than what it would be somewhere outside of Paris.  So those differences exist in many markets around the world. I think what our system has historically shown an ability to do is working with our franchisees, how do you think about it from a portfolio standpoint. And ultimately, in this business, if you're driving transactions, if you're driving guest counts, that ends up being a good thing for everybody.  So we have a history of being able to do this. We've done this as I mentioned in our opening. We've been doing this for 70 some-odd years. So I think we understand what it takes, but it happens through a conversation with our franchisees to get aligned around what that national value proposition looks like. 
Christopher Kempczinski: Sure. Well, state the obvious. It's up to the U.S. team in partnership with our owner/operators to define what is a national value proposition look like in the U.S. As you know, with $1 $2 $3, it took a minute for that program to gain traction, but it then drove very strong results. I think, certainly, if you look at the U.S. performance over the last many years under the $1 $2 $3, I think we're now -- we were in year 6 or 7 of the $1 $2 $3, that was a very successful platform for us in driving performance across the U.S. business.  The point about how quickly does it actually impact transactions and turn that around, it goes back to how quickly you can drive awareness with the consumer on that. And the faster that you can drive awareness, the faster you can start to see that driving incrementality on the business.  So I think, first, it's getting the platform defined, making sure that it's compelling with customers. And then making sure that you support it properly to drive the awareness that you need to ultimately impact transactions on the business. 
Christopher Kempczinski: Sure. I think if you look at the impact of some of the boycotts in a few of our markets, I wouldn't say things are getting any worse there. And then, I think, in some cases you might be able to look and say perhaps it's getting slightly better in some places.  So no big change on that. I think it's also just worth -- it's interesting to note that in many of those markets, our delivery business is holding up quite well, which is kind of an interesting dynamic there.  So maybe marginally better in some markets. But as I referenced on an earlier call, we're not expecting to see any meaningful improvement in the impacts on that until the war is over, and we continue to have that outlook on what the Middle East conflict is going to do to our trends. Ian, I'll pass it over to you. 
Christopher Kempczinski: Sure, Well I'm going to disappoint you, Brian, in telling that there's not a lot to report. I think what we're still seeing is there's a lot of interest in CosMc's that's sort of curiosity driven. And as a result of that, it's tough to get a sense of sort of what are the true kind of underlying performance expectations.  As we've referenced in our Investor Day, what we're looking at for the ultimate success on this business is we've got to have a business that's driving comparable or stronger ROIC to a traditional McDonald's. There'd be no reason to be putting any capital against CosMc's unless it was neutral to accretive to building a traditional McDonald's. That's going to then be a function of what we see around both the absolute unit volumes in that concept, the margins associated with that and our ability to build these smaller-footprint restaurants at a lower cost than what we're expecting.  So all of those things are things that we're going to be assessing in our test market. As I've referenced previously, we have 10 -- we plan on opening 10 restaurants. And it will be a function of unit volumes. It will be a function of margins and it will be a function of what the capital that we need to spend to get these things built. All of that will drive our overall assessment of what the ROIC potential is. 
Christopher Kempczinski: Sure. Well, so I think it's tough to go back and compare the data today versus our last time that there was an economic slowdown. I think the dynamic that you described is what we do typically see in the business. I think, as you also know, Jeff, that our business over-indexes with lower income consumer. So there's that consideration.  But I would just go back to we recognize that we're in an environment where the consumer is being price discriminating. And again, that's not just something that's low income. I think all consumers are looking for good value for good affordability. And so we're focused on that action.  In terms of franchisee buy-in, that's a process that we work through in every single market to get alignment with our franchisees on what a national value program would look like, or if it's about launching a new menu item, what that timing of that would look like. So that's work that the U.S. team is doing. In a system that has 2,000 franchisees in the U.S., I think it's -- there are going to be different people in different places on that. And that getting to alignment ultimately comes through conversation.  And we -- like I said, we've been doing this for 70 years. We know how to get it done. But it just -- it comes through a lot of conversations with U.S. franchisees as it would in any other market. 
Ian Borden: Thanks for the question. Let me start and then I think Chris will probably jump in to kind of build out on whatever I say. But look, what I would start with is, as you know well, we don't typically give comp guidance. I think what we were trying to do as we looked back was to provide a directional perspective on what we felt the industry kind of historical range looked like in more typical years. As you know, we talked about '24 being a year where we felt top line was going to moderate.  I think -- four months into the year, I think what we can say is, clearly, 2024 isn't going to be a typical year for the broader industry. I say that because we're certainly seeing, as you heard in our upfront remarks, that the macro headwinds have been more significant than I think we even anticipated coming into the year and we continue to see those macro headwinds as we have started quarter 2.  And frankly, many of our large international markets and the U.S. -- and I think we expect in the U.S. that we're going to start the quarter roughly flat from a comp sales perspective from what we can see so far. And so I think what we're seeing is in many of our largest markets internationally and the U.S. that the industry traffic is either flat or we're certainly seeing declining trends. And I think as a result of that, we believe we're going to likely probably be below that historical range that we had indicated.  I think what's important is, clearly, we don't control the macro context around us. And so what we're focused on is always is listening to the needs of consumers, making sure we're making the appropriate adjustments in our business to deliver against those needs, and of course, is always ensuring that we can do it better than anyone else.  And I think affordability is clearly an area where consumer expectations are heightened. I mean, I think consumers are obviously dealing with a lot in the current macro context. Obviously, they're getting hit, I think, across their full basket of goods and services by all the inflationary impacts.  I think, importantly, we've got a really long and strong history of being a leader in both value for money and affordability. We've obviously been through these difficult context many times over time. I say that because I think it's important that we know what we need to do. I think we know how to do it well, and the financial strength of our business puts us in a position to be able to do that better than anyone else. And I think that's what we're going to make sure we're delivering against that, and each of our large markets is positioned for success against those current consumer expectations. 
Ian Borden: And maybe just the only build I'd add to what Chris said, Brian, is, I mean, I think I know, as Chris said, our U.S. leadership team is really -- is working really closely with our owner/operators. I think we have a good understanding of what we need to do, kind of how to do that well. And we're going to move, obviously, as quickly as we can together with owner/operators to kind of address that opportunity. And we've seen that work really well in other markets globally, as Chris was talking about. 
Ian Borden: And Dennis, maybe I'll just build on what Chris was saying because I think it's such an important point. I mean our -- the foundation of our business, the vast majority of our business is in an incredibly strong position. I mean, I think we come into this more challenged macro environment kind of in an advantaged position. And I think the emphasis with that would be we have a fully modernized estate, as Chris kind of referred to. We've got, I think, a marketing and brand engine that's best-in-class meaning I think the team continues to deliver great creative execution. I think that's resonating with customers in culturally relevant ways. We've got our system financial strength that's at one of its strongest points in our history. So we've got the ability to kind of lean into opportunities together because of all the work we've done over the last couple of years.  And then if you think of our 3Ds of delivery, drive-thru and digital, we have a leadership position in each of those areas. We're continuing to invest to drive growth in those areas. Delivery, for example, the U.S. business kind of hit all-time highs in the first quarter. Delivery is -- sorry, digital, as you know, we've made a lot of progress in. And we know we continue to drive growth in digital more broadly.  So I think we feel really good about the vast majority of our business. We just know the consumer is looking for more on affordability and value, and we're going to lean in and make sure we can meet those needs. 
Ian Borden: Maybe John, I'll just build a little bit on what Chris talked to because I think -- maybe the way to think about it is what do we think good looks like in getting value and affordability right. And I would -- I think we would say it's a couple of things. It's making sure, as Chris said, we've got those entry-level items at affordable price points for people -- or for consumers. It's making sure that we've got an entry-level meal bundle that's at an affordable -- compelling affordable price point and doing that generally with products that consumers know and that we've got strong equity behind. And then I think if breakfast is a big part of our business like it certainly is in the U.S., making sure we've got compelling value at breakfast as well.  And I think, obviously, from an executional standpoint, we've got to make sure we've got the right products at the right price, and we've got, as you've heard Chris talk about, that consumer awareness at a level of significance so that consumers are aware of the offers and the affordability price points and that's going to influence their visits as we look forward and they're looking across different options.  So again, I think we're working hard to make sure we're delivering against each of those opportunities. And as Chris talked about, in markets where we've done that well, we're seeing really strong performance and that's the opportunity we're focused on making sure we have in place in each of our top markets. 
Ian Borden: David, just maybe to build because I think experience, as you noted, is encompassing of a number of different factors. I mean, I think we're driving better speed of execution consistently across our top markets. We know when we put capabilities in place, as you've heard us talk about previously like Ready on Arrival, which is in place in the U.S. that we're delivering hotter, fresher food as customers arrive to our restaurants and delivering an overall better experience. I think the sharp point and Chris mentioned this is just we've got that opportunity on affordability and we're really laser-focused on making sure we can meet the need that consumers are expressing in the current context. But we feel really good about all the other aspects of the experience and how we're delivering against what customers are expecting. 
Ian Borden: Maybe just to build, Eric, to what Chris said, I mean, the food and paper low single digits. So I think we have seen kind of favorable movement in this year, although we've still got a fair bit of carryover effect from '23 inflation, certainly into the first part of '24 from both food and paper and labor.  I think what's important to note on pricing is, I think, our business, including our owner/operators, understand that the consumer is price-weary. And I think we certainly are going to be prudent and thoughtful about any further price increases that we're looking at for the rest of 2024 on that backdrop and keep working on the opportunity that we've talked about a fair bit already on the affordability and getting that in place to kind of address the consumer need. 
Ian Borden: It's Ian. Let me take the clarification and then I'll let Chris address your question. So what I said earlier was that industry traffic, and I was talking about across many of our top markets, is flat or we're seeing declining trends.  If I talk specifically about the U.S. in quarter 1, industry comparable traffic was negative and we expect it to be negative for the full year. And I think that's the context that's important, just to give the context to the more challenging macro environment. 
Ian Borden: Brian, thanks for the question. Look, I mean, you hit on it. It's obviously in the context we're working through in '24. There are a lot of variables at play. And I think the macro context means it's difficult for us to kind of predict the forward look in terms of what's the duration of the macro headwinds we're seeing and the depth. So I think that obviously is impacting performance. And as always, our op margin leverage is going to be dependent on our strength and level of sales growth.  Look, I think I remain really confident in our ability to drive leverage in op margin over time as we're able to kind of continue to drive strong top line growth. And I think we're confident, as we work to kind of address the affordability opportunities we've got, that's going to be helpful in getting sales growth back to the direction we want. And over time, that will certainly be helpful in continuing to drive leverage and op margin. 
Ian Borden: Yes. Maybe just one kind of build on the headwinds. I mean, I think what I said upfront, that the macro headwinds that we were seeing were more significant across a number of our large international markets and that's continued into the start of quarter 2.  I think on support for kind of the IDL, look, I mean, you've heard me talk about this before. I mean, I think when there are external factors that are kind of beyond the control of our franchisees that are impacting the business and those franchisees are doing everything right and continue to do everything right for the McDonald's business, providing support in situations that warrant it, is kind of part of what I'll call our fundamental business model.  I mean if and when we make decisions to provide support, it's always targeted and temporary. It's always designed to go to our franchisees who are most in need. I think we've talked previously that we have provided some support for some markets that have been impacted in the region. Obviously, we're continuing to look at the facts and circumstances and continue to work incredibly closely with our DL partners.  I would just say that the level of support that's been provided so far has not gotten to what I'll call a significant level. But obviously, we're continuing to stay close and work very close with our DL partners in the region. 
Ian Borden: Jeff, maybe just 2 quick hooks to what Chris said. I think across markets, I think what our leadership teams are spending time on talking to the business, talking to our franchisees about is what I'll call making sure we've got a street-fighting mentality in the current context. I mean, clearly, the macro is more difficult. Clearly, everybody is fighting for fewer consumers or consumers that are certainly visiting less frequently. And we've got to make sure we've got that street-fighting mentality to win irregardless of the context around us.  And as I think we've talked a lot today about our position -- our system is positioned with the strength and capability. There's no reason why we shouldn't have the most compelling value and affordability positioning from the focus of a consumer.  Ultimately, we're going to measure our progress through are we taking share. And I think we are, Chris and I and certainly the leadership teams, are laser-focused on that and that's the opportunity ahead, and we're very focused on that. 
