Kevin Ozan: Hi, David. Steve, I’ll take this one. So, first of all, on the All Day Breakfast and McPick 2, so that was the -- they are two of the foundational elements of what’s helped maintain and -- establish and then maintain momentum of the business. So, as you know, All Day Breakfast around this time last year, it served us well. As you know, the initial peak was higher than we expected and it settled down to a level that we are very happy with. In the meantime, we worked on how can we extend that platform both operationally and making sure the consumer demand was there and they extended it just a couple of weeks ago as well, three or four weeks ago. So that is here to stay, is doing well for us and is a foundational element of our business momentum. Similarly, it really is well-embraced by both our operators and by our customers. So, as you know, we tried both, McPick 2 for 5, which is typically the platform we use at a national level and we’ll be bringing that back, I don’t know, three, four times a year and hitting at a national level and so using the flexibility of that platform to rotate different items through that menu. But, what you don’t see perhaps so visibly is across the regions is how the Pick 2 is always on. And typically the regions will use a greater value element like a McPick 2 for 2.50, McPick 2 for 2, McPick 2 for 3, and again depending on seasonality and the customer preference we’ll rotate products through there. So, both those platforms are good contributors to us and are important part of our business going forward. In terms of what we’ve got to be excited about going forward, there’s plenty and the part of what we’re enjoying about the new structure in this business is the greater visibility we have to what works around the world and what’s creating some of that success internationally for us, but also the way that they’ve simplified the structure in the U.S., what’s working on a regional level. So, there is a lot of product innovation, local product innovation at regional level, but we’re looking to learn from and lift where appropriate. Earlier this quarter, I spent some time in Phoenix and Scottsdale in Arizona, and then went up to Portland in Oregon, and one common success factor in both those regions, both of them are the strongest sales regions we have in the U.S. currently, and what was also particularly successful there was they were complementing local beverage value alongside the McPick 2 platform alongside fundamentals of running better restaurants. So, there are these pockets of great success that we’re looking to lift and localize and then launch rapidly. But the other piece that I always come back to and I won’t hesitate to coming back to is probably the most important element of what has established momentum in the U.S. is the operational improvements around running better restaurants. And that is something that is so, so fundamental, and it may not be a headline grabber. So, if you think about the 27, 28 million customers that come in every single day, if we can offer a more consistent, friendlier, more convenient service to them that is where our greatest reward is. And the customer satisfaction scores are going in significantly right direction. And again, we have a number of ways we’re looking to improve the operational experience including using technology to make it more easier and more convenient for customers. So, we have multiple future growth drivers. And internationally, again, we’re scanning the horizon, clearly. I mean, you’ve seen the success of the very -- very consistent solid success across the International Lead markets, and there are certain common success stories across those, most notably how they’re embracing what they’re calling and describing the Experience of the Future, which is how we use modern facilities are totally redefined, front of house hospitality experience, use of technology with self order kiosks for example, integrating that with mobile apps and again offering a degree and appropriate degree of customization for customers so they can really exert their choice and enjoy variety across our menu. So, again, you can expect us to incorporate some of those successes into the U.S. business as we move forward.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, Matt. Thanks for the question. I’d say you can see out there, there is still some promotional offerings certainly around the industry. I think all of us certainly including us would like to see kind of just a stable platform where you can -- that’s why we put McPick 2 in. The idea is to have an ongoing value platform that customers can count on and not have to come up with some discounted promotion, if you will, every now and then. On the pricing side, to your point, right now we’re a little bit ahead of food-away-from-home and we certainly experienced very favorable margins here in the U.S. in the third quarter. Some of that is the timing of when we take pricing. So, if you look at last year, we actually took some pricing in October whereas this year, we took it in September. So that when you look at a year-over-year basis, you have a little timing shift. There is about 70 to 75 basis points of pricing that would be in last year’s fourth quarter that we may not replace some or all of that in the fourth quarter this year, which would bring some of our pricing down and maybe more in line with food-away-from-home. But we still do keep an eye on both food-away-from-home and food-at-home, which you mentioned is -- the food-at-home is extremely low right now. Thanks. 
Kevin Ozan: Thanks Sara. Let me hit both of those. The pricing, it’s a fair point. As I mentioned, there is a lot of elements of pricing. What we try and balance is certainly restaurant profitability with continuing to grow guest counts. So, we’ve talked about our main focus being growing guest count certainly in the U.S. And again, as I mentioned, the pricing is a little bit of a timing issue. So, it wouldn’t be a surprise to see that come down a little bit, which could help then accelerate some of the guest count growth. Regarding unit growth, we brought it down by around 100. I think we had a 1,000, about a 1,000 last quarter; now, we said about 900. It’s a little bit in various markets, a few in China, few in Spain, nothing of significance I would say. The reallocation is really to some of these investment areas that Steve was just talking about, certainly in places like Australia and the UK where we’re implementing Experience of the Future seeing good sales lifts from those investments; we continue to reinvest in those types of investments. So, you saw the capital didn’t come down; it was really a reallocation of a little bit of the new store openings to some of that reinvestment to continue to grow sales.
Kevin Ozan: I guess what I would say is we are kind of -- we’re certainly in the middle of BBB+ right now, have a little bit of room but not a lot of room, and we’re committed to remaining at that BBB+ rating. And so as we look at any further debt addition, we keep in mind kind of wanting to stay at that existing credit rating. So, that’s our intent certainly.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, thanks John. Let’s start with the G&A. As you mentioned, we’ve been spending some time certainly as an organization looking through, I’ll say everything, our organization structure, our layers, the way we’ve designed structures et cetera. And for now, what we’ve agreed to is that we’re going and reducing our G&A by just $500 million net. That still allows us to continue investing where we believe we need to, to continue to grow the business. So, we’re very conscious of making sure that we’ve got the right investment levels to be able to strategically still invest in the business. Might there be some opportunity beyond the 500, I guess, I’d say we’re not going to stop looking or stop having the discipline in the organization to continue managing the business appropriately. But there has been a lot of change in the organization in the near-term. And our belief is that for us right now, this is the right level for us to focus on in the near-term. I wouldn’t say that that means we stop and then never kind of manage the business effectively going forward but for us right now the commitment is for the 500. Regarding capital, right now, as you know we’re right around $2 billion. What you may see in the near-term is as we convert some of these countries to development of licensees where we free up some of that capital, some of that maybe redeployed to the U.S. to spend on this Experience of the Future investment that Steve was talking about. So, you could see some reallocation of that capital in the next few years that would effectively keep our capital envelope relatively similar to what it is today. And then once that’s complete, it’s likely to go down after that. But in the near-term, we may reallocate some of the capital that we’ve freed up to spending to accelerate that U.S. Experience of the Future investment.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes, sure. First of all, on the gap, competitive gap, we had a positive gap for the quarter. Positive gap was 0.6%. As you know, it’s a market shift I tell that really is a scramble. There is certainly a softening top-line across the sector with consumer confidence. All of us in this sector would prefer some tailwinds. If you look out, there aren’t many tailwinds at the moment. There is not great economic growth to help provide a lift; consumer confidence is muted. We’re at a rather unusual stage of the election cycle. So, none of that’s really providing a tailwind for us. That said, there is a significant market out there and we’re going to keep battling for market share. That said, seeing the softening of the gap, there is not a great surprise to us, because it was a particular -- this time last year and heading into the fourth quarter, had [ph] a really strong performance for us. So, the reality is the trends we’re seeing are no surprise to us and certainly aren’t shaking us from our longer term objectives. From a leadership perspective, I’d like to talk about it. I’m exciting about where we’re at. We’re heading into 2017 with really a world-class team that one would expect for world-class business; we have made changes. And as you go through the various phases of a turnaround into growth, there are times when the skill sets required, as we transition, also need to change. So, it’s a delicate balance between leveraging experience, the knowledge, the tenure, the understanding of the system with our more tenured leaders also bringing innovative thinking. But, I can just draw some examples to this. I mean, giving Chris Kempczinski the opportunity and lead the U.S. business, I’m really excited about. Because the reality is whilst he has somewhat limited McDonald’s experience, a, he brings some phenomenal external leadership experience from global brands, consumer brands which will be valuable to us. But also let’s not forget that it would take the five or six keys [ph] to direct reporting, he has reporting on this, more than 120 years of McDonald’s U.S. experience amount. [Ph] So, I think we’ve got the McDonald’s experience piece covered with his fresh thinking. I’m sure that’s going to be a very, very perfect combination. If you look at the role that we’ve created with Doug Goare now, I mean Doug has been around the best part of 40 years. And there are very few roles in this business that Doug hasn’t field. He’s had functional leadership, supply chain functional leadership, franchising, real estate as well as field leadership both here in the U.S., previously ran Europe and now he is proving to be a great leader of our International Lead markets. Leveraging Doug’s experience to help blend in with the new experience by Chris, we are one team and that’s a good balance. Joe Erlinger taken the High Growth. I mean Joe started up in U.S. business 15 years ago, again a regional manager very successfully here in U.S. transitioned to become a market leader and Managing Director of the Korean market, has financial experience and became the CFO in the newly formed High Growth market and is perfectly placed to step in and add his energy and insight into leadership position. And then, if you were to talk about for Chris’s transition, we’d already prepared for that, we’d already had Lucy Brady come and join our business. She is a Senior Vice President of BCG; 20 years experience in helping global businesses develop growth strategies; so, ideally placed to seamlessly fit into that. So, it’s an important balance; it’s something that I enjoyed leading when I was in the UK when we were transitioning from probably a McDonald’s only management team to one I felt had the right combination. And getting that balance right now is critical. And I am really excited to be into next year with the team that’s sharp and ready to go ahead.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes, sure, absolutely. Really it’s a fascinating time to be running international business, it really. Because if you speak to the team in France for example who have led so much for our strategic thinking and the innovation across our business, they’re now facing really -- not an unforeseen, but previously not experienced challenges. And given not just their macroeconomic environment, we know that GDP is down in France but the different dynamics and given some of the situation and the security, terror situations they faced there, it really is creating some very significant dynamic changes in that market. Tourism, which has always been a substantial part of this fuel of the economy in France has really softened. And you see it in the hotel bookings and you can see impacted in certainly the more tourist areas where it’s the Southern France or Paris within our business where we do have a heavy concentration of restaurants. But you’re also seeing effect of the way that consumers live their lives, French consumers. So, there is a slight reticence to go into high density tourist areas because they’re slightly concerned at environment. Now, I think some of those things are temporary and some of the things maybe slightly more permanent. But it certainly means our management teams in France having to be much more agile and responsive to act in accordance with consumer sentiment. When you go to a market like Spain where they have probably suffered more through the economic crisis than any other market that we do business in, youth unemployment up at 25% for example, so we have just gently slowed down the new store opening there and also focused our efforts and our investment on existing store portfolio. And I’m delighted with the progress that market’s made as it’s built its momentum, is returning to grow through the second half of this year and the outlook looks very confident. UK is probably a well and -- an often spoken story. I think its 42 consecutive quarters of growth now and that momentum really does look very solid and well baked in. So, I won’t say too much more about that. But then you can go internationally across to Asia. China is a challenging market. And the manner in which the teams are adapting to the variations that they have to experience, both getting in consumer sentiment and the broader economy is admirable. As they are seeing, just as one example, they now have a substantial part of their business is the delivery business. And not just -- originally we set up and established our own McDonald’s delivery service and that proved to be very successful. We’re now integrating into third party delivery providers and that has way further accelerated our momentum in business and customer satisfaction, as more people are getting used to ordering and eating at home. So, we are seeing different trends around the world. And the one thing that’s particularly beneficial to us now is as we remove some of the layers in our business, the visibility we have into what’s going on and how we can transfer that knowledge and use it to our advantage in other markets. And part of the advantage of having Chris in this position now, he spent his first year travelling around the world, both with myself, with other senior leaders and on his own facing these markets, seeing what’s going on, understanding the big levers of our business and is now perfectly placed to help take over the U.S. business. 
Steve Easterbrook: Just to add to that, what I would say is we’re trying to get the right balance, that is we build our plans. But we don’t want to have a price-led strategy; we want to have an experience-led strategy of which value is a critical component. And our teams, as we look over the immediate term through 2017 through the three-year plan, that is the fundamental basis of how we’re building our plan. Yes, value but we don’t want to be price-led. And we can see some in the sector being drawn that way; that’s not the place we really want to have.
Steve Easterbrook: As you say David, it is an unusual comparison. So, we entered this period with our eyes wide open. And as we say, look, we are mindful of where the performance spiked last year. I can assure you, we’re not building tactical plans to try and hit a comp in a given month or a given quarter. We are building for the long-term and not getting shaken up our strategy. So, we will still fight for market share at local level. We’re going to leverage All Day Breakfast through quarter four into quarter one. We’ve got some exciting promotional activity in quarter one that we’re looking forward to. So, we’re not sitting on our hands here but at the same-time nor are we going to get drawn into a year-on-year comp strategy at all. So that’s the visibility I’m happy and open to share with you, but not getting into predicting comps.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes, thanks John. I say it’s starting to make the contribution in 2017. I mean the reality is we would see this as something like a three-year program, which is exactly what we’re seeing through the markets like UK, Canada, Australia. These are rolling programs and actually give us growth upon growth upon growth. For the UK for example, they’re already almost 40% converted to the entire Experience of the Future, which is introducing the technology along with the hospitality as well as the food elements. And therefore, their visibility on year-on-year growth of next two to three years looks pretty strong. In the U.S., we’re certainly early in that cycle. In terms of modernized restaurants, it’s just over 50% of the U.S. state is modernized; we’ve got some work to do to complete that. And then of course within that we want to layer on top of the other elements, the broader [ph] elements, consumer facing elements of Experience of the Future, integrating that into the self order kiosk, offering different ways that customers can be served, they can place their orders, they can customize their food. So, we expect to start seeing that wrapped up through 2017 and literally the minute you convert the restaurant, we see a sales lift. So, yes, it’ll be a contributor, but we’ll probably be getting that full rate through 2018 and 2019 as well, which I think is a very strong program. One of the things we have benefited from is, we’ve learnt a lot of what works, also one or two things that don’t work in the markets that we nearly adopted, Australia, Canada for example. So, we can bring that best practice into the U.S, make sure it’s locally relevant and then go hard at it. So, we’re really excited. The barrier to it is really -- is just a collective will to invest. I mean, there is an investment element to it over an operator level helping the company, and certainly from a company perspective we’re allocating our capital to provide significant support alongside the operators to co-invest with them and we’re really -- at the moment the U.S. cash flows are all time high. That means their ability to invest never have been greater. So,. I think we’re in a good place.
Steve Easterbrook: Nicole, sorry to interrupt. Could you just repeat that? The line is muffled. You talk about a competitor with…
Steve Easterbrook: I’ll take the first one. So, we plan our business to grow on a global basis. So, growth is fundamental, both clearly at the global level but also at a local level with our owner operators. Our rich history of continuing to grow this business over 60 odd years through changes in -- societal changes as well as competitive environments as well as different economic backgrounds, we have proven to be pretty a resilient business. So, certainly as we go through quarter four and into quarter one, yes, we’re planning to grow our business. Now, there’s going to be ebbs and flows within the global business on where those pockets of success happen and that is why our geographic diversification is one of our great advantages. But we’re planning to grow our like-for-like sales and we see that as being the life of our business as we look out over the medium to long term as well.
Steve Easterbrook: The gap clearly plays a role but it’s not the reason for the broader softening, it’s not the sole reason. So, I think it is an element. But when you are lower average check business like we are, I don’t think that magnifies out the same as if we were a mid scale dining or fine end dining. So, yes it’s probably in the mix but it’s certainly doesn’t explain. I think there are broader macroeconomic issues of consumer confidence and just uncertainty of wage increases, the slight squeeze on discretionary spend with gas prices aging back up and healthcare costs going back up. So, I think those are sort of things that we see affecting customers and basically the spare cash they have in their pocket. Regarding Experience of the Future, I mean one of the great learns we’ve had and particularly with launching so aggressively in Australia over year and a half ago which the main food element was something we described as create your taste and that was an in-store only premium food offering. Now, it worked great but we wanted to find a way that we could take that to our entire customer base. So, with Aussie team we worked on solutions now, what we can now bring. So, we believe there would be food elements customizing premium quality food that we can deliver through both the drive through and in-store. And I think that’s one of the benefits we have of getting those early adopter, in our case going aggressive, learn, bring it back over and localize it and launch it. And so we believe we have a good solution for that. 
Steve Easterbrook: Thanks Chris and again thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. In closing, I want to reemphasize our focus on giving people more reasons to visit McDonald’s. We’re committed to creating customer noticeable change across our business especially in the areas of food, experience and value and it’s making a difference. Customer perceptions of McDonald’s are improving and so is our performance. And moving in the right direction, we know there is much more work to do as begin to transition from our turnaround plan to mindset focused on strengthening the business to drive sustainable growth over the long-term. I am encouraged by the progress we’ve made and I’m excited about the opportunities ahead as we begin to reinsert McDonald’s as the global leader of the IEO industry. Thanks to all of you, and have a great day.
