Steve Easterbrook: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. 2017 was a very strong year of performance for McDonald's. Our results demonstrate we successfully completed the transition from turnaround to growth. Our momentum is broad based across the McDonald's system. There are strong leadership teams in place, our business is fit for purpose and grown platforms underpinning our strategy of residential customers and markets around the world. Our top priority in 2017 was serving more customers more often and we did. We grew cash counts by 1.5% in the fourth quarter and 1.9% in the full year, with all business segments positive. This is our first full year of positive comparable cash count growth since 2012.  Comparable sales for the quarter grew 5.5% marking our 10th consecutive quarter of growth. Full year comparable sales increased 5.3%, our best performance in six years. We made significant advances with our franchise strategy in 2017 culminating with our largest developmental licensee transaction China and we reached our target of refranchising 4,000 restaurants per year ahead of schedule. Customers tell us that we are notably enhancing their McDonald's experience by being more attentive to their needs and serving hotter and fresher food. Our overall customer satisfaction surveys scores continue to improve in 2017 with most markets achieving gains across multiple elements of brand perception particularly friendly service and taste and quality of food. As a result, six of our top eight markets grew market share with the UK, Canada and Japan leading the way.  We are pleased with our progress but certainly not satisfied. There is more potential in the marketplace and in our plan and we are leveraging our considerable size and scale to unlock it. We are sharper and more focused in the way we organize bank and act and we are confident in our ability to execute with excellence to drive sustainable long-term growth. Kevin will walk you through more details about our financial performance in the fourth quarter and the full-year. 
Steve Easterbrook: As you can see our business is growing. It is fundamentally sound and we're confident about our future. We have returned the business to growth and have achieved momentum with comparable sales. 2017 was our best performance in six years. Customers are rewarding us with visits because the actions we're taking to serve them great tasting meals, offer friendly hospitality and provide more choice in how they order, pay and serve their food. The three biggest draw to McDonald's system is continuing to make bold and aggressive investments in our most promising growth platforms. A strong signal of the confidence we have in our future. We're also looking forward to 2018 because there're many opportunities that will bring the building brand excitement with our customers and our people. This spring we'll gather at our worldwide convention in Orlando with nearly 14,000 owner operators supplies employees in the McDonald's system. This will be a tremendous opportunity for building our enthusiasm as we celebrate our progress and then rally together to pursue our even greater ambitions in the years ahead.  As I mentioned this is the 50th anniversary of the BigMac a one of a kind sandwich invented by Jim Delligatti one of our earliest McDonald's franchisees. We have exciting plans to celebrate the many fans who remained so passionate all these years later about this iconic burger.  Our flagship Chicago restaurant is receiving a dramatic makeover and it will offer great convenience and hospitality to our customers when it reopens later this year. The modern designs will play our latest technology and decor side, the green space, planters and outdoor sitting and a park for community to enjoy.  And, I can't wait to take another picture there and advancing the evolution of our culture, when we open our new headquarters in Chicago's West Loop. Moving into the heart of such a dynamic city will put us closer to our customers and energize the McDonald's team.  We are becoming a better McDonalds and as we do, its driving better results. While pleased with the progress we made in 2017, we have far greater ambitions. We have the right organization and the right plan. The fact always we put in place is delivering growth today, we are confident they will serve as the spring board accelerating our future success.  So, thanks everyone, and now I'll turn it over to Mike to lead the Q&A.
Steve Easterbrook: You are absolutely right, I mean clearly, we see at a market by market that we are very close to all the consumer research and feedback we can get. I mean very simply, I guess you could characterize it into brand perceptions but also operational metrics as well and the two kinds of got to hand it hand.  What we have seen around the world, and what we are beginning to see in the U.S. is when you look at a brand like McDonald's everything that you do communicates, so the look and feel of the restaurants, the quality and engaging element of our marketing programs, the friendliness of our people and their enthusiasm, technology innovation, you saw us talk about keeping the business for the future as well.  So, what we are beginning to see is as we can change the broad-based investment both in our people and our restaurants in the menu improvements such as through poultry supply chain with the antibiotics, whether for the clean label nuggets and so on all of these things communicate at businesses on the move and a business that’s heading in the direction that our customers wants us to.  So, we are certainly encouraged we are seeing some improvement in operational metrics in terms of friendliness, better service in terms of the customers perceptions and then you look at the broader brand metrics like is a brand for -- it is a company for a customer like me for example, so broader brand metrics, and we are beginning to see that mix. begins in the markets that are more advanced and you can look on the more developed markets, markets like Canada as you mentioned UK, Australia but we also see it into a number of our high growth markets where we already have modernized the estate and really repurposed the whole employment preposition countries like Netherlands and Poland and Spain and Italy. We begin to see as each part of progress we make it's just a mix all brand perceptions and also just the taste and quality of the food perceptions go up if you are able to satisfy customers in more environment.  So, we are encouraged its early days we finish the year in the U.S. with around 3,000 of our restaurants really representing the look and feel that we are proud of going forward and with the further acceleration that we've announced the day, the 2018 we are going to have probably just north half of our state converted into really a great expression of the forward-looking brand McDonald's by the end of 2018. So, we are encouraged but a lot of work to do.
Steve Easterbrook: It's really too early for us to give any meaningful feedback on the dollar menu 1, 2 and 3 and it's only been 20 plus days it's been in the marketplace. And when you introduce a platform as strong and that's being built upon for the medium-and-long-term it’s going to take 3 to 6 months for it to fully ebbed in the minds of consumers.  With that said in terms of the gap we're beginning to see in the marketplace broadly we ended the year in a competitively strong position. We announced in the U.S. a sales number of 4.5%. I think the overall competitive set was pretty much flat I think it was plus 0.2. So, we have noted that over the four quarters of the year the gap has suddenly increased. They are giving there any future direction but it was very encouraging for us that the more illicit the plans that we execute across the market we are making a dent in the competition which clearly gives us further encouragement.  On a weekly basis I think we outperformed the peer group in 48 out of the 52 weeks across 2017 so again really consistent strong competitive performance marching here in the U.S. We feel good about the dollar menu 1, 2, 3. I mean just as an overall guide we are not seeing a significant or material shift in product mix. we are still seeing average shared growth across the overall business. so, we feel that it's settling in and embedding in well. we've brought in some of the elements which was successful for us in 2017 so that should be the dollar any size fountain drinks, which we know is very powerful and very strong. there were really augmented with some breakfast products and both across beef and chicken menu as well including then also the $3 happy meal.so we're off to a good start. it's very days to comment anything meaningful for it but it's certainly encouraging.
Steve Easterbrook: Just to add to that, and Kevin's absolutely right, I just want to put into context the significance of the acceleration that we are describing here. We exit 2017 with around 3000 restaurants fully converted. We started the year with around 700 so 2017 therefore we completed around 2300 projects. so, this is the best part of doubling that rate and again just to put it into context something similar to do in the UK, France and Germany all together in one year. I mean this is a massive undertaking, a massive signal of confidence from all of our operators and ourselves. But the other piece, the devil's always in the detail and our aim isn't just to get 4000 done it’s to get 4000 done very-very well because owner/operator is committing their money into this and every customer would like to see how the go stand the execution.  So, for us this is a really significant undertaking ensuring our confidence in the future of the business and the confidence that we have for an infrastructure investment such as this as a result of tax reform I think is worth pointing out.
Steve Easterbrook: I'll have a step of both of those and Kevin can join me on things I miss. We don’t want to get into any habit of forward projecting if you like but as we enter this year and because we are reviewing our plan, areas of strength, areas of opportunity, the path is delivering and through 2017 delivers -- we exceeded what we expected out of our fan in 2017. That gives us encouragement that we have a number of facets of our business that are working, whether it's the core nuts and bolts focus in the market on the day to day operations, your friendly service, hot fresh food, staffing our restaurants fully, and the real basics of the customer experience but all the way through to the efficient accelerators and the other platforms of growth whether it's through delivery, the emergence of some of our digital and technology and the growth opportunity that has and what we continue to see out of experience the future.  So, you have heard me talk probably number of times around how we try to layer these platforms of growth upon each other. They don’t all outperform, but if they can just underperforming we go back and take a look and review and look to enhance and want to outperform our expectations. As we enter the year we feel confident that the plans we built and the progress we have in place are going to continue to deliver strong growth.  As we continue to invest -- you are absolutely right the brand perceptions will undoubtedly improve if we continue to execute to the standard that we set ourselves. So, once we have about a third of our global stakes now fully modernized in the truest sense actually continue that pace. We know that the brand perceptions improve in restaurants is a much more modernized. So that we find, we are confident that the key metrics both the -- if you like the lightening indicators and the leading indicators both the financial metrics as well as the brand metrics will continue to improve. With regards to value, it’s a market share fight, we don’t see really, I think any significant broader market growth this year. We are certainly not planning on that. So therefore, we know we are in a market share fight and values is where it really does get the street fighting really hits.  What we feel good about on the marketing side here and particularly if I talk to the U.S. is two things. One, we have great quality and great value items in the $1, $2, $3. If you look at that line up these iconic products the customers are familiar with are confident with and really, I think exudes much of the values and the things around what we stand for as a business and also as we develop our menu. So, as well as offering great value and we think it reinforces the quality perception and taste perceptions that we are looking to move.  In terms of just the muscle we have, I mean one of the changes that the operators in the company signed up to last year was we were going to divert more money from the local agencies, the local costs, into national, into the national marketing cost. And that is A, more efficient in spend, and secondly, gives us much more universal trout.  So, I think that makes us somewhat in -- really gives us a differentiating muscle as opposed to any of our competitors. so, I think the quality of the lineup and the financial muscle we have through our national marketing program in general we think will remain very competitive on the value add. 
Steve Easterbrook: And just actually just share comps of the previous points as well from Sara's question, if I would continue comment on our marketing shift and to national from local because of the [Indiscernible] we can gain, we've been able to slightly reduce the marketing contribution that goes with the P&Ls of both our operators and our company stores. So again, this is huge in our size and scale not just an advantage to get us share of voice and drive the effectiveness of our programs, but actually, we can do more cost effective and pass on that benefit through the P&L, so it turns out to be a win-win forward of us. 
Steve Easterbrook: Yeah, sure Jeff, so franchisee sentiment, clearly, is something we work so closely hand in hand with the owner/operators. I mean our owner operators knew as our leadership team in the US, they were building a very aggressive and confident plan and they call it in the US the bigger, bolder Vision 2020, so they collectively built this plan knowing that there was a lot tied up into it.  As we entered the 2018, there is a totally expensive combination of excitement and confidence and also just the anxiety that comes with the workload and commitments that have to be made. So, I would say so much as push back but just the reality is now hitting home, we have got a lot of work to do, both at a local and the restaurants of the owner/operators and also at a national level to execute some of these priorities.  But Jerry its nothing that’s are changed and talk about and then really, we are looking to alleviate the anxiety just with some great execution. If we can execute Dollar Menu 1, 2, 3 from the start of the year, we have got a couple of other promotional campaigns coming up soon that why we are really exciting and drive the business. And then if we can get the -- and change the bit of liability through the technology through the mobile app our customers have and also improve on the user experience for example on the self-order kiosk. There is loads of areas we are looking to continuously improve and as we do so our collective confidence grows. But I wouldn’t say the sentiment is any different from any normal human reaction to when you enter a year and you got to work really hard also write some big cheques, always makes you think twice and I understand that and Jerry we are very empathetic to that. With regards to fresh beef, yes, haven’t spoken so much about this because we are in roll out stage, we are converting a lot of our facilities around the country in order to meet the demand when we go to national launch which should be around May-June tie. So, we really completed the first full wave. We probably have now 2,000 to 3,000 restaurants, which now have the fresh beef or quarter pounders and our signature range. And clearly, we have a phased rollout for the next two to three months. But the feedback we are getting is clearly unique diligence in the operational training in order to get our grill teams familiar with the new procedures, but once they are embedded by crew members are very tactful they learn very quickly. I mean the other -- it's mostly encouraging feedback we are getting is from customers who just love the taste of the fresh beef and the quarter pounder. So, we are getting unsolicited feedback from customers on a notable improvement, so again that just gives further encouragement as we roll this out in the next two, three months.
Steve Easterbrook: Yes, just before I close just to add to Kevin's last comment. Just not to lose sight, the fact is our operating business is still the massive generator of cash and there's no doubt tax reform provides an encouraging help post for our owner/operators and ourselves but growing the business is going to be the primary source of cash growth going forward and that's where we remain focused.  So just to close up I just want to reiterate our philosophy strategy is working and we really do have high expectations for McDonald's in 2018. We've got strong leadership team and a great commitment and are live over the franchisees, supply partners and employees who make up the three nuggets store the McDonald's system. So, we got great confidence about where we're going to take our business this year and look forward to sharing that with you as we progress, thanks very much.
Kevin Ozan: Thanks, Steve. By all measures our strong performance in 2017 shows that we have momentum. Enabling us to drive our business innovate and invest in our growth so we can compete effectively in today's globally marketplace. Our comp sales performance is a significant achievement in soft global markets and on top of strong prior year results.  Comp sales in guest counts were positive across all of our operating segments with overall results driven by strong performances in the U.S., the UK, Japan, Canada and China. U.S. comp sales increased 4.5% for the quarter compared with the rest of the QSR sandwich competitor set which was relatively flat.  Comp sales for the international lead segment rose 6% with positive results throughout that segment. High growth comp sales increased 4% led by China's strong performance along with positive results across the segments European markets partly offset by some near-term challenges in South Korea.  In foundational markets comps were up 8% in addition to Japan's strong performance comps were positive in each of the segment's geographic regions. I also want to mention that starting with fourth quarter 2017 comparable sales in our foundational segments and on a consolidated basis have been adjusted to exclude the impact of Venezuela due to its hyperinflationary status and the significant impact that it had on the fourth quarter. We recap the comp sales for the first three quarters of 2017 to exclude Venezuela and reflected those in the earnings release to provide comparable amount.  As we move into 2018 we will continue to direct our efforts and resources towards driving the convenience and menu innovation that will help maintain this topline momentum.  On a reported basis earnings per share for the quarter declined 40% to $0.87. These results include a onetime net tax cost of approximately $700 million for the impact of U.S. tax reform. The $700 million net cost consist of 1.2 billion of cost for the deemed repatriation of our undistributed foreign earnings partly offset by a benefit of $500 million for the revaluation of our differed tax assets and liabilities to the lower U.S. tax rate. Excluding the impact of tax reform diluted earnings per share increased 19% to $1.71, reflecting strong comp sales, G&A savings, a reversal of a tax valuation allowance in Japan and a 27% tax rate. This tax rate was lower than expected because of tax law changes in some countries outside the U.S. in the fourth quarter. We ended 2017 with franchise restaurant representing 92% of our total restaurant base, up from 81% three years ago. As a result, franchise margins now comprise more than 80% of our total restaurant margin dollars. For the fourth quarter franchise margin dollars increased across all segments reflecting sales driven performance and the shift to a more heavily franchise system. The franchise margin percent in the U.S. remained flat, due to higher depreciation cost related to our rollout of experience to the future. Our company operated restaurant base now consists of a little over 3,000 locations, spread across the U.S. international lead and high growth segments. The U.S. and international lead markets accounts for about 75% of the company operated margin dollars.  For fourth quarter, consolidated company operated margins improved 40 basis points primarily due to our refranchising efforts. Company operated margins in the U.S. declined 150 basis points, due to higher labor costs which reflected both wage pressures and our continued investments and deployments of our key initiatives along with higher commodity costs.  Commodity costs in the U.S. for the fourth quarter were up a little over 1.5% versus last year while our full year U.S. grocery basket increased 60 basis points. In terms of menu pricing our fourth quarter pricing was up 3% year-over-year, which was above food away from home inflation of 2.5%. The menu price increases we took in the fourth quarter were part of our broader strategic pricing reset of the menu board ahead of the launch of our $1, $2, $3 menu in early January. By the end of the first quarter this year we expect our pricing to be back below food away from home inflation. For the international lead markets commodity costs were up about 3% for the fourth quarter and 2% for the year, with menu prices up about 2% year-over-year. G&A for the year was down 7% in constant currencies, in line with the guidance we provided at the start of the year. I'll put these things in the perspective relative to our G&A savings target in a few minutes when I review our updated outlook for 2018. Finally, other operating income increased nearly $60 million for the quarter, primarily due to the one-time reversal of the valuation allowance in Japan that I mentioned earlier.
Kevin Ozan: Okay, Andrew. I'll try and hit all of them, if I forget something you'll remind me, but let me start with the capital. So, you're right when we talked about it at Investor Day back on March 1st, we expected that it would take several years to complete the experience of the future roll out in the US.  We've now taken the opportunity with the momentum we have and with the operators on board so effectively just pull that forward some. So, what you'll see is a total capital envelop of around $2.4 billion in 2018. You should expect a relatively similar amount in 2019.  My guess is there will be a little left over in 2020 I hesitate to say it'll be completely done in '19 but it should be significantly completed by the end of 2019. And then probably beginning in 2021 would be the ongoing normal run rate which right now absent anything new that we know about would be in that 1.2 to 1.3 billion range. So that's how I think of kind of evolution of the capital, it isn't spending more than we originally anticipated it's just moving forward the spends that we're able to complete the EotF projects quicker.  Same with that investment is as you referred to our 55% hasn't changed, it's just accelerating the timing of some of those projects but our contribution rates, the partnering program we have is consistent with what we talked about. So that hasn't changed, again it’s just the timing aspect we'll be able to get the projects done quicker than we originally anticipated.
Kevin Ozan: It's a fair comment because historically we have always set kind of a normal inflationary environment that a 2% to 3% comp would maintain margins. I think clearly today the 2 to 3 isn't enough mainly because of labor pressures. For us it's both on the cost side as well as we are investing in labor to make sure that we deploy all these initiatives in the right way. on the operator side it certainly we have the wage pressures. Having said all that their cash flow is still doing pretty well right now so, in the U.S. they are near all-time high cash flow so they are able to still invest in the business and move forward will all these EotF projects that we need them to do. So, while there is additional pressure because of labor, the fact that we are growing guest counts and growing account sales is affording the operators with the cash flow that they need to be able to appropriately invest in the business. 
Kevin Ozan: The only other thing I would reiterate is we have talked about our conscious efforts to invest in some of this labor in the near term. so, some of that investment in our labor as far as to make sure we deploy all these initiatives is a near term phenomenon that we would expect for another couple of quarters but shouldn’t be ongoing then forever if you will.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, I would speak a little more to delivery. I am not going to give any precise commercial information, that wouldn’t be sensible. But I'd like to talk about platforms of growth. We believe we have 5, 6, 7 platforms of growth all working at the same time. Delivery is one of those. So, it's now featuring as a meaningful contributor to the overall sales build we have in the market. We did a really good job at rapidly rolling out delivery across -- well globally but also across the US and we ended with around 5000 restaurants with UberEATS here in the US. So, we got a two-pronged approach for 2018. One is to continue to expand but it won't be at the same rate because we're looking at major cities and open areas and we hit a good number of those early and clearly, we can only expand at the rate that the UberEATS coverage will offer as well.  But I mean we have a, have a great opportunity to actually just be aware of this and the usage from a customer perspective, the US is a little behind in terms of guest counts but the number of other established markets. so again, what we are doing is kind of the stuff you'd expect us to do for some great best practice sharing, what is it that's driving such high take up in markets like the UK, Australia increasingly so Canada. We're getting some great results also out of Netherlands, out of our growing businesses in Spain and Italy as well. So, we believe we can get the adoption and frequency to increase in the restaurants that are already offering delivery and we will just generally expand that number across the US as the UberEATS coverage expands. In terms of the franchisee, clearly is a different margin dynamic because there's a fee element that we pay to the provider through UberEATS which compensates for the fact that we don't have some hire drivers, run cars, have all the insurance cost, all the complexity and the complication of that, so that's kind of clearly the consideration balance we have to make. But the reality is this is, we're seeing the vast proportion of this is incremental business. And as long as that business stays incremental then we get an incremental dollar profit as well. It will be a lower margin percent but it's incremental dollars which is ultimately what we're aiming for and frankly we believe we had a bit of a jump on the market here as well with us by leveraging the size and scale. We will find ourselves very high up if you were to go on to UberEATS in many of the markets now, we'll be one of the early recommended restaurants just because the operation that we run now we can actually get from order to delivery in under 30 minutes pretty much everywhere we are which puts us right at the head of the pack in terms of the convenience that we offer customers.
Kevin Ozan: I'll start with the G&A. So yes, it was conscious that we took out the 5% to 10%. I guess just to reiterate some of the things I said we have been focused on both savings G&A and shifting some of our spend from maintenance to areas that grow the business.  The way I -- our overall philosophy is to achieve savings as far away as possible from the areas of the business that directly impact our customers. So that’s where we have been focused. We have realized that we are going to need to continue to invest in technology and digital in order to keep up with where the world is going and our customers' expectations. So, we're going to comment to the $500 million but not commit to anything past that.  We do look at a variety of G&A measures both internally and externally to compare with our peers so we look at G&A as a percent of sales, we look at G&A as a percent of operating income, because effectively the G&A is incurred to grow sales and operating income and I'm not a 100% sure that everyone in the industry classifies all the cost exactly the same way so to me the ultimate measure is looking at operating margin, kind of how efficient are you at bringing revenues down at the bottom line.  So, we look at all those measures to ensure that we are spending our cost efficiently, we're going to continue our financial discipline. I think over the long term we would expect that our G&A would be at or below 2% of sales but for now we're going to commit to the 500 and just keep reevaluating and keep our discipline.  Related to the labor cost. It's very early days and each of us is working on the programs that we are building for the benefit of our people so it's no immediate impact we can see but overall, I would say that the fight for talent continues, it's going to get increasingly challenging to attract the talent you want into your business and then you go to work really hard through training and development to retain them. so, the local level owner/operators company restaurants clearly want to stay competitive on pay but also want to differentiate ourselves through the program such as our trace of opportunities which we are looking to significantly enhance the benefits to our employees from that and also broaden the accessibility beyond the U.S. into a global program as well because we want to make sure that all of our people around the world stand to benefit. So, we remain very close to it and that's actually one of the advantages of a franchising organization such as ours is that when owner/operator is close to the market as they are very swift to adapt to the changing marketplace. 
Kevin Ozan: Let met talk about I guess the various pieces of written on capital that you mentioned since you hit them all. That's a board decision, we will review with them kind of ongoing we didn’t have a new discussion right now related to changing dividend kind of as quick reactions to tax reforms but we certainly will have those discussions as the year progresses in our normal course. I don’t know that a tax reform in of itself changes dramatically the way we think overall about dividends. we've been committed to dividends for over 40 years, well we're still committed strongly to dividends. We do look at things like payout ratio and so we will continue to look at just as a guide we don’t have a set target but we will continue to look at payout ratio to help inform that decision. We did as you indicated even with our acceleration of CapEx for 2018 and 2019 we're still comfortable in indicating that we'll return about a $24 billion to shareholders through 2019 which was at the top end of our range.  Leverage ratios you know I think the rating agencies are still working through some of how to look at tax reform and how to think about their model for us right now. We continue to believe that we're at the appropriate credit ratings so we don't have a plan to change our credit rating. That gives us a little bit of room plus or minus in any given year and so as we think about returning it does imply a potentially a little bit you know little bit flexibility in adding some debt and as I indicated our priority still is the same, the first priority is clearly to invest in the business for growth and then we'll consider dividend and share buyback.
