Kathy Martin: Hello, everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on the call today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Thompson; our Chief Financial Officer, Pete Bensen; and Chief Operating Officer, Tim Fenton who is joining us for Q&A. Today’s conference call is being webcast live and recorded for replay by phone, webcast, and podcast. Before I turn it over to Don, I want to remind everyone that the forward-looking statements in our earnings release and 8-K filing also apply to our comments. Both documents are available at www.investor.mcdonalds.com, as are reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures mentioned on today’s call with their corresponding GAAP measures. Now, I’d like to turn it over to Don. 
Kathy Martin: Thanks Pete. I’m going to now open the call for analyst and investor questions. (Operator Instructions). Again we will try to give as many people possible the opportunity to ask questions. So if you can try to limit yourself to one we will get back to you for a follow-up as time allows. Our first question is from Brian Bittner from Oppenheimer. 
Kathy Martin: All right we’re running a little low on time, we’re getting close. So we’re going to take a couple more. Next is Andy Barish from Jefferies. 
Don Thompson: We really believe Brian the strategic areas that we need to focus on to grow this business into the future. Those are somewhat consistent and we still have opportunities and those being around our menu and the menu being relevant really enhancing the customer experience and you guys know quite a bit about the execution focus and getting back to a stronger customer relationship this year as well as accessibility and affordability. Those areas are the right strategies; this affordability aspect is a very, very key component of our growth as we move forward. So we think we’re in the right area with those strategies. The key is going to really be to reestablished the trust of customers. When we look across the broader range that is one of the consistent things that we see and that means basic execution at a restaurant level market engagement at a much stronger level and also to make sure that our menu is relevant. There are some other aspects of that that we have talked about being digital engagement, we have really not played in that arena in a strong way and clearly you all know based upon them and some of our conversations that our intent is to be much stronger with regard to our digital outreach and digital engagement focus. So we’re focused really, you mentioned macro-economics. We’re focused on those things within our control to drive our performance. This is going to be a market share battle and a market share battle gain in order for us to move the business but we believe we have the right strategies and the right focus at local levels in the markets to achieve the goals that we have. One of the things we have all discussed is that we got to really get back to a much stronger focus on what we call 5P execution. When we talked about the plan of win, people, product, place, price, promotion. Those five areas we have got to make sure that we’re maxing out our execution strategies for whatever initiative that we implement in any market around the world. That’s going to help us create that relevance again with our customer. So those focal points along with the priority focused on the key markets that we know we have challenges in and an even stronger fashion which Tim and teams are doing. I believe will get us the growth that we need not only for the current year but as we move forward Brian. 
Don Thompson: Yes, John thanks much for the question. Let’s go back to how we view and look at performance and some of the data and what we actually see. If we look in the U.S. particularly, one of the things that we see today is a bit of a bifurcation on a consumer base. So some of the fast casuals are performing a bit better and customers are skewing that way a little bit more as a result of a bit more discretionary income and that economic class of individuals. So we also know that those customers that tend to come to us are fairing quite as well in the current economy in the U.S. Having said that, what we have to do John in the near term is focus on the value base, focus on some of the things that we know are going to be critical in terms of the execution of our menu. I am going to ask Tim in a moment to kind of speak a little bit to the key markets, because I don’t want to just pass over that too briefly. There are a lot of opportunities we feel we have in the key markets. So Tim will give an update there. Relative to looking at things like refranchising, opportunities. We’re constantly looking at that John and yes we do have a longer term plan relative to where we refranchise and opportunities there along with optimizing the portfolio in our major markets. G&A wise we are continuously looking at that and clearly as a pay for performance culture we don’t perform as Pete mentioned the incentive based compensation in that part of G&A comes down. There are other areas that we reduce G&A and it's because we’re continuing to focus on some strategic changes to our structures and our efficiency and effectiveness. So we’re going to continue to look at those areas but I will tell you we have to be customer relevant. The way to drive the business is going to be through the top line growth which means the execution in the restaurant it means the product focus that we have and it means the way that we’re addressing customers and engaging them. So with that Tim if you wouldn’t mind speak a little bit to some of the key markets that you see and opportunities. 
Don Thompson: Hey Joe if I might you know one thing and I have mentioned this in the comments to get back to a stronger relationship with customers. to be very honest extra-value menu while a very solid attempt was based in mining out additional profitability, the consumer part of that from a consumer benefit was not as strong as Dollar Menu and More. Dollar Menu and More is customer focused, customer based builds out to core equity and yields that value the customers in that way. Extra-value menu was really a reformulation of certain products adding some others just to build profitability. So this is what we mean by getting closer and getting back to a strong relationship with the customers. 
Don Thompson: And then we got to tie those together David to your point we have got to tie the marketing messages and awareness into driving this. That’s one of things that you are referenced quite a bit when you talk about coffee. We referenced PR, marketing and the operational pieces together to drive that category and we will do it again. 
Don Thompson: I think Tim mentioned some of the things that are taken place in Germany right now and I believe that, you know what’s different about Germany aspect is that this we had a refocusing before. We put something’s in place that were customer focus. We only executed them for shorter period of time and we pulled them out. I think that’s been a lot of learning’s relative to what we should do in Germany along with the fact that whenever you execute a “best practice” it can’t be adopted. It has to be adapted which is also the difference between McBaguette and Casse Croute. So relative to Germany that’s one of the things that we knew we had to be able to do. France, I want to echo a comment I made around cautiously optimistic. I think our French team as are we; we have seen some a trend, a positive results. France is still an economy that’s got some troubles to it. There is a VAT increase that I mentioned, we also have some, there is some decisions that will be made soon relative to the French government from a social charge and austerity based prospective. We will have to take a look at, we hope that it will stimulate the economy which will be good for everyone but right now France is still at a point where the 2014 IEO projection is to be down 10 basis points and so it is not a market that is come out yet but we have seen some positive things and in the face of all of those our teams have done a fabulous job. Southern Europe is an area that still has some challenges. And those are macroeconomic challenges. And we just got to make sure we maintained relevance in that area. So Europe as we always say, Europe is not a country. And so when you divide it across the various segments, we see some positive areas and then we see some areas that are still difficult. So we are optimistically looking at performance across Europe, but there are still some challenges there. 
Don Thompson: Hi Howard. I will take the piece on internal expectations and I’ll let Tim to talk more about the high density kitchen and impact on operations. But when we say internal expectations, we have clearly a business case for each and every individual initiative that we implement. We have certain criteria that we establish whether that be based upon guest count growth, it might be sales growth, profitability aspects. So we look at those business cases and we have internal expectations set around certain targets. We also have expectations set around the overall accretive nature of an initiative to the broader business. And so when we look as we measure whether or not something was effective and whether or not we are successful we measured against those internal criteria. You guys typically hear us talk about the consolidation of all of the initiatives, which then roll up into an incremental benefit in a comp sales or something that might be associated with our operating income at a total level. 
Don Thompson: Well, in the U.S. last month in fourth quarter, we had I guess a higher competition as it pertains to value and discounts and so on. And I would say maybe a little bit more in China in the fourth quarter and maybe specifically in Australia, but it’s a very competitive market out there, lot of price going on and it’s a fight for market share. It’s a street fight and we are getting at it. 
Don Thompson: Well China specifically they got as an industry hit the QSR and ideal [ph] with the chicken situation that happened in December of 2012 and then the rehit of the Avian influenza and a downturn in just the macroeconomics. Something not unlike what we saw back in 2008 we bounced back in 2009 and 2010 and ’11. So we in China specifically we stick to our strategy. We feel we have got a sound strategy; we’re being strategic on our openings. We are being strategic on our menu pricing and our points of distribution.  
Don Thompson: As we looked at the margins over the last couple of years actually just recently looking at a kind of a detailed breakdown by quarter-by-quarter by the line items. One thing that was consistent across the years is that you know the cost pressures kind of in general were in a fairly tight range. It wasn’t a huge spike one way or the other, absent commodities which could have more of a significant impact but they weren’t a significant driver of the margin decline as much as the variation in the top line. And I know we sound a bit like a broken record, but the importance of driving comps in our business to margin profitability is so important and then getting back to that relationship with the customer, improving our relevance is going to lead to that improving top line, which then has that margin flow-through benefit and restaurant level cash flow growth, it’s really the key to getting the economic engine moving in the right direction again. 
Don Thompson: Hi, Keith. I am going to speak to (indiscernible) and I will ask Pete to speak to the other part. The notion of accelerating reinvestment, one of the things that we found across the business and history has dictated to us is that you have to have a balanced focus as we grow the business. So one of the reasons that you haven’t seen us just say we are going to put all of our dollars right into China and let’s just go hard, because we also have other emerging markets that we also want to grow and we want to grow consistently. By growing consistently, it allows us to build up the associated infrastructure from a supply chain perspective, the talent that we need to manage the market and build out the real estate development as well as our ability to be able to put dollars into market and create awareness within those markets to build comparable sales to be able to be a sustaining business model. And so as we look at some of the areas around our capital investment and deployment, we want to be balanced and measured. If it’s something like a kitchen based reinvestment, there is a pace that you can’t go at in the restaurant and at the same time make sure that you are maintaining the penultimate focus, which is to focus on customer satisfaction and expectations. If we change all of the market at one time and went out and got a bunch of general contractors, what we would find is that we would lessen our ability to satisfy customers and we wouldn’t spread out these activities and execute and affect the plan. So this is one of the reasons you guys talk about we will have a moderate and a steady pace, but on a base as large as ours, our steady pace is pretty aggressive for other people. And so this is the reason we say that. There are some other implications than Pete to probably talk about a couple of those from a financial perspective. 
Don Thompson: So once again, thanks everyone for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate that and we appreciate your interest in McDonald’s. Our confidence in our brand and the competitive advantages of our systems are truly a reflection of our ability to learn from our past, to be quite purposeful and agile in the present conditions and environments that we operate in and strategically plan and evolve with our customers as we look to the future. As we mentioned from the onset we are confident in the McDonald’s business and we’re confident that we have the right information, data and business acumen to address the key markets and the other opportunities that we have going forward. So thank you all once again and have a great day.
Pete Bensen: Alright, Matt, I will give it a shot. China as you mentioned, we saw both. Our comparable stores did have a decline in margin as well as the impact of the new restaurants coming online although that impact of the new restaurants was less than it was a year ago. And as I think the excess you listened or we are at our investor conference, you heard Dave Hoffmann talk about some of the initiatives they have underway with their go-to-market strategy to look at bringing cost out of that development, the new development there, which will further lessen the impact of the new openings on the margins going forward there. So that piece of it is moving in the right direction, but as you mentioned, China as well as all the markets around the world, margins are a top line game. And to the extent that we aren’t driving the comp sales that we need there, the margins will continue to be a little bit pressured. In the U.S., specifically U.S. around the kitchen equipment, but more broadly, one of the positives, if you will, out of the fourth quarter was we saw some margin benefit from the dollar menu and more pricing aspect. So we did see a little bit of positive impact to the chef there. As we rolled this new kitchen equipment out, it’s going to have a couple of different impacts. One obviously some of what we have talked a lot is design to improve our throughput, improve our order accuracy, offer more choice and variety to the consumer. So from that standpoint, obviously that’s a – should be a positive for the business. It’s on the negative side of that so to speak. It will be additional investment. It will have additional depreciation associated with that some additional training. So in and of itself it’s not a one single piece that’s going to make or break the margins next year. We will continue to see commodity pressure. We had about 14 states raise minimum wage here effective January 1 with others making noise about doing the same thing, commodities, healthcare costs. So costs will continue to be a challenge for us in 2014 as we think about the margins. 
Pete Bensen: I will tell you what, David, what I would do is I talk to a part of this and I want Tim to talk a little bit to the operations piece of it, because that’s a big part too. So again and I know it’s going to sound like Don, you continue to mention the same thing, but I am going to go back to customer relevance. In the U.S., one of the challenges we have is we have lost some of our customer relevance and we have lost it across several parts of the day. So relative to the breakfast part which Tim just mentioned, this notion on coffee is not just about coffee, it’s about our breakfast business. Coffee too is a big part of the lead for breakfast, but we have great tasting food. If we lose relevance in coffee, then we are going to lose the transaction which yields food purchase. And so we have got to make sure that the food is relevant and that the awareness around McDonald’s as a kitchen and a restaurant that cooks and prepares fresh high-quality food is strong and pronounced in our marketing and our messaging. So we have got to get back to that on food. We have got to get back to an energy and excitement in our marketing balance in the execution of it. And that’s something that all of us have noted, Jeff Stratton and the team in the U.S. have noted. And you have seen some of the changes, which again Tim can update you on relative to even personnel changes in the U.S. So that’s one of the specifics in the U.S. that I could speak to. We talked about value, but Tim maybe on this operations front, because that’s another big one. 
Pete Bensen: And just to add, Jeff, the IEO projections are really modest going forward, the UK plus 50 basis points and Germany plus 50 to 80 basis points. 
Pete Bensen: In talking about margins the fourth quarter actually did exceed our own internal expectations when we started the quarter. So if you recall I gave some guidance that imply we expected margins to be down a little bit more in the fourth quarter than they really were and if you look as we look at the reasons for that it was really France and Russia outperformed in the fourth quarter relative to their initial expectations and actually Germany didn’t decline as much as they had originally expected. So Europe was a big piece of that but also the U.S. as I alluded to earlier some of the check benefit that we got from the Dollar Menu and More in the two months it was in was to the positive side as a ledger and also their cost came in just slightly under where they had expected for the quarter. So it was a combination of factors in different markets that led to that. When we think about 2014, you know food away from home projection of 2.5% to 3.5% the reason I said in my remarks that we expect an update shortly is with the commodity trends and everything else that’s going on. That number might come down a little bit. Now certainly it does also include labor in the restaurants and I mentioned minimum wage increases in 14 states is a piece of impacting that as well but right now we’re going to continue to monitor that indices. We’re also going to look at food at home again that only grew 40 basis points this year. I doubt it will grow 2.5% to 3.5% which is the current forecast based on where commodity trends are but at the end of the day we’re going to look at the pricing as we always do to try to balance growing traffic in the restaurants but also looking at profitability all through that screen that Don mentioned of continuing to improve our relevance with our customers and value is also one area to where relevance to customers matters. 
Pete Bensen: Yes, Keith. I mean, it is much less about the capital, because as you know, we have the ability to throw more at it, but you alluded to operational, it is sequencing and getting these things done in a way, it takes a lot of planning and resources both internal and external contractors to change out the kitchen equipment in 14,000 restaurants around the U.S. So all of the time and energy you need to focus on that to the extent you also try to focus on accelerating re-imaging and a lot of the same kind of contractors or internal people, are needed for both types of projects, you do start to dilute the effect and not get the desired outcome. In addition, we have over 2,000 franchisees in the U.S. So this has to also be done through them considering their individual capacity, their individual cash flows their individual organization strengths. So while I agree with you on paper, it sounds like going faster could be a quicker path to getting some of these relevancy issues dealt with that Don mentioned. The reality and practical nature of a large franchise system with somewhat limited resources in terms of the competencies to work on these kind of projects gets us to kind of the pace that we are adding. And to Don’s point, I think it is a fairly aggressive pace in and of itself. 
Tim Fenton: Key markets that we’re looking at, obviously the U.S., Germany, Japan and relatively new leadership in the U.S., Germany and Japan as well and each team is focused on making those adjustments necessary to regain the momentum. Specifically in the U.S., energizing consumer messaging and market execution. We stumbled a little bit last year with too many new products, too fast and create a lot of complexity. As we mentioned in November reestablishing our breakfast with a lot of emphasis on beverage and coffee. We know that coffee drives the visits at our breakfast time and I guess one of the biggest things that we’re looking at and U.S. is focusing on peak hour execution. That goes hand in hand with the enhancements of our prep table. It gives us more capacity in those peak hours and of course menu choice. In Germany, we’re going to focus on fewer but better tactics built around deeper insights behind what really addresses Germany’s needs. We are responding to the café and bakery, it really kind of impacted McDonald’s affordability and relevance by introducing such products as the McBaguette fulfill that price point gap. And of course strengthening our value program and focus more on core and continuing to push breakfast even though it is a low base it is growing for us there. Japan taking steps that we frame what the brand represents to our customers and repositioning the markets affordability strategy. We can’t go head to head with the 45000 convenient stores on price alone we realize that. So we really have to put emphasis on our hospitality a new menu news, both new and core. 
Tim Fenton: First of all if you look back at 2012 we had extra-value menu, we had extra-value meals plus we had Dollar Menu. Rather confusing not only to our customers but actually kind of confusing to us. With the Dollar Menu and More it's meeting our expectations during the test. It was designed to really stretch out our products of variety and give us flexibility in pricing. It's simpler, it's easier. It's only been in stores for a couple of months and the couple of months was through the holiday period. We’re seeing slight gains in guest counts and of course as Pete mentioned earlier it's margin friendly. So far so far so good, and it was a good transition and evolution for where we had to go with our value menus and dollar menu. 
Tim Fenton: One of the things we did last year David, we overcomplicated the restaurants. If you remember, we introduced McWraps, we introduced Egg White Delight, we introduced Quarter Pounder Toppers and really didn’t give the restaurants an opportunity to breathe. We instituted a gatekeeper really with the intent of doing fewer products, but better execution. We mentioned a little bit earlier the capacity on the prep table that allows us really to have more capacity during our peak hours, where we haven’t been able to particularly in some of our drive-through restaurants service quickly and fulfill the capacity that we wanted, so fewer products, better. One other thing and you talk about insights and I want to mention Jeremy, historically, we lost some share based on our insights to non-traditional competitors, cafés and bakeries. At the same time, when we were pulling off some of our value offerings, bakery stepped up with value offerings and some of our trade went to non-traditional QSRs, as I said, bakeries and cafés. We have learned about that. We are designing our strategy to how we can go back to mitigate that, but that’s a deeper understanding of consumer insights market by market by market. 
Tim Fenton: Yes. I will make one comment on the marketing piece and there is – again there is another capacity piece to this. On the marketing end, David, you are right, one of the things that we have done and actually we didn’t do it nearly and strongly with Made for You back in 1998. We implemented Made for You, but we really didn’t come out with a strong marketing campaign that was correlated to it. We have individual markets that didn’t start to benefit, but we didn’t hit it as strong. To that point, even today, customers don’t realize to the greatest extent that at McDonald’s we are making that sandwich, preparing that in the back of the house after you place that order. What does this mean? It means that there is a notion of that again that relationship and the awareness the customers have about who we really are as McDonald’s and what we are able to deliver in that kitchen which is a customized sandwich for you. It's something that we really need to be able to advance in our marketing messages more now. Challenges has been there has been a little concern as to whether or not and how hard we can go with that messaging if we didn’t think we had more capacity headroom. So with that in mind we have done some things with the kitchen and Tim maybe a little bit high density. 
Tim Fenton: Yeah well the high density UHC cabinets we have allows us more capacity and the prep table enhancements not only gives us flexibility and customization with other toppings it gives us the capacity and some of the existing products that we had that we had not to get really operationally technically but we had a cross over and replenishing during peak hours was the last thing you want to do but with the refrigerated rail that we’re adding and we should have this all into the system between the May - June timeframe. It is all just some flexibility with different variety of the toppings, jalapenos, avocado, (indiscernible) and different spice sauces if you will. There is a lot of flexibility and more customization. So it's capacity on existing, it gives us flexibility for new products and new toppings as we go forward. 
Tim Fenton: That’s another priority that we have and in fact our (indiscernible) is right now working with all of our operators on just that. Staffing, positioning and scheduling as far as putting the right people on it at the right time particularly during our peak hours. We have to have the additional staffing required for some of the complexity that we have. That was I think one of the stumbling’s we had last year with all the new products we brought in all at the same time or within close proximity. So definitely it is a priority for us and beefing up staff and particular on peak hours and weekends. 
Tim Fenton: Howard, on the capacity, anytime during our peak hours, if I can keep people in place and not have their feet moving to restock or to get something else or have crossed over last year, we deleted angus it’s a slow moving product for us. So we are working with two proteins and a beef in the kitchen. When I can have the capacity in the prep table, well people don’t have to move, I am just putting different toppings on. You have got the protein coming down the prep table like an assembly line if you will and we are just adding different condiments on. And again, monitoring the pace and the rate of new products that we bring and giving our crews and management ample time to train and get used to before we switch it up and change it on. 
