James A. Skinner: Thank you, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. As you know, I recently announced my retirement after 41 years with McDonald's and almost 8 years as CEO. The time was right for me to make this decision as our business continues to be very strong.  For the quarter, comparable sales were up 7.3%; operating income increased 9% in constant currencies; and EPS reached $1.23, an 8% increase in constant currencies. Our system is aligned and focused and we have an outstanding leader in Don to step in and continue our momentum. I'm extremely confident in Don and his leadership team, and I know the business is in very capable hands. I also know that our system of outstanding operators, suppliers and employees will continue working together to drive our results. And let me say it's been a pleasure working with all of you in the investment community over these years. I appreciate your continued engagement and your interest our business, as well as your thoughtfulness when you put together your viewpoints and your assessment of McDonald's. I wish you all well. And with that, I'll turn it over to Don to discuss the quarter's results around the world.
James A. Skinner: I think margins, as you know, Andy, are a top line game, and this is all about generating more traffic through the leveraging of our everyday affordability, which Don had mentioned in terms of getting ourselves in the appropriate position and putting the muscle behind it in marketing, particularly in Germany and France. And we think that, that will be beneficial as the traffic increases and the top line grows into the future. And so we don't really look at that as having a significant impact on margins relative to anything we do on everyday affordability.
James A. Skinner: Yes, John. Jim Skinner. Just make a couple of comments on that. First of all, the employment environment, based on yesterday's number, is actually getting a little worse instead of getting a little bit better in terms of jobless claims. And it's been fairly flat. We're at that 8% unemployment or better -- or worse, I should say, 8.3%, whatever that number is. And the consumer confidence has gone up some, but I think that's just because people are sort of worn-out over the overall economic issues and how it's impacting them personally. And so they're just in a place of normalcy now relative to this entire issue on the economy and savings and eating at home and eating away from home. And that environment, as you know, has continued to operate about the same as it has been. And so our philosophy around pricing and menu and Dollar Menu and all of those things that Don talked about earlier has remained the same. We really haven't changed our strategy around that. We always have to have everyday affordability, the best in the business, at McDonald's. That's been our mantra really since 2002 and the advent of the Dollar Menu. And then obviously, the introduction of new menu items and snack items and what we call that fourth-tier area. So there's really not been a change regarding that. And the traffic has continued to be fairly robust in the U.S. around that for our restaurants. And we continued, as you know, to take share in the U.S. against the competitive set.
Donald Thompson: Yes. Relative to Europe, David, we have had -- we have ongoing conversations with all the markets, not just those in Europe, but relative to what's happening in a broader business environment and how we are faring. One of the things that we've seen thus far is we continue to gain market share across Europe. And so we know that despite some of the IEO growth or lack thereof, we continue to appeal to consumers and customers across-the-board. Now what we've done, particularly in France and Germany, is we have had some, as you would imagine, more aggressive conversations around how we position our value menus and value offerings. In Germany, they've done some things with their basic value menu, which we call SMS. They made some changes there, as well as they, the franchisees, are considering other things that they might want to do to continue the momentum that we've had relative to market share gains. However, I will say consumer confidence is still one of the things we monitor across Europe, inclusive of Germany and France. In France, we have a great opportunity to better leverage our P'tits Plaisirs platform. So you can probably imagine that we will continue to do that, as well as look for other opportunities to continue to move forward the menu and provide good price value. So those are some of the things we're doing there. Just one touch point, and Jim mentioned several things and he's kept us very focused, as you all can imagine, on consistency in terms of how we run the business. So when you mentioned some of the competitors in the U.S. also, we continue to watch our gain there as well. In the U.S., we're up 60 basis points in terms of market share, which is really, really strong growth. And Jan Fields and her team are doing a great job there, as well we continue to have a positive sales comp gap. And so those things are things we also measure to ensure that we're doing the right thing for our customers.
Donald Thompson: David, thanks much. And thanks for the recognition, both of Jim and myself. I'll tell you a couple of different things. One is we have already begun some of the planning. Some of these things were implemented before, and we just have to change some of our marketing emphasis, i.e. in Germany, relative to the value platform. France already had P'tits Plaisirs. However, it does end up being a marketing GRP visibility and awareness play more so than anything else, because we've got the tools and the arsenal already, which is good. We can just lever them up. Now here's the other thing I would say relative to Europe, and you asked about do we think it will continue. Europe, the first quarter had a lot of different pieces in it. Clearly, we had the 200-year weather cycle, which was a negative impact. We have the positive impact of things like bank holidays. We have a lot of moving parts. However, we know that the underlying thing that we have to do is have good price value across-the-board while consumers are facing some confidence issues due to austerity measures, and then some of the other things such as pension issues in the U.K. and taxes and VAT increases across-the-board. So we do have many plans already in place. There are some new things we will put in place, but the biggest part is just how we shift our marketing to enhance the value messaging and awareness.
Donald Thompson: Jeff, the other part of this one, too, is we -- and Pete mentioned this. We really look at food-away-from-home as our primary metric relative to how we establish our strategic pricing. We look at food-at-home, it's kind of -- because we can't price the food-at-home because it's too much more -- it's too volatile. It swings up and down so much more aggressively. So we look at food-away-from-home primarily. But what food-at-home tells us is whether or not we may be seeing additional pressures relative to, say, a breakfast daypart. And so that allows us to adjust some of our marketing and our value messaging appropriately.
Donald Thompson: And, John, relative to the new Extra Value Menu, it fits within an overall price value strategy that we continue to move forward. As we look at commodity pressures clearly, we understand that there are certain aspects of the Dollar Menu that are tougher relative to cash flow and margin accretion. So what we've looked to do with the new Extra Value Menu is to have some opportunity to bring some products down to a lower level price, i.e. the 20-piece McNugget, which are really compelling and shareable offer to customers. But at the same time, we also know that this will highlight and emphasize products like the Snack Wraps, which are accretive to building the margin. So it's a combination of both longer-term, we know that we want to keep the Dollar Menu intact. However, you may see some changes within the menu and some of those products may change just a little bit. We'll rotate some new ones in possibly and some may rotate out. But we're going to make sure we continue to have great value for customers across-the-board, but you may see some changes in terms of the overall value menu strategies.
Donald Thompson: Matt, I would say, first of all, relative to France, I wouldn't say that France is one of the stronger performing areas today. I think they're going through some serious consumer confidence issues, and we're also seeing a lessened discretionary spending. There's some concerns in the marketplace relative to austerity measures. Having said that, we continue to perform and continue to grow market share. And that's the point. And when the IEO is contracting or slowing down, our focus becomes how we can continue to grow market share and maintain a larger base of customers. And so we're going to continue to do that in France. Portugal is a very interesting area relative to the 10% VAT increase they had there, going from 13 to 23 percentile. We have done a lot of work with our franchisees there to make sure that we maintain a great price value component in the overall strategy. Now what that means in the short term is that in a small market like Portugal, we may have some decreased margins. But in the longer-term, we'll secure the customer base and we'll build the business as we move forward, so -- but things like that are happening, whether it be Portugal. It's happened in Hungary, Romania before. But these are smaller markets.
Donald Thompson: Sarah, this is Don. A couple of things. I think a very astute comment relative to Europe or France today versus the U.S. a couple of years ago. And actually, I'd even go back to the 2008 time frame, 2008, 2009. They are quite similar in that what we did then was we put much more emphasis on our value messaging from a marketing perspective. We made the value offerings more prominent in the restaurant, and that definitely helped us secure what I will call those customers who had decreased discretionary dollars, and they continued to come into McDonald's. And in Europe, across-the-board, we're doing the same thing now. We've been doing it with the Eurosaver Menu in markets like the U.K. We're doing it with SMS in Germany. We're doing it with P'tits Plaisirs in France. I do believe that what we're facing in France now, because we've had -- we haven't had the same strong competitive set in France, we've not had to go there as aggressively, but now we're at a point where from a consumer confident perspective, we are going there a lot stronger relative to that marketing power. So I think it's a very, very good comment. They are somewhat similar. The difference, though, I would say in Europe, Europe, we have a foundation, particularly in markets like France, of having the restaurants reimaged. And so that definitely helps us and allows us also to continue to sell some more premium-based products. Relative to China, in terms of pricing, that's something that normally we don't disclose, but I think this -- in this case is important. China, we did a price increase of 5 percentile. And we know that, that is going to help us relative to moving forward to be able to help us with margin and also help us face some of the commodity-based pressures that we see there.
Donald Thompson: Keith, first of all, the reimaging efforts are going quite well. And I'll speak specifically about the U.S. I think your question was more focused on the U.S. We have upgraded the course. And I think that, that was something that we did early -- about the middle of the year last year. And we've got tremendous acceleration. In the latter part of the year, we reimaged quite a few, the predominance of our restaurants. We're on track this year to continue to exceed the numbers that we have out there right now. We think we're in that range of around 800 in terms of reimages in the U.S. And we feel very comfortable and confident in that number. What I've seen is that the sales, and the group reported to Pete and I and Jim earlier this week, the sales continue to be in the range, toward the high end of the range relative to what we told you guys about in that 6 percentile range relative to reimages. And the system itself is quite excited about it. I think we're going to continue to see aggressiveness in the reimages, relative to the competitive set. We hear a lot of information from time to time about others that are reimaging. I think the point for us is we have a proven track record of what reimaging can do, how to do it, how to maximize the opportunity and the sales from it, and also how to make sure that we get the cost in the right line. And so we're going to continue to do that, not only in the U.S., but as we complete the interiors in Europe and move further along with the exteriors and also as we move across APMEA and Latin America.
Donald Thompson: And at over 3,000 restaurants, the number would be much higher. But with us, again, that's not one that we kind of pull out when we factor sales.
Donald Thompson: Howard, first of all, I hope that retirement point is quite a few years down the road. Otherwise, that might mean it was induced by something other than me. Here's a point, I think. Jim has always been very strong in telling all of us and continuing to drive the point of what we have to do is focus on the basics. I've been around McDonald's for over 20 years now, and I think what's most important for everyone is to understand that a change in leadership doesn't mean a change in strategy. I was here on the front end when we did the Plan to Win, and I understand what it means to our organization in terms of alignment. We remain focused on those things we've talked about: people, product, place, price, promotion. One of the things that we've done over the last couple of years, and Jim has been great about allowing myself and Pete and the rest of the team to really kind of take the mantle and lead some of the strategies that we have set forth. When we talk about modernizing the customer experience, technology will play a major role in that. But even more so will be the new look of McDonald's and what that allows us to do with our menu set. When we talk about optimizing the menu, we will be more focused, as we have been, on nutritional-based products, but also on focusing on our core and some premium products that we see coming out of areas like Europe. One of the things that we have that's a big potential, we can scale products and learn from the various areas of the world, and we will do that at a more accelerated pace. Lastly, I would say that when we talk about the broadening accessibility, we are much smarter now. We can walk and chew gum at the same time. We can deliver organic growth and we can build new restaurants. We know we can. We're doing it across APMEA and across many of our major markets. So we'll continue to do that. I don't worry about the legacy that will be left, and I'm not trying to chase the tremendous things that Jim has led us to do. I think myself and this team are focused on continuing to drive sustainable growth at McDonald's. And that is the key, Howard. And I think if we can continue to focus on the basics of this business; execution in the restaurants every day; the moment of truth, as Jim has called it, at that front counter; focused on the fact that we do have the power and the financial strength to grow both in development and organically, those are the things that I want to make sure we do. So I'm not really focused on the legacy aspect as much as I am continuing to see all of us move the business and grow as a global company.
Donald Thompson: Thanks to all of you. And I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. In closing, I just want to reiterate our confidence in the continued strength of our business around the world. We're delivering solid results because the entire McDonald's system remains aligned behind executing our Plan to Win, and we're focused on driving toward our mission to become our customers' favorite place and way to eat and drink. We'll continue to focus on being smart and strategic in this current environment while always striving to deliver the best customer experience as we know we can and have in each of our more than 33,000 restaurants around the world. So thanks again, and have a great day.
Peter J. Bensen: Jason, it's Pete. The China business has continued to perform pretty well for us. You know that March was a little slower than the 2-month trend had been, January and February. But there's no specific region or particular issue to point to. One of the things -- we had a big beef promotion this March relative to a big chicken promotion last March so that had a little bit of a negative impact. We did see a little regionalized slowdown after some of the negative publicity you alluded to, but that wasn't terribly significant. So we remain on track there and are comfortable with where we're going.
Peter J. Bensen: Yes. Andy, as you pointed out, it really is kind of a tale of 2 Europes, if you will, with Russia having some high-teen comps and the U.K. around 10%. They really drove some pretty good margin performance here in the first quarter. As we head to second quarter, we obviously, we won't have the leap day benefit. Generally, in the markets that Jim talked about, while we'll enhance our messaging around the local value or the everyday affordability, that tendency is initially you'll see a little dip in the average check. But as the transactions grow, you get that back over time. And in those markets with that environment, we also probably have a little less pricing power as last year's increases roll off and we'll probably be able to take a little bit less this year. Net-net, those are the pressures I alluded to when I mentioned that in my comments.
Peter J. Bensen: Sure. First, on the pricing in the U.S., Jeff. You kind of -- you hit on the head, as over the last several months, there's been a wider gap on the food-at-home being growing greater than the food-away-from-home. That gap is starting to narrow. And in fact, the outlook, food-away-from-home is still projected to grow at 2% to 3% this year. But food-away-from-home is now projected to grow 2.5% to 3.5%. That's down a little bit from the last projection. So that gap is narrowing. And as you think traditionally about our parameters, that 2% to 3% for food-away-from-home, absent any significant gap with the food-at-home, is probably a good way to think about our pricing for the year. So that 2% to 3% is probably the constraints for that one.
Peter J. Bensen: Regarding the conversation on the longer-term targets, Jeff, very comfortable in the 6% to -- our long-term target, 6% to 7%, obviously the last few years, we've been significantly ahead of that. But as we outlined in November, with some of the actions we're taking to invest and some of these near-term headwinds around commodities, we're probably closer to that 6% to 7% this year than we've been the last few years, and specifically, these next couple of quarters. So in the U.S., I mentioned commodities will be up another close to 7% again in the second quarter, and we won't have the benefit of leap year and the favorable weather. So again, margins look pretty similar in the second quarter for the U.S. I mentioned the G&A. We haven't come off our 6% forecast for the year. But with the timing of some of these events, our internal plans are at double-digit G&A growth for the next couple of quarters. So as we look throughout the year, again, we're very confident in our ability to hit that long-term target. But there's going to be -- the next couple of quarters may look a little down off of that relative to some of these items that I mentioned.
Peter J. Bensen: Correct, John. I'll clarify the operating income comments, and then Don can talk about the Extra Value Menu. But you're right. That long-term guidance is in constant currency. And with the $0.05 to $0.07 each of the next couple quarters of pressure, obviously the reported number will be less than that.
Peter J. Bensen: Yes, it absolutely is, Joe. So there's a couple of things that are impacting that. One is a focus on what we call scheduling, staffing and positioning. So how many people do we have on the floor during those peak hours and where are they positioned is very important to driving more transactions through the restaurant during those peak hours. So do we have all of our kitchen equipment fully utilized? So both sides of our sandwich preparation table, for example. But also, the new register system, the new point-of-sale system, as you point out, is also an enabler because we're able to take orders more quickly and more accurately, so we get the customer through the restaurant. But that new POS also enables things like the handheld order taker and the side-by-side drive-thru, which again gets more orders back into that kitchen during these peak hours, which is another way to expand our capacity. But those -- the new POS had already been in the U.S. last year, and so there was no incremental cost relative to that in this quarter. But certainly, with adding some additional labor under the staffing guidelines, that's where we start to see a little impact on the labor line. Net-net, to grow, I think we grew comp transactions 5% during that lunch hour in the first quarter. And that was a significantly greater growth relative to that hour in the prior year. So those investments are definitely paying off for us.
Peter J. Bensen: But with the -- your specific question, Sara, about the breakfast. Breakfast is less than 20 -- is less than 10% of the business there. So while the comps were really strong, and obviously were strong at lunch, where we saw a little lesser momentum was in our dessert kiosks and a little bit more of the discretionary visit potentially, so the snacking kind of visit. But again, the balance of where the business is coming from in China is still pretty good. And it's coming from where we're really focusing a lot of our attention, so that's good. And just to clarify that 5% number that Don gave, that's our trailing 12-month impact of the price increases. We didn't take all of that in this first quarter.
Peter J. Bensen: The update we got just yesterday, John, from our folks in the U.S. actually shows the -- actually a slight drop in the forecast for the year for the traffic for the industry. It's projected to grow less than 1%. And so that makes our traffic growth even that much more remarkable in that environment. As it's starting to level off or decline a little bit, we continue to see significant traffic gains in the U.S.
Peter J. Bensen: And one encouraging thing to add onto that, Keith, is now that we've got a history of stores that have more than 12 months of operation since reimaging, we're actually seeing higher sales increases as they cross that anniversary. And so they're actually closer to that 7% in our 6% to 7% range in their 13th, 14th, 15th month, which is again very encouraging and supportive of our belief that this is a great long-term investment.
Peter J. Bensen: Steve, we don't have that number at our fingertips. So maybe offline, the Investor Relations folks could give you that. But obviously, we talked about China. We talked about Australia. A lot of the other markets across APMEA are performing extremely well on the top line.
