Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, Kevin. While there is much we don't know about the future course of this pandemic, we are taking the necessary actions to ensure we will emerge from this crisis in a position of strength. Looking ahead, we know these unprecedented times will bring about some fundamental changes to the way businesses, including ours operate. What will remain constant is our commitment to maintaining the strong level of trust our customers have in the business, also beginning to think about our strategy in the aftermath of COVID-19. While elements of the Velocity Growth Plan will continue to be important, for making adjustments in real time, and there will likely need to be further changes, we'll look to provide updates on our overall progress later in the year. In these challenging times I'm immensely proud of the way our system has banded together and stayed true to our purpose to feed and foster community. The countless inspiring examples of this around the world showcase the real impact McDonald's has in the communities in which we operate. I'm proud to share a handful of these stories. In the U.S., our restaurants are offering our appreciation with free Thank You meal boxes to first responders and healthcare workers to thank them for their tireless efforts to protect us all. These include favorite breakfast and lunch menu items packaged in Happy Meal boxes, with a thank you note in place of a toy. We're in the middle of this two-week show of appreciation, and we've already provided nearly four million Thank You meals. Across Europe many markets are providing free drinks, coffee and meals to first responders and healthcare workers on the frontlines. In Madrid, a restaurant just reopened solely to serve frontline workers at the nearby hospital. In Australia, we've added staples of milk, eggs, and bread to our menus enabling customers to use McDonald's contactless Drive-thru and takeaway to shop for basics, providing a safe and easy way for customers to shop, and in many of the communities around the world that we call home extra food within the supply chain is being redistributed through nonprofit organizations and local food banks to feed communities in need. We've also donated nearly 1.5 million masks to COVID relief efforts. I said earlier we entered this crisis with a solid foundation. While we face significant disruptions and challenges, we remain confident in our ability to adapt as we've done throughout our 65 years to secure our long-term success. And now, we'll begin Q&A.
Chris Kempczinski: Morning, David. Thank you for the question. And you're right, in the international, particularly in our IOM markets in Europe, we have a number of countries that are completely closed based on government mandates. We are just beginning the process of reopening on a limited basis in a number of those markets. And so it's probably a little premature for us to give you any indication of what the overall trajectory is going to be, but I would say we've been really encouraged when we do start to open limited restaurants by the demand. You may have seen, in the last week, as we've opened up in a few of these markets we had a three-hour wait at one of our restaurants, in France, for people to get through the Drive-thru. In Austria, we had a two-mile line of people looking to get into the Drive-thru. And I think our overall view is as markets start to open up this desire to really return to familiar favorites, to brands that are known is very, very powerful. And I think the fact that we also have a strong orientation toward convenience and value that I think are also two key elements. We are optimistic. We certainly are expecting that we're going to be able to take share in those markets, and so I think we, like everybody else, are closely watching what the overall level of customer demand is going to be. We do feel like we're well positioned on that, but probably too soon to say. In terms of financial support that we're providing to franchisees, let me pass it over to Kevin to address.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes, hey, Andrew. So maybe let me take it in two different pieces there. I think in terms of the best practices, we have learned a lot around how we adjust operations to really make sure that we're providing a safe environment for our crew and for our customers. And in almost every market where we operate, the U.S. included, there are dedicated teams that are meeting daily and reviewing procedures, and connected to our global Restaurant Solutions Group to understand these best practices. In the case of the U.S., they've made 50 different changes to operating procedures as we've learned more. And it's everything from positioning guides, to protective barriers, to other things like masks, how often, how frequently we are sanitizing surfaces; just a variety of different things. So that has been really helpful for us in terms of just making sure that our restaurants continue to be a safe environment for both customers as well as for our crew. I think that certainly does help with the demand that we're seeing. I think as people get confident about our ability to continue to offer food in a safe way, that certainly helps, but there is a benefit that I think you could attribute to the stimulus checks. I think there's probably also, as customers are starting to venture out a little bit more, this desire to really go to familiar brands. You saw it in the away from -- or in the at-home occasion, center of the store, familiar brands in grocery really benefited as people were staying home. I think that same dynamic is going to be at play as people start to come out looking for familiar brands. So I think there's a variety of different things at play there in the U.S., but certainly we've been more encouraged by what we've see the last couple of weeks in the U.S.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. Thanks, David. It's a small percentage, I'll leave it at that, but it's a pretty small percentage. This is not a large majority of operators or a large piece of the operators. It's generally maybe a few operators in each market that we're working with. So it isn't a widespread issue that we're dealing with. Related to cash flow and let me try and put that in some context, and I'll go back and just -- I may repeat some of the things I mentioned in my remarks, but remember we entered the crisis certainly from a position of financial strength. From a corporate standpoint, we're obviously we have a strong investment grade credit rating. That's always been important to us. So we've been maintaining that, and I talked about our franchisees also entered into the year pretty strong financially. As we got into this year, and the impact of COVID was growing, you would have seen that we acted pretty quickly to bolster our cash position, certainly in anticipation of the changing macroeconomic and business conditions around the world. We secured $6.5 billion of new financing in March, which was about $5.5 billion of bonds and a $1 billion of line of credit, and then we also still have full access to a committed line of credit of $3.5 billion. So, I know cash burn is a frequent topic of discussion lately. We certainly keep our eye on that, but we do have confidence in our liquidity position based on our current cash balance and our ability to get further access if we needed in the markets. We ended the first quarter, a little over $5 billion of cash on our balance sheet, and again, remember, we still have that $3.5 billion line of credit that's untapped if we ever should need it. I'd say our cash outflows right now are fairly consistent month-to-month for things like G&A and capital and lease expense costs in this big variable is the cash inflows because as you know, we operate in over 100 countries. We've given some of that those rent and royalty deferrals of over $1 billion, and now we're looking at those individual operator organizations that may need something further. Having said all that, between the temporary restaurant closures and the deferrals, our cash inflows certainly will be significantly less in the second quarter than normal. So we're likely to have negative free cash flow in the second quarter, but assuming that the countries continue to reopen on the schedules that we're seeing right now, and again, most of those are in the European markets, and assuming franchisees can have the ability to pay their rents and royalties, we would expect that the free cash flow would turn back to positive in the third quarter. So we do think second quarter will be a rougher quarter in terms of cash flow, but right now based on current plans, we would expect that to turn around back to positive in the third quarter.
Chris Kempczinski: So I'll start with just an overall comment about IOM in the European markets. It is tough to generalize I mean, I've got to say that every market is in a different situation based on what's happened from government mandates, just the overall orientation of that market, so difficult to generalize. Certainly, I think you can conclude that in the restaurants that are open, comp still down, comp down reflecting just a lower level of economic activity, people are still largely staying at home, even in markets that are able to remain open. So that is that is adversely affecting even in restaurants that are open comp trends, but again, it varies really market-by-market. I think. If you then go to your second question, which is about percent of restaurants, primarily in Europe, again, I'll focus there that have Drive-thru. The majority have our restaurants have Drive-thru? In Europe, it does vary market-by-market, but the majority of our restaurants do have Drive-thru. So that certainly is something that we expect to be helpful to us as we emerge out of this. And then Kevin, I'll flip the other questions over to you. Yes.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes, I think our comments around how we operate is really been -- was geared more toward how we operate the restaurants, and the changes that we need to make as we're in the midst of this crisis, how many of those stay permanent? So I think the intent was really when we talk about how we think about things operating differently. It's about how our restaurants operate differently after that. Your other point though, which we did talk about is, and as I mentioned in my remarks, the world is going to look different coming out of this crisis, and we expect that many of those changes are going to be enduring, and so, part of the work that we're going through is really thinking about our strategy kind of in this post-COVID world. We've got a great foundation to build on with velocity growth plan, but I think it's probably fair to say that we're not just going to pick up the velocity growth plan playbook and kind of resume business as usual. There are going to need to be adjustments to that, and so, my team and I are planning on doing that work over the next several months as we start to formulate our point of view and determine what continues, what changes. We'll come back to all of you later in the year and give you more insight into that.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, hey, David. Related to the franchisee assistance, I'd say it's similar to what we've done in the U.S., as I talked about in my remarks. At the beginning what we really did was kind of this broad-based assistance that was deferring a couple months of rent and royalties generally for most franchisees around the world. The other thing that's happened is essentially we've converted our rent to variable rent based on sales. So the restaurants that have been closed effectively aren't paying rent because they don't have sales. The only other thing I would point out is there's various different forms of government assistance in each country. So certain countries provide more assistance related to kind of workers who aren't working temporarily, which means that in some of the markets they've been able to effectively help the franchisees in terms of being able to keep their workers but not if that payment doesn't come out of the franchisee's pockets while the restaurants are closed. And then in several markets we've actually been working with other companies to actually even find places where employees have been able to work. So in a couple of them we partnered up with companies like [Aldi] [Ph] and others to provide temporary employment for our workers while our restaurants are closed. So I wouldn't say that our assistance is substantially different on the international side. Again, we started at the broad-based, and now we're looking at individual organizations to see where we may need to step in, both internationally and in the U.S.
Kevin Ozan: Yes, I'll just add a little bit. I guess, one, I would just remind everyone that we did come in to 2020 with most of our franchisees in most of our major markets either at or near all-time high cash flows, so most came into the year in pretty good strong position. To your point, there are some franchisees in some markets that are more highly leveraged, I'll say, than others. So we are cognizant of that and certainly are having the appropriate discussions with those franchisees. And to Chris' point, I think now we're at the point where we are looking at organization by organization, and seeing where we may need to step in and provide further assistance. Or make sure that they're getting all the assistance they need from lenders, suppliers, et cetera. Related to kind of the loans, I guess I would just remind everyone our operators are small independent business owners who are eligible for the loans. They're working with their advisors to determine kind of the needs for their business. Our understanding is that most have been able to get approved, and which would enable them to keep paying their crew and continue running their businesses. And then we're certainly continuing to working with them to make sure that they've got the liquidity to keep running their businesses. So I think we feel pretty comfortable in general about franchisees, but there certainly will be a few that need to just think about how they get further assistance if they need.
Kevin Ozan: No, but we certainly have seen some markets around the world like Canada, for example, delivery sales are up 40%, and so, part of it's dependent on the market and the -- I'll say the penetration of drive-thru, as Chris mentioned, certainly drive-thru in the U.S. has gone from two-thirds of our business to about 90% of our sales right now, but we certainly are seeing both delivery and digital sales up in the U.S. and then some markets thing it is seeing it up more than the U.S. even from pre-COVID times.
Kevin Ozan: I think those are the two biggest things. There are some consumer trends, I'd say that we're seeing similarly, which are weekdays recover quicker than weekends, as people start to go out again, breakfast is a little slower to recover than other day parts, and then, obviously, as we get into summer, that could still be impacted by things like reduced vacation, holiday travel, etc. So some of the consumer trends are similar, but to Chris's point. The big difference to me is that we've got much more drive through certainly in the U.S. and those restaurants remained open, whereas in China the restaurants are fully closed for a while.
Kevin Ozan: Related to the dividend, John Yes, what I'm saying is I'm reiterating our capital allocation priorities, which is investing in the business for growth, which includes supporting franchisees weren't necessary and prioritizing the dividend because we know that's important to our shareholders. Our normal quarterly process just because of timing is that will provide a recommendation to the board later in the quarter for the second quarter dividend. So we haven't changed our normal process at this point. It's our ongoing process that we would go to the board and the next month or so with our recommendation for the dividend, so that that's still intact that process.
Kevin Ozan: Yes. Thanks for the question. So we've said we're going to reduce CapEx by roughly $1 billion dollars. Part of that or a chunk of that really our U.S. experience of the future projects. We've substantially reduced that those projects for this year. Now, to your point, I view that as soon as it's reasonably feasible to keep to keep going on those, many of the franchisees will want to continue doing those. We have gotten some requests even already for some franchisees to continue those projects. So I would expect a lot of those would get pushed into 2021, but I think the franchisees, and rightly so, want to understand that the business is back to operating, I'll say more normally, before they go invest substantial dollars and close their restaurants for a period of time also. So that's a piece of it. We were also reducing openings in many of the markets outside the U.S., again, partly because if you think about some of those countries, they've been closed for a period of time now. They're just getting back up and running now the normal operations, and so, the disruption of going and opening new restaurants right now at a maybe quicker pace probably isn't the right thing to do for a lot of the franchises there. So that pace will slow in 2020, but again, I think that's relatively easy to continue picking up, and we certainly still see opportunities for growth in most of those markets. So, it isn't the long term change in opportunity, but it is a pause in 2020 for a lot of that.
Kevin Ozan: Hi, Nicole. Yes, so I guess I will take the easy one first which is breakfast is down relative to the other day parts, and that's consistent with everything we've learnt. It's consistent with what we have seen in markets like China. It's consistent with what we have learnt through the whole experience of the future closing and then reopening process. So, breakfast is down relative to the other day parts that we ordinarily have, and then…
Kevin Ozan: Yes, and limited menu, it's been interesting and it's a good question. So, we have gone to limited menu in the U.S. as well as a number of other markets. I think one of the things that each of the markets are thinking about is as you go back to more of a standard menu, do you immediately revert back to sort of everything that was on the menu? Or, does this maybe provide us an opportunity to do some things that get that balance right between margin, operational ease, speed of service et cetera? So, I think it's probably safe to say at this point that that is going to be a market-by-market decision, but I would say every market is thinking about does it make sense to go all the way back to where we were pre-crisis or maybe we want to go back in more of a staged way and add some items but not all items. So, stay tuned on that.
Kevin Ozan: Sure. I think it's fair to say breakfast is a critically day part for us, and so, we are -- as we start to really get into the recovery phase, getting back at breakfast business is going to be critical for us. I think the point we are trying to make on breakfast is it takes time. It's a disruption to routines. Reestablishing those routines does take time, but we plan to be very aggressive and make sure that we get back the breakfast business. The breakfast business is a great part of our overall mix, and so, we are going to be putting a lot of effort against that.
Kevin Ozan: The only thing I'll add on G&A, John, is we are certainly reviewing our investments. We're reducing or delaying some spending, reallocating some resources. So I think we're doing the things that people would expect us to do as far as certainly scrutinizing our spend, but at the same time, we also have, as I mentioned, we have a few kind of non-recurring costs, we have the cancellation of our worldwide convention that cost us about $40 million. We have some contractual obligations we needed to pay for stopping some R&D work, that cost us about $20 million, and then we also have an unusual dynamic where there's a portion of our people costs that are capitalized related to restaurant openings, and as we reduced our restaurant openings, less of those costs will be able to be capitalized. That will likely cost us another $30 million to $35 million of G&A. Now that's not additional cash, because we were paying those folks already, but it's the accounting of them, where it may end up in G&A instead of where it would have been capitalized on developments. So, we've got some offsetting things going on in G&A for the year.
