Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. As the largest restaurant business in the world, our size and scale are a competitive advantage that we've built and nurtured for over six decades. Our 40,000 restaurants in over 100 countries are predominantly run by local owner operators, connecting the business to the 40,000 communities in which we operate. These local connections embed a level of agility that complements our size and scale, enabling local teams to adapt and adjust to operating conditions that vary by country, community, and even restaurant in real-time.  It's what makes McDonald's special. It's also how we're able to use scale and agility, how we can be both big and nimble to achieve something truly unique. And thanks to the resilience across all three legs of our stool: franchisees, suppliers, and the Company, and the scale and agility that we deploy collectively, I'm confident in our ability to meet whatever challenges may confront us, from restrictions driven by new COVID variants to supply chain pressures and labor shortages across industries to any other unknown unknowns. We're approaching the one-year anniversary of accelerating the Arches, which took shape in response to changing customer needs early in the pandemic. Rooted in the inherent strengths of the McDonald's system and brand, it's proving to be the right strategy with the right focus at the right time. We're evolving the customer experience in ways both large and small to meet changing customer needs and maintain our market leadership. Our three growth pillars known as our MCDs, marketing, core menu, and the 3Ds of digital, delivery and drive-thru, guide our business. This includes amplifying contactless channels like delivery and drive-thru, and creating digital experiences that are seamless, personalized, and easy to use. We've continued to make excellent progress this past Quarter, and I want to thank the McDonald's people all over the world who are performing under trying conditions. Let me turn it over to Kevin to walk through our top line results.
Chris Kempczinski: Thanks, Kevin. We've accomplished so much the past 20 months. And even though the pandemic has greatly altered so much in our business and our world, it hasn't changed the simple fact that we're better together than we are apart. For a long time, we had to bridge physical separation with technology and new ways of working. But as vaccines have reached critical mass of people in the U.S. and some places around the world, we're beginning to see a different future taking shape.  Finally, we're coming together again in our communities, and cities around the world are beginning to open up and get back to a new normal. The same is true for our global McFamily. After being closed for over a year-and-a-half, the McDonald's headquarters reopened on October the 11, and it was inspiring to see teams collaborating again in person. To protect the health and safety of our staff, we required all U.S. - based corporate employees to get vaccinated, and we're continuing to monitor local data and seek guidance from public health officials.  Even though we've only been back for a few short weeks, we have found that working in the office together spurs a level of collaboration, creativity, and connectedness that simply could not be replicated from behind our screens, and we're going to be doing the same thing with our global system soon. Next April, in Orlando, franchisees, suppliers, and employees will convene for our worldwide convention in person for the first time in 4 years. It's already shaping up to be an experience unlike any other.  Together, we'll showcase McDonald's bright future. We'll demonstrate the power of technology for our restaurants, learn how innovation is enhancing the customer experience, and discuss plans in the pipeline to drive our Accelerating the Arches growth plan. As I've said before, it's not only important that we grow, it's equally important that we grow sustainably and in ways that positively impact the communities we serve. Driving climate action has been a centerpiece of our long-term strategy for a while now, and our focus has sharpened.  In fact, in 2014, we established public commitments intended to make our entire system more sustainable by 2020. Among our goals were to sustainably source 100% of key ingredients, including coffee and beef. Looking back, this was just the beginning of what would become a much bolder agenda that we are pursuing with urgency. As the threats to our plan have grown, we are responding with a more ambitious plan for ourselves and for the entire industry.  We achieved many of our 2020 goals ahead of schedule and we build upon that momentum to set new ambitious targets. Just this past September, we announced that we would reduce the use of conventional virgin plastics in Happy Meal toys by 90% by 2025. We recently announced our ambition to achieve net 0 emissions across global operations by 2050, and we joined the UN race to 0. And I look forward to sharing more of our sustainability store with climate delegates at the United Nations Climate Change Conference known as COP26 in Glasgow next week.  We believe we have both a privilege and a responsibility to help lead on issues that matter most in communities, and there is no issue more globally important and locally impactful than protecting our planet for generations to come. This is why I continue to remain optimistic about what lies ahead for McDonald's, accelerating The Arches, fortified by our purpose and guided by our values makes me confident not just in the future successes of our business, but also for the future of the communities that we serve. With that, we'll begin Q&A.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. I'll start and then let Kevin fill in any other points on this. But certainly, it's a very challenging staffing environment in the U.S., a little bit less so in Europe, but still challenging in Europe. In the U.S. for us, we are seeing, as I've mentioned a few calls ago, that there is wage inflation. Our franchisees are increasing wages, they are over 10% wage inflation year-to-date that we're seeing in our McOpCo restaurants. We're up over 15% on wages, and that is having some helpful benefits. Certainly, the higher wages that you pay, it allows you to stay competitive.  But we're also seeing that it's just is very challenging right now in the market to find the level of talent that you need. And so, for us, it is putting some pressure on things like operating hours where we might be dialing back late night, for example, from what we would ordinarily be doing. It's also putting some pressure around speed of service where we are down a little bit on speed of service over the last kind of year-to-date and maybe even in the last quarter. That's also a function of not being able to have the restaurants fully staffed. But I would just – I would tell you that it's not unsolvable either, and we're seeing in our McOpCo restaurants that a really strong focus on the shift manager and providing the training to the shift managers to keep engaged with the crew to keep the crew motivated, that that can make a difference.  But certainly, I was hoping and expecting that we were going to see the situation improve maybe a little bit more quickly than what's materialized. And I think it is going to continue to be a difficult environment for the next several quarters. Kevin, I don't know if you have anything you want to add.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes. Thanks, Jared, for the question. I'll take that. I think it is fair to say, again, just thinking about the global environment, there are certainly supply chain challenges across the world and various things related to kitchen equipment, technology equipment, I'll say, pandemic-related disruptions, slower permitting times, all the things that you mentioned are making it a bigger challenge, I'll say, to get restaurants open than historically. For this year, we still expect roughly in our IOM and U.S. markets. It's down a little bit from where we were previously.  There's be -- there will be a few that will spill over now into 2022. That's more of a timing issue than anything else. And so, because of things taking a little bit longer, some of the openings that we thought we may be able to get done this year will spill into beginning of 2022. Going forward, I think we're still bullish on openings. We still expect our openings to increase both in our wholly-owned markets as well as our development of licensed markets next year.  The increase that you saw right now for 2021 is being primarily driven by China and a few other developmental license markets. So that's why the overall openings are up this year. But I'd say overall it's a bigger challenge than it has been, but our supply chain does a phenomenal job of just managing the whole process, making sure that we've got contingency plans. We're in touch extremely frequently with all of our suppliers, and I feel pretty good about where we are compared to where others may be just because of the strength of our supply chain. But I think it is fair to say that it's a bigger challenge than it's been historically.
Chris Kempczinski: Yeah, sure. I'll start off and then, again, Kevin can pick up anything that I miss here. But I think, overall, we remain very optimistic about our international portfolio in the markets where we're seeing restrictions relaxed. Those businesses are bouncing back and bouncing back in a very healthy way. The markets that you mentioned like an Australia, like a France, they have certainly had to navigate a more restrictive COVID environment.  We did get a peak earlier in the year when things appeared to be getting better before the Delta variant that those markets were poised to spring back. So, from our expectation, as soon as the conditions in those markets start to become more favorable in terms of being able to return to normal operating conditions, we expect those markets are going to perform in a very healthy way because that's how they were performing pre -pandemic. So, there's nothing structural that would make us concerned about their ability to bounce back.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. What we're really pleased with how loyalty is starting off in the U.S., we're seeing a similar very nice start to it in Germany and Canada, so the more we learn about loyalty, the more optimistic that we get about loyalty. I think for us in terms of what that means for the business long-term, certainly the benefits you get with a loyalty program is the ability to increase frequency. And in the markets where we operate, roughly 80% of the population visits the McDonald's once a year.  So, it's not that we have a reach opportunity. It's about driving frequency in this business and we've seen in the places that -- where we have deployed loyalty that it absolutely does increase customer frequency. So, for us, that's really encouraging. I think to the broader point of what do you do with the data, we had set out earlier an aspiration where we wanted to have 40% of our customers be known customers. Today, that number is probably only about 5% of the customers where we actually know who is the customer, what did they buy, what did they buy previously.  And then you can imagine all sorts of things that you're able to learn about customers and their preferences when you're able to get more and more of your transactions where you know who the customer is. And loyalty is certainly the way that you get that customer to engage and share information with you. So, for us, I think we're just getting started on it, but very optimistic about what loyalty can do to this business. And by mid-next year, we're going to have a loyalty in our top 6 markets, so I think the ability to give you a better idea of what exactly it's doing for the business, I think once we have that kind of scale and rollout, we'll be able to talk with even more specificity about it.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. Well, I think, shout out to the U.S. team and our own operators for doing a great job of sustaining that momentum as you mentioned, through what continues to be a challenging environment for all the reasons that have come up on this call; labor challenges, commodity inflation, et cetera. I think the momentum that we're seeing in the U.S. business is not something that just came about in the last couple of years.  This was something that started several years ago with the foundation that we put in place in the U.S. and the foundation was around modernizing our state, improving the food, making investments in digital and delivery. And I think the fact that we were able to get all of those things sort of embedded in the business back-end, call it 2017, 2018, set us up really well for what none of us could have predicted, which is what we've now experienced through, through COVID. So, I think for us, what I feel good about with the U.S. is we've got the foundational elements in place for this business to outperform or perform quite well for extended period of time.  As to how you do that, it's going to be back to the strategy that we have with accelerating the urges. It's a focus on great marketing, driving core menu and outperforming on the 3Ds delivery drive-thru and digital. And so, for us, a message that I'm talking about to the teams internally is we have the right strategy. It's all about execution, and we've got to execute at a really high level. If we do that on those three dimensions, then I'm confident. But we also can't get complacent, and I think there's a good healthy level of dialogue going on in the U.S. right now about just keeping that hunger, keeping that momentum going. And once you've got it, you don't want to give it up and that's the mindset right now.
Chris Kempczinski: I'll do the delivery question, while Kevin is going through his notes, the other parts of this. But so, we don't share a specific breakout on delivery, but suffice to say, delivery for us continues to be a really important driver for us. The business has grown by billions and billions, I think it's fair to share, over the last several years and we're continuing to see even as markets reopen and things start to get back to normal in places where they're able to get the dining room, etc., back open. Delivery remains elevated.  And so, for us, I think what has become apparent is delivery was meeting a customer need that I don't think any of us fully appreciated, even maybe a few years ago. So, it's here to stay. What we're trying to do with our partners, the way that we had approached some of our delivery conversations previously with our 3PO partners, in many cases those were discussions that were happening at the market levels. And when you are a Company the size and scale of McDonald's, we believe a great proposition for 3PO partners on a global basis.  And so, what we're trying to do through these conversations is leverage the fact that we are the largest restaurant Company in the world that we have an ability to drive traffic onto 3PO apps that we think is second to none, and that that should be reflected in the rates that we're paying with our 3PO partners. So those conversations are proceeding, but I'd say there is a good recognition on both sides that we need each other. And I'm optimistic that we'll be able to get to a good resolution on that in the next couple of months.  And then just to follow up on your question related to our transaction with IBM and the potential impact of that. There shouldn't be much of a financial statement impact of that. We had generally, I forget maybe about less than a 100 people I think that were associated with that business. And so those folks will now go work with IBM. Really the reason we're doing this with IBM is to be able to have someone that can take how far we've gotten right now with the solution and be able to finish the development and then help us deploy this at scale. And so, we're going to use their expertise certainly in AI and everything that they've learned from Watson, etc. But it is indeed a big financial statement impact. Plus, or minus, I’ll say going forward from that.
Chris Kempczinski: Maybe just to fill in here a few things and I'll go back and quote my CFO from something that he said several quarters ago, which is we are still selling more stuff. We're still selling more sandwiches; we're selling more fries. And so, from a unit standpoint, while we certainly are looking at traffic, the absolute volume of what we're selling is continuing to grow. And for me, that's a really good barometer about the health of this business.  I think as to whether that sustained whether these larger order sizes sustained, we're going to follow the customer to whichever way they want to go. If the customers start to come back and split the ticket and we have smaller check, I think so long as we continue to focus on the execution, we'll be just fine on that. But certainly, I think what you're seeing right now and what we're expecting is that some of the benefits that we're seeing around larger check and the mix -- the channel mix that goes with that, we're expecting that to continue.
Chris Kempczinski: Yeah. I think in the U.S. it's really early to be making any kind of readout on what we're learning. I would point out it's in less than 10 restaurants in the U.S. It's largely an operations test right now. Now, there are other markets that are further along. The U.K. is in 250 restaurants and they're going to be planning on doing a full national rollout in the U.K. in Q1. In that situation, I think we have more evidence that it is filling an unmet need that certainly existed in the U.K. on their menu. So early results in the U.K. are very encouraging.  A couple other markets as well in the -- in Europe have seen success with McPlant in the roll out on that. So, I think this is one where we've said all along, we're going to let them markets decide when is the best time to pull it down based on what the customer acceptance are interested in this concept. I think certainly I can say at this point there are definitely a couple of European markets where there is customer acceptance for it. Whether that is a broad-based acceptance in the U.S., I think we'll learn that over the next several quarters.
Chris Kempczinski: Yes, thanks for the question, Brian. I think to be fair; we had started thinking about accelerating some of the openings internationally, even pre -pandemic. Certainly, nothing that's happened in the pandemic has changed our thinking at all related to that. And if anything, I think just reinforces that our opportunity to continue growing in many of those international operated markets. As far as any constraints, I think the constraints really are from a market perspective, there is a sweet spot of what they can open in terms of building a pipeline, having the right real estate representatives, opening in a way that it isn't disruptive to the rest of the market. So, we do have a lot of tools that we use to determine what the appropriate opening level is for the markets.  I think we do have opportunity to open quicker in many of those markets than we have been, and I think our expectation is that we will continue to grow in many of those international operative markets where we still believe there's a lot of opportunity. We're just in the midst of going through our plans right now for 2022, So I don't have specifics yet for 2022, but I think it is fair to say that we would expect our openings next year to be higher than they are in 2021 and continue to kind of increase that level for a little while where we will -- we've talked about unit growth being about 1.5% to 2% contribution to sales growth. Right now, we're at the lower end of that, more than 1.5% and likely not a lot above that for '22 because it really relates to "21 openings. But as we go on, I would expect that to get closer to that 2% contribution.
Chris Kempczinski: That's a great question, and it is one that we're thinking about. It's something that is now on the plate for Manu Steijaert. Manu is, as we announced, I think last quarter, it was -- that he's the Chief Customer Officer. And one of the things that fits in Manu's portfolio, is he has both restaurant design operations, as well as the customer experience. And so, thinking about what is going to be the consumer acceptance on a sustaining basis for dine-in coming out of this and then what are the implications of that. I would add we have a lot of play places in our restaurants. What is the implication for the plate place space? So, we are just now starting to think about that and think about potential scenarios for how you might reuse the space if dine-in doesn't come back to the level that it was pre -pandemic. But I think right now it's still a little bit preliminary just because there's still noise in the dine-in numbers that I don't want to do anything hasty here until we just get a better bead on what does dine-in sustain up, but it's certainly something for us to be thinking about.
Chris Kempczinski: Yeah, thanks, Sara. And I think this is one where I'd go back to the conversation you and I had, I don't know, it was probably several quarters ago now, on this topic of how do we think about technology, what's insource, what's outsource. My thinking then is the same as my thinking now, which is there are certain times where it may make sense for us to go acquire a technology so that we can accelerate the development of that, make sure that it is bespoke to McDonald's needs.  But at some point, that technology reaches a level of development, where I think getting it to a partner who can then blow it out and scale it globally makes more sense. And so, I think, what we did with the print day is very much consistent with that philosophy, which is we've had it for a couple of year. I've been really pleased with how the team has progressed the development of that. We're seeing some very encouraging results in the restaurants that we have it. But there's still a lot of work that needs to go into introducing other languages, being able to do it across 14,000 restaurants with all the various menu permutations, etc. And that work is beyond the scale of our core competencies, if you will.  And so, I think in this case, IBM is a natural partner for us. I think going forward, it's going to be very much on a case-by-case basis as to when we just -- we go from day 1 with the partner versus where we might bring something in-house for a period of time. But the nice thing about being McDonald's is we're everybody's first call when it comes to a partner in the restaurant industry. And so, we have a really good visibility to the various partners out there, and certainly, I think, our overall view is we are best on a long-term sustaining basis to use others externally partnering. But again, there may be time-to-time where there's benefit for us from being able to accelerate and learn to have it in for a period of time.
Chris Kempczinski: Sure. Well, I think not just in our industry but across, I'd say most consumer industries. The youth and the preferences and desires of the youth drive consumer demand, whether it's in apparel, beverages, restaurant, etc. And so, it becomes a very natural demographic to target. That 18 to 35 target is from a media standpoint, probably the most coveted, the most expensive demographic to reach because of the brand preferences that get formed at an early age and that's sustained over the lifetime value of that customer.  So, I think you're absolutely spot on and observing that we have made a more demonstrable push against that demographic. And I expect that that's going to continue. And it's one that -- we believe that McDonald's that we have a brand that could be part of culture. And we probably have, not in my view, we haven't done enough to lean into the stature of our brand and culture, and how we can connect to that. I think finding properties, finding a message that resonate with youth, but also resonate more broadly in culture, for us is a big upside opportunity. And we're seeing other markets.  The U.S. started some of this, but we're seeing other markets like Russia, like Spain pick up on the famous orders concept and getting very similar results on that. Just to me, it speaks to the ability of this brand and what we can do with it. I think in terms of how is that changing the mix? It's still early days on this, so I think we are seeing certainly the brand sentiment improving, but we're also having to move a pretty big boat here, and so we're not yet seeing it show up in terms of a big demographic shift within the business, but frankly, nor did we. This is something that I think for us is going to sustain over several years and it's -- again it's about making sure that our brand is one that is as powerful in the future as it has been in the past.
Chris Kempczinski: Yeah, let me start with your comp question, I guess. For the third quarter, at least both the U.S. and IOM comps were a little bit higher in with franchisees than they were with Company operated. That's not dramatically different than [Indiscernible] so for a while that's generally been the trend. Some of that is driven certainly in the U.S. depending on what the location of where our Company-operated stores are versus others.  But in general, franchisees are running a little bit ahead of Company operated on a comp basis, and that is what we saw both in the third quarter and on a year-to-date basis, I'll say this year. Related to free cash flow, we've said we expect our free cash flow coverage to -- conversion to be greater than 90%, both for this year and going forward. I don't want to surmise of when or if it could get to over 100%; for now, we're going to stay with that over 90%. I think we are seeing that we have a pretty healthy flow through in our P&L that converts to free cash flow.  The big question right now, and again as I mentioned a couple of times, we're still in our planning phase to look at capital requirements and what that means related to some of the opening opportunities that I mentioned earlier, etc. So, we've got to take all those pieces into account to figure out what the free cash flow profile looks for several years. We do expect free cash flow dollars to continue to grow. And I would expect that free cash flow conversion certainly to stay at high levels.
Kevin Ozan: Thanks, Chris. Our strong performance for the quarter resulted in adjusted earnings per share of $2.76, which excludes the gain as we completed the partial divestiture of our ownership in McDonald's Japan. Our strong sales generated an increase in restaurant margins of about $500 million for the quarter. G&A increased about 20% in constant currencies for the quarter, driven by higher incentive-based compensation expense as a result of Company performance, exceeding our plan this year.  We still expect G&A to be about 2.4% of system-wide sales for the full year. Year-to-date adjusted operating margin was 44.3%, reflecting the improved restaurant margins across all segments and higher other operating income compared to last year. Foreign currency translation benefited Q3 results by $0.04 per share. Based on current exchange rates, we expect currency to have a minimal impact on Fourth Quarter EPS, with an estimated full-year benefit of 0.21 to $0.23. As usual, this as directional guidance only as rates will likely change as we move through the rest of the year.  And finally, in September, our Board of Directors approved a 7% dividend increase to the equivalent of $5.52 annually. This marked 45 years of increasing our dividend for shareholders, further reinforcing our confidence in accelerating The Arches. We also announced the resumption of our share repurchase program. As a reminder, we had suspended share buybacks at the beginning of the pandemic as we took on additional debt to provide liquidity support to the McDonald's system. Since then, we've been focused on returning to pre-COVID debt ratios that support our strong investment-grade credit rating.  Going forward, we're confident that our operating performance will continue to fuel growth in our already strong free cash flow profile. As a result, we're committed to our historical capital allocation priorities. First, to invest in new restaurants, existing restaurants, and opportunities to grow the business. Then we expect to return all free cash flow to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases over time. Now, I'll turn it back to Chris to close.
Kevin Ozan: Just to touch on your point about Q4 two-year comps for the U.S. And I guess, the fact that they're decelerating a little bit from second and third quarter. A couple of things there, I guess, I'd say. One would be, I think, we're pretty pleased to see two-year comps in low double digits. That's certainly higher than our historical level. And if we're able to sustain that for a long period of time, I think, we'd be pretty happy with that. Certainly, there have been some changes that have gone on related to more of the full service restaurants reopening, stimulus benefits, unemployment benefits, rolling off. And so, we weren't sure how much that would impact our results and are pretty pleased that we're still able to achieve the double-digit comps. And so, I think we feel pretty good about going into fourth quarter right now in the U.S.
Kevin Ozan: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Eric. Certainly, pricing and cost pressures are a bigger focus over the last few quarters than they had been previously. Last quarter, I think I talked about how we were seeing roughly a 6% increase year-over-year in the U.S. We are still seeing that and that -- that's pretty much the level we expect for the full year 2021 over 2020 right around that 6%. And that's really to cover both labor cost pressures and commodity cost pressures that we're seeing.  If we step back for a second, obviously, we're all seeing the environment out there on a global basis, which is some pressure on commodities, certainly some pressure on labor availability and cost, supply chain disruptions, et cetera, that are all putting some pressure. We haven't seen, I’ll say, any more resistant to our price increases than we've seen historically. So that the 6% has been pretty well received by customers. We do certainly have a very big focus to make sure that we are balancing cost pressures and being able to cover those with making sure that our value perceptions by customers continue to be favorable. And we are continuing to see those surveys and scores from a value favorability perspective still positive from customers. So, we'll continue to keep an eye on it from a commodity perspective. Commodities were up roughly 2% or so through the first nine months, but we expect for the full year for those to be up roughly 3.5% to 4%, which will put a little bit of additional pressure on the fourth quarter, obviously. And then going into next year from a food and paper cost perspective, we would expect our cost to be up relatively in line with the industry right now. That expectation is roughly mid-single digits.  And so, we will continue to keep an eye both on the cost side and the pricing side. Both we and our franchisees over the last couple of years have been using a third-party for pricing advisory services, if you will, using a pretty deep consumer-based research approach. And so, we have, I think, more science built into our pricing decisions that take into account market conditions, competitive factors, et cetera. So, like I said, we'll keep a close eye on cost and pricing, but right now, so far, it's been received okay by customers.
Kevin Ozan: The only other thing I'd add is there are a couple of countries, the Spain and a little bit of France also, where they are more reliant on tourism. So as tourism starts getting back and returning a lot, that should help those countries too. But some of the slower countries to come back are some of the more tourist heavy countries, as well as having some of these vaccine passports that just add some logistical challenges with checking customers coming in. But as Chris said, there isn't anything structural that prevent all those countries from coming back strong.
Kevin Ozan: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Brian. Relating to our operating margins, I think in our investor update last year, we talked about for 21 and 22, we thought operating margins would be pretty much in the mid-to-low 40's. I think that's still our thinking right now. There will be some near-term moderation, potentially at restaurant margins as some of the labor costs and commodity costs kick in. But we also expect to get leverage as sales are improving. We're currently in the midst of working through our 2022 plan, so I don't have exactly specifics, but I think generally that mid to low 40s is the way we've been thinking about it, both for this year and for next year.
Kevin Ozan: I'll try and I'll let Chris add on to this one. It's a good question because you're right. I think early on in the pandemic, I think we believed that the average check would decline quicker than it certainly has. And I think the reason right now, at least is because the channels that much of our sales are going through which continue to be things like drive-thru delivery, digital as you mentioned, people are still going through and ordering for several people.  If you're getting delivery, you're getting it for your family or for at least a couple of people, if -- a lot of the folks going through drive-thru are getting orders for several people, And so we are seeing those larger order sizes continue. And I think at least some of that will be stickier than we originally may have thought. So, we don't anticipate certainly in the near-term average check returning back to the level it was at pre -pandemic. I think -- I lost my train of thought, but I do think we will continue to see the check continue to grow as those channels continue to grow. And like I said, we're not seeing any degradation of that check at this point.
Kevin Ozan: The only other thing I'd add is on the international side, certainly in Europe, dine-in is a bigger percentage of our sales and it is an important part of that business, and we have seen dine-in return. I mean, kiosk usage is getting back to almost where it was pre -pandemic, and so the family business is very important in Europe, and so to Chris ' point, we got to be careful about what we do because it isn't the same around the world as far as dine-in business, and how customers view that side of the business.
