Don Thompson: Hi Joe, this is Don. Just a little bit on the prep tables. The high density prep tables and I think that’s what you’re talking about relative to the kitchen changes in the U.S. are really, they are key enabler for the future menu and the reason that they are is that they give us a few things we don’t have today. One of those being room to add more ingredients another being [material well] which enables us to include fresh ingredients. It also helps us relative to the way that the kitchens are structured so that we have a mere image of time and it’s on both sides of our preparation table. And we won’t have to ergonomically; you won’t have to reach across the table for our crew to be able to prepare some of our foods, our sandwiches and our products. These things together really help support our future vision of the menu and that doesn’t necessarily mean that we are going to add a lot of things, but what it does means is it gives us the capability to optimize some of the products we have and it gives us the flexibility to have some new toppings that will help us to be able to customize some of the food products that we have. The U.S. is on track to meet its completion goal by mid-year and it’s going quite well. In addition to that Joe, the other thing that the U.S. is doing now and I mentioned it in my comments is what we call is reset, which is focusing back on staffing and scheduling and positioning. This is really, really critical because at this point in time and with the volumes that we have in the restaurant, we want to make sure that we can handle the peak hour capacities that hit the restaurants. And so, a combination of those things with the way that we’re rationalizing the menu to make sure we are not implementing too many new products with a better balance of focusing on the core and new products those things all together are really what this major focus in the U.S. is right now and it’s kind of a back to the basics with some enhancements in terms of our productivity and capability in the restaurants.
Don Thompson: Absolutely Brian, so a couple of things in a broader set. As we talked about the key priority markets and I mentioned some of things that we saw relative to commonalities. And those things really are what I will consider to be a translation of consumer insights into the action plans very strong and making sure that we are not trying to merely drive profitability on the end, but we’re focused on customers and the insights around customers. There are several things relative to Germany and these things are being addressed now by the leadership team that’s there. One is Germany is a very price sensitive market. And if we look at our performance, we have a couple of main issues; one being our core EVM movement and from a competitive perspective actually the bakeries in Germany are doing quite well. What customers have mentioned to us is that there is several things that we need to focus on; one is to reestablish our relevance because our menu boards have done a little bit out of whack. What I mean by that we’ve implemented a lot of new products similar to some of the implementations in the U.S. system and it really has confused customers to a certain extent. The other thing has to do with our pricing and our strategic relationship on the menu board. And this basically is the relationship between the value-based components and the rest of the limited time offers and the core EVMs. We’ve got to make sure that there is a much more rational and strategic pricing structure our teams are working on that. And lastly is the balancing of marketing and that is the balance between our core menu that I’ve talked about with Big Macs, Royales or Quarters, fries, how we leverage and talk about those things along with value along with limited time offers, offers like the (inaudible) products in Germany. And so, the combination of having a consistent balance there with having a consistent messaging around affordability and also making sure that we reestablished the relevance particularly with the offers we convey via our menu boards and marketing are the things the market’s focused on. As we were having our session in Germany it’s clear that the new leadership team that we have in place there is focused on these things. We also had a chance to meet with the franchisees in the Germany. They are very understanding of the situation that we’re in there. And frankly one of the things that galvanizes McDonald’s system is when you have poor performance and an impacted cash flow. And I know that our franchisees along with our company team there and it is a new team are all focused on improving the situation there and improving our aggressiveness in the marketplace.
Don Thompson: Thanks Jeff. First of all relative to breakfast, I mentioned in my comments, customers choose breakfast at McDonald’s because our breakfast tastes great. It has very, very high consumer score, freshly prepared products every morning as I mentioned, we actually crack eggs, we cook in our restaurants. This is not a microwave deal, we actually cook. We have grills and fryers and ovens. And so that's the reason that we're able to prepare breakfast. The other thing is our breakfast model is also focused on how we serve up that breakfast, quickly the customers that are on the go. And so, we continue to focus on those areas of strength that we have. And we have been serving breakfast now for over 30 years and it is our strongest, one of our strongest dayparts clearly, clearly one of the strongest from a profitability perspective, the strongest. And so we will continue to focus on our breakfast opportunities. The U.S. is focused today primarily on breakfast be a coffee and then our handheld sandwiches that we have at breakfast and also on some of the quality and freshness use that I have just talked about. And so those things will continue to focus on, continue to focus on the operational opportunities we have there in staffing and the scheduling and positioning of breakfast as well.
Don Thompson: Thanks David. Just a couple of points, one is there has been breakfast competition for a number of years in the U.S. market. And we’ve had some of our major competitors that may run at breakfast and seems every year there is a someone new that is making a run and none of them have really stopped their focus on breakfast, whether that’d will be the closer end and competitors or if that’s sandwich shops or that’s taco shops or anything else. Everyone has an opportunity and they wanted to look at breakfast. We have not seen an impact relative to the most recent competitors that entered the space. One of the things that happens at breakfast if anyone enters, customers would try the breakfast that it’s new, it will be something that they have not seen in the marketplace. So we expect customers to try. But what we also are confident in is our ability to execute at breakfast with again the things that I mentioned relative to being a restaurant to cooks and we have a delivery service that’s capable of satisfying the time need if you would of consumers. I think that new entrants into the market always bring a different level of attention to breakfast which in many cases supports us. Our breakfast continues to be a positive driver in our business in the U.S. And actually sometimes when these entrants come in, it forces us to focus even more on being aggressive relative to breakfast. I know you have just recently seen the coffee execution in the U.S. and our free coffee offers which really are about supporting our breakfast and supporting our breakfast foods as much as they are about reintroducing Americans to a delicious cup of McCafe coffee. So those are the things we do there. On the reset end, I did mention in my comments a bit about reducing, potentially this reduces the complexity. When you have a number of builds in the restaurant, basically what you are doing is you are leveraging the various condiments and products in the restaurant to build those sandwiches. If you can go to a more streamlined menu board approach and then still have those comments or condiments, so the customers can customize a bit,, it will help in terms of reducing if you will, complexity. Having said that though, customers want very taste. And so we need to be able to deliver that. They also want familiar favorites like the Big Macs and Quarter Pounders, Filet-O-Fish, Nuggets price and we need to be able to deliver on that. And we will be able to do both of those things the system that the U.S. is putting in place on reset just calls us back to a basic operations focus on our restaurant. And it helps us to enable better productivity with some of the things such as the high-density prep table and the high-density kitchen set as we have.
Don Thompson: Several different points, thanks David for the question, several points mentioned. On the consumer insights, we have tremendous amounts of data within the McDonald's system. Question is whether the data is then being translated directly to the specific action plans that we see being executed in the marketplace. And that is a combined effort between the franchisees and the market our leadership teams and our supply chain and our supply chain leaders. So we’ve got to make sure that we’re translating those consumer insights. The whole notion here is that you can’t be driven based upon optimizing profitability, even in the face of external pressures relative to the P&L. We still got to remain grounded in the consumers and that is what we saw at some slight gaps on the priority market. So we’ve got to get back to that consumer focus while mindful of some of these additional cost pressures to make sure that the plans are robust enough. But that is combined with several other things that I mentioned, one is the marketing messages. So if we are more streamlined and focused relative to this consumer insights to action plan, then the marketing focus and the messages won’t be so disbarred. And what we’ll be able to do is focus that strength and highlight that strength a little bit more solidly. The other thing that we saw was that affordability is one of those things that tends to get a little bit of less focus in tougher times and so in many of the markets, we fell off of our affordability messaging a bit, in some of the markets they are coming back on that. And then the core menu balance, we were chasing a few too many limited time offers. So for these primary focal markets, this is going to take time. I mean our planning process, you know us well, we plan with the franchisees and we plan not just two or three months ahead, we plan six months, nine months and usually a year ahead of time. So it’s going to take a while to see some of these things layered in. But it is about a series of multiple initiatives, it’s not a silver bullet and these things will take a bit of time. But I feel confident that our markets now are focused on leveraging the right processes, incorporating the right discussion points with the franchisees and moving the business for the long term in the appropriate manner.
Don Thompson: Jason, an outcome, so the refranchising plans are being built up market by market. So as we said, we didn’t start this with a particular targeted mind, but we want the markets to come back to us based on their knowledge of franchisees, their local business environment, their growth potential et cetera and come back to us with a more aggressive refranchising plan than they have today. And certainly one of the outcomes of that will be, as we get more franchised that is less capital intensive. So, it will allow us to grow at the same pace, at this pace that we’ve been growing at 2.5% to 3% new units with less capital. And so, it is definitely an outcome, it’s not the primary objective of looking at the refranchising, but it is certainly an outcome, it makes us a little less capital intensive. But it also makes, it converts that a company operated earning stream into the more stable and predictable rent and royalty franchising income stream which we think is the most valuable piece of all of this.
Don Thompson: Okay. I want to make sure, I kissed the last part of that again possibility, Will, but I’ll give this is shot. Relative to Dollar Menu and more, again stepping back relative to value menu in the U.S. during roughly the last 10, 12 year history, the U.S. has evolved the Dollar Menu to ensure the menu offers our liable customer preferences several times. Those changes have been made over this 10 year period to make sure we stay relevant. But we’re also mindful of the profitability aspects and the execution aspects of these menus within the restaurant. And we want to make sure that we provide the right things for our customers and we can do that over a sustained period of time. So, when we look at Dollar Menu and More, it is another of those evolutions. Dollar Menu and More as a percent of total day sales seems to be relatively in line with our historical averages. And we’re not seeing any dramatic change to the usage of Dollar Menu and More. And so right at this point in time Dollar Menu and More has performed to the expectations that we have had. I think the last part Will that you have mentioned was relative to, with the relative to premium products and the role that premium products played, I would say is there is a balance between what we just talked about with affordability Dollar Menu and More our core menu offerings and our premium base products. So when you see Clubhouse Burger in one of the local window -- one of the national windows you will probably see coming up in a local window, it maybe some mentions of breakfast, maybe some mentions of affordability or mentions of a limited time offer product. So Clubhouse Burger work grade nationally which you will also have to marry that along with some of the value messaging, you will also hear some beverage messaging and breakfast messaging. So that marketing calendar has to accommodate all of those, there is definitely a place for new food and innovation, new beverages and innovation, we just want to be mindful of the core offerings we have giving them the appropriate leverage in the marketing calendar as well as dayparts like breakfast.
Don Thompson: Thanks Jeff. I will try to answer; I think you got about four or five different questions in there, buddy. But the first one relative to the U.S., U.S. comparable sales trend stabilized during the first quarter of ‘14 and we saw sequential improvement in our reported results comp results, as well as narrowing of the gap to the QSR sandwich competitive set. And excluding the impact of this year’s severe winter weather, our U.S. comparable sales for the first quarter would have been relatively flat. We had about 1.4%, a little over 1.4% impact due to weather, which we don’t often talk about weather because you know next year one it’s much better, we probably won’t talk about it either, but truth of the matter is it did have some level of impact to us, but for you I will put that in the appropriate perspective. We don’t plan around weather at McDonald’s, we plan around customers. A couple of other things; we continue to see some, the IEO industry in the U.S. is still relatively flat. So, we know that there is going to be a market share battle, so we’ve got to focus on those things that our customers are focused on and desire. So in the U.S. there is a focus around breakfast and coffee as I mentioned, there is focused on balancing our core menu along with some of the limited time offers like you just saw with the Clubhouse Burger and Chicken Sandwich. And we’ve got this basic focus on operations to ensure that we can satisfy the needs of customers particularly during the peak hours. So that gives you a pretty overall perspective I’d say of our U.S. business and the state of that. From a breakfast perspective, I mentioned it a little bit earlier, our breakfast is strong and it continues to be a solid performer relative to our overall day part segments. And what we want to make sure is that we just continue to focus on the strengths that we have. And actually we have not talked as much about the quality aspects of our breakfast, we haven’t talked as much about the fact that we have restaurant business that cooks. There are entrants into the marketplace that don’t have the same capabilities we have. And so we're going to leverage the strengths that we have and leverage the capabilities we have to inform customers of the fact why we’ve been in the breakfast business for over 30 years and why we have become America’s favorite place to eat breakfast and we don’t plan on giving that up.
Don Thompson: Hi Sara. I just want to make a quick comment and then I’ll turn this over to Pete on margins. First of all, we have a fantastic group of franchisees in the U.S. business. Matter of fact, next week we have our worldwide [convention] where our franchisees from around the world will be there and we're looking forward to the dialogue and discussions we’ll have. So when we talk about profitability, what we're talking about is very viable businessman and businesswomen who look at the overall environment and are looking at some of the implications of commodities along with legislative pressures and then they will make decisions relative to their businesses. So, if we talk about a focus, losing a bit of the focus on the customer, it’s not because we don’t have solid business people or we have people that are trying to squeeze the business, they are looking at the overall perspectives of profitability, which they should do. What we've got to make sure is that our focus relative to profitability starts and ends with a customer focus and those visits to the restaurant and that's why we talk about the balanced plans. So I just wanted to reiterate that fact, I don't think we could have better franchisees, but just like us within the company, we've got to make sure that we all stay focused on the customers.
Don Thompson: Thanks for the question, Karen. Relative to our overall digital strategy, this is something that we have been looking in many of our markets around the world for some time. However, it’s not been what I would say a systemic strategy where we’ve leveraged the overall strength of McDonald’s. So, our digital vision is to bring in entirely new level of convenience and fun to the McDonald’s experience. And what we have done to be able to move that forward is identify a couple of areas about opportunity relative to that digital strategy one is the field -- really around experience and the fact that technology can enable us to enhance the customer interactions with our brand and many people would know of that by payment, ordering, redemption type opportunities, as well as customer relationship management. The second area is an area of engagement; it’s really how we engage customers both with us telling the story of some of the things we mentioned, the quality, messages around McDonald’s, the opportunities within the McDonald’s system, as well as our marketing campaigns and engaging social media to a stronger level. So, we are going to continue to do that. And from a global strategy perspective it’s really a framework that then allows the local markets to be able to move forward more effectively, will also leverage the strength of McDonald’s system globally relative to our strategic partners as we move forward. So, we’ve got several markets that are test markets around the world and we are leveraging from the things that they’ve already done. And we are really looking to be able to scale the best ideas we have while those things are then combined with some of the global strategies and strategic partners that we have that are much larger in terms of their scope to help us along on our digital journey.
Don Thompson: Thanks for the question, John. We will always remain focused on being locally relevant. And that’s the reason we have as you know John some of the market teams out there in the field, and they do a great job. And that is also to help us move quicker. So when it comes to many things at a local level, that’s the way we will continue to operate by leveraging those local teams and the local insights on consumers. You asked a question about whether or not things have changed relative to consumer insights and data, we have always had data, we’ve always attempted to leverage those insights, as we put forward the plans. The only thing that’s different, and we’ve been through this in cycles is that when you have external pressures, a number of them, sometimes our focus can shift a little bit more to how we ultimately will drive profitability at a restaurant level to handle some of those cost structures, and we lose a little bit of the front-end of those insights. And as a result, we focus more on the margin side of the business than we do on the guest count side of the business. And we know guest counts correlate to our overall results of profitability. So all we’re saying that’s happening in the markets, now is a refocusing on that front-end of the insights and a refocusing on how those insights need to translate to plans that are customer focused. First, we always will have the profitability aspects in mind as we plan but it’s got to be customer focused first. And all of the markets and our franchisees are well aware of this, but it can happen in cycles and when it does, we just have to make sure we call that out and we go back to the drawing board around how we move this business based on customers.
Don Thompson: Thanks Alex, Pete and I will kind of double team this one a little bit. First part relative to Russia, one of the things at McDonald's, and we’ve done this in all of the markets around the world. First and foremost will always be the safety of our employees and our guests. That is of the highest level importance to us. There has been no major incidents related to their safety in these current markets whether it’d be Russia or the Ukraine or Crimea or anything has happened in the current situation. Our restaurants generally are operating as normal, some are temporarily adjusting that evening hours based on customer traffic and we have three restaurants in Crimea that have been closed due to suspension of necessary financial and banking services. And so that kind of gives you a state off relative to Russia. There are some financial impacts and currency impacts and I ask Pete to speak to those.
Don Thompson: Thanks everyone again. And as we wrap up this morning’s call, I just want to make a couple of comments about where we are positioned as McDonald’s and where I see us? We remain committed to our strategies as we make thoughtful decisions to mitigate some of the short-term pressures and grow this business over the long-term. This has been consistent in terms of our approach, I have even more energy and passion around it today than I did 23 years ago, when I joined the company, because I know that this is a solid leadership team and we’re well aware of what it is we need to accomplish. I’m confident about our future; we have defensible competitive advantages, some of those we’ve talked about; our resilient model, and the alignment across our owner operators, our suppliers and our company teams to drive enduring profitable growth for our shareholders and our system. So, I thank all of you for your participation and for your thoughts about McDonald’s and we hope that you have a great day. Thanks again.
Pete Bensen: All right, good question John. I think you have to take -- the three levers that I mentioned, you really have to take those in combination with what Don said in his comments about the focus on the four priority markets. So, taking all of that together is really, the combination of all of that is what’s going to drive the value over the long-term for shareholders and the system, not anyone of those items in isolation. And as Don mentioned, to turn the sales trends line in those big markets, it’s going to take a little bit of time. And so, as we look at what else is there within our business model that in the meantime we can do to be accretive to value, looking at opportunities on the balance sheet as we said though we want to maintain that single A rating that’s been a cornerstone of our business model over the last 50 plus years and is an important piece of our financial strength and flexibility. Refranchising; at 81% franchised obviously that’s our primary method of doing business. While we’ve done refranchising over the last couple of years, we think there is opportunities to accelerate that. And so, of the financial lever, that's probably the one that has the most opportunity to drive value. And that by its nature is going to be a multi-year plan when we talk about the details. It's going to be a multi-year plan and it's really primarily focused outside the U.S. And, but it's also prudent for us to take a look at our G&A spend especially as we know there are growth opportunities in areas like digital where we want to allocate more funds and rather than have all of that be incremental, we're looking for ways to reallocate so that we can finance those and live within a certain G&A envelope. So, you can expect to hear from us by the end of the second quarter. And I think what you'd expect to hear is something broadly that covers kind of all of those areas and not just one or two of the specifics.
Pete Bensen: Yeah, Matt. You know there are actually 13 states at the beginning of the year that raised their minimum wage anywhere from $0.10 to a $1. And that’s before any potential federal minimum wage impact. So as I mentioned in my remarks we look at the traditional indices that tend to guide our pricing decision. So food away from home projected to be up 2.5 to 3.5 this year. I think inherent in that is you do see franchisees generally around the industry not just McDonald’s anticipating some of these higher input costs. So they have got what the states have already enacted today. They have got the discussion about a potential at the federal level for a lot of them, the healthcare mandate kicks-in in 2015 so they have to be mindful of that. So these cost pressures are definitely on everyone’s mind as you think pricing, yet as Don mentioned you have to strike that right balance between everyday affordability and providing them premium products that will drive them into the restaurant as well. But as we get too focused on individual profitability and less focused on the customer that’s when we start to run into some of these challenges.
Pete Bensen: And in terms of the company-operated margins, Sara, we've historically said in a normal environment and we've defined that as being kind of a 2% to 3% inflationary environment. In that kind of normal environment, we need a 2% to 3% comp to maintain margins. And our assumption in that is that half of that comp is coming from check and half of that is coming from traffic. And so, what you saw this quarter is we've got a disproportionate share, the comp was negative, while we had over 3% price increase. So, we had a disproportionate impact of the price increase this quarter is why you saw margins down only 10 basis points. So, we, as Don mentioned in those four priority markets getting the sales and guest count trend lines stabilize and going back positive is what's going to have the most significant impact on our margins. We've always stayed at the top-line gain and we really need that comparable sales growth and the traffic growth to be able to benefit and leverage that profitability. So that's our focus and really there has been no structural change that would cause us to believe that overtime we can't continue to grow those margins as long as we're generating those positive comps.
Pete Bensen: Yes, Alex. During the quarter, the ruble was down about 14% and it was down a little bit more subsequent to the quarter end. And why that’s relevant is Russia imports almost 50% of their food that they use in the restaurants and those imports are denominated, both in euro and U.S. dollar. So when the local currency devalues like that, they have a financial impact. So locally, they had a 200 basis point impact to their margins in Russia from the devaluation that translated into about a 55 basis point impact on total Europe company operated margin solely from the devaluation. So if you assume the ruble is going to stay at this depressed level the rest of the year, that’s something we’re going to be battling with for the rest of the year in our European margins. That said, Russia has some of the most profitable restaurants around the system, so they are about 10% of our consolidated margins but they are less than 5% of our overall operating income. So in the grand scheme of things to the overall profitability, they are less than 5% but they do impact the margin line somewhat disproportionately because of those imports and because of the high volumes and the high margin they do run.
