Jim Skinner: Mike, this Jim Skinner. First of all, we learn a lot every year about how to manage our way through these commodity cost increases. But we've been doing it a long time, not just 2007 and 2008 and certainly '09 and now coming '10, and now going into 2011. It's really been business as usual in the way we approach this relative to the supply chain and the treasury working together on some of the hedging and the out contracts relative to those things that impact the commodity cost, as you know, to lock in prices so that we have a reasonable expectation in the P&L for our franchisees. But with that, I'll let Pete talk specifically to what that process looked like or what our assumptions were.
Jim Skinner: David, Jim Skinner, and I'm going to have Don Thompson talk about the specific segments, if he will. I wish it were that scientific but we measure everything. And as you know, we have a very comprehensive pricing tool that we use in every segment and we're pretty good at taking a look at all of those factors that are going to have an impact. But the most important factor is really, what about the elasticity that we have for pricing relative to the value orientation for our customers, which is the most important thing. And when we factor all of those things together, including inflation, we do have the opportunity to pass some of those costs along in price increases. But as Pete said in his comments, not all of those in every market. And so with that, I'll let Don talk a little bit about the segments.
Jim Skinner: And just to comment also that maybe had been overlooked, is we've improved our customer satisfaction scores throughout 2010 in most every segment, including the United States. And so these reimagings along with the new POS and those other tools that the management crew have for delivering a greater experience for the customer and drive-thru optimization that Don talked about, gives us a lift. Not only in reimaged stores but in stores that are enhancing drive-thru experience at the front counter. And we got to be sure we don't forget about operating excellence as a driver of sales growth.
Jim Skinner: I think we also, as we have over the last three years, John, as you know, continue to look at combined operating margin which has increased every year. And so that's the mix really when you're taking a look at the margin expectation, but just as a headline. And Pete answered it properly, we have no tolerance for decreasing margins overall. But we don't manage our business to that.
Jim Skinner: And Jeff, regarding China, this is Jim, we only point out the softening IEO because it's a fact and something that you would expect us to comment on. But it does not concern us in the short-term or the long-term. Nor does it necessarily dictate our strategy in China. Our strategy's been strong. We're opening more and more restaurants, we're opening more and more drive-thrus, we're meeting the consumers' needs on menu. And certainly, we price in that marketplace just like we do everyplace else based on the movement up and down the scale relative to the economy and in the informal eating-out and in the quick service sector. And so it's in there because it's softened some but when you look at the population and the penetration in the marketplace, it's not a significant factor in our strategies.
Jim Skinner: Mitch, Jim Skinner. I'll start with the franchising. We made a commitment a few years ago to transition 1,500 restaurants into the hands of franchisees. We're about 1,400 now. We're pretty much through with that and there hasn't been any significant shift relative to the overall franchising as a percentage. And there's no intention to move off of that strategy. We will look at our ownership structure in various markets around the world where we have the opportunity to continue to put the restaurants in the hands of more franchisees. But that number will be pretty much where it is today, I think over the long term.
Jim Skinner: Greg, this is Jim Skinner. Let me just comment on that because oatmeal is near and dear to my heart, I eat a lot of it. But I would have to say that, if you look at McDonald's history, we grow the breakfast daypart every year and we have really since the inception of breakfast 30-some years ago. And the Dollar Menu last year helped us with that certainly in terms of guest count growth around breakfast time frame. And really gave us a boost on value across the menu. But the expectation would be, again, in 2011, that breakfast would continue to grow as a daypart.
Jim Skinner: Well, not much has changed going into 2011 from the way we looked at it last year, John. And so if you look at the economy, we pay close attention to the consumer confidence in the United States. That has ticked down from November again. You know the unemployment levels as well as I do. So when you look at the job markets, I don't see a lot changing there in the near term. There has been some slight growth and a little bit of change in the economy over the last six months. But when we go into 2011, I think we're sort of seeing this the same way. Whether or not we expect the informal eating-out market to grow is, maybe slightly in 2011. But quite frankly, we don't see a substantial change there. When you look at Europe, Europe continues to have fits and starts but, as Pete mentioned in his comments, we're really not seeing an impact from some of these austerity measures yet. And as I've said many times before, our business model operates fairly well in these environments and Europe's had fits and starts before, and we've managed through those over the years and we don't expect to see substantial impact from that relative to certainly the overall growth of McDonald's share against the informal eating-out. And the overall economies around the world though, I should say, are sort of where they were coming out of 2010 going into 2011. And don't see a whole lot of change there. But I do believe that GDP will be better in 2011 in the U.S. And I think countries in Europe remain to be seen. But we always have to remember that when we look at Europe, it's 50 countries all operating at different levels of economic performance. And so we've managed through that one country at a time. Yes, the big three: U.K., Germany and France are big drivers of our business there and we certainly manage very well through those ups and downs in those countries as well.
Jim Skinner: Yes. That's why we said there are some people who said, "Well, we mentioned weather, but was it really a concern over austerity and the issues in Europe?" And the answer to that is no. We feel like there was at least a 5% impact on sales in Europe and more than 2% here in the United States. Airports were closed in Europe. You'll all remember people skiing on the steps of the administration buildings in France, people trapped in London, Berlin airports. So we have a tendency to forget that. Even here when there's no traffic, it's a little difficult for us to operate.
Jim Skinner: Well, thanks, everybody for joining us. In closing, I want to reiterate the ongoing strength of our global business and the optimism we have in the continued success of the McDonald's brand. Our Plan to Win remains a strong and relevant strategy and one that continues to resonate with our customers around the world. With our entire system aligned and focused, I'm confident that we'll continue to deliver for our more than our 62 million customers a day. Thanks, and have a great day.
Peter Bensen: Mike, as Jim mentioned our goal there really in our commodity hedging with our suppliers is to provide predictability and stability in the pricing. So we look at our basket of goods as a -- if we look region by region, the U.S., we have more opportunity to lock in cost because of broader markets and more instruments available to our suppliers to do that hedging. And so we're not going to give specific percentages by each category. We're about as locked-in today as we were a year ago at this time and have a fair degree of confidence in that 2% to 2.5% increase. Probably the biggest variable in that will be beef. We built a substantial increase in our beef cost into that guidance but that's the one market that looks like it could be the most volatile for us. The same with Europe, beef is probably the biggest driver of our volatility there. Where, typically, less opportunity to lock in and hedge broadly across the continent, although each year, both in Europe and APMEA, we get more and more opportunity to get that done. So the U.S., at 2% or 2.5%, we feel pretty good about that in terms of our ability to raise prices where it makes sense to deal with that. But as we look at price as we've experienced these last couple of years, growing traffic is very important. So as I said in my remarks, we're going to look to balance traffic growth with recovering input costs and the same basically in the other two areas.
Peter Bensen: David, traditionally as we've looked at our model, we've said that in the U.S., a 2% to 3% comp in a normal year is what we need to maintain margins. So from an input side, cost input side this year, this looks like a normal year for the U.S. Europe, our cost structure is a little higher and, yes, typically, we need a three-plus to maintain margins there. And a couple things: One, commodity costs are going to be a little bit higher than average this year in Europe and that increase in the social taxes in Russia is that 30 basis-point drag on the segment's margin is adding some additional challenge. They have a social charge on wages there that's going from 26% to 34% of wages and about 20% of our McOpCo sales come out of Russia. So that's more of an unusual, one-time item that's impacting Europe but it is a consideration when we look at the margins there for the year.
Peter Bensen: Matt, it's Pete. I'll clarify, that increase in taxes in Russia is effective January 1, so we did not experience any of that in December. And I'll let Don talk about the opportunity that we still have ahead of us in beverage.
Peter Bensen: Andy, it's just that some of that labor is a fixed cost. So as we drive comps as a percentage of sales, it goes down as a percent. But our hourly wages and some of the variable costs in there were increasing.
Peter Bensen: John, we have no internal tolerance, to use your word, for McOpCo margin. As we talked this morning, we don't manage solely by McOpCo margin. And you heard a lot from Don and Jim about our pricing philosophy. Now the flip side to that, worldwide, we're 80% franchised. And so obviously, it is important that the franchisees' profitability, so it's not like our store-operating margin is irrelevant but it's in the mix, it's in that art that Jim talked about in our pricing decisions. And it's something we look at, but we have no internal guidelines, if you will, that if it is looking like it's going a certain direction, that we suddenly jump on price.
Peter Bensen: And as we move throughout the year, John, you asked a question about progression. In the U.S., the second and third quarters will be the highest in terms of the increase. Europe seems pretty stable in terms of that increase throughout the four quarters.
Peter Bensen: All right, Jeff, I'll talk about the U.K. a little bit and ask Don or Jim to talk about China. With the VAT increase, I think as you know, VAT is netted in our sales number there. So we took the 2 1/2% increase, which basically is neutral to comps because the underlying tax increased 2 1/2%. So we needed that just to stay even. And consumers in the U.K. have been conditioned, we took prices down when VAT went down a couple of years ago and we raise them when they go up. That happens across all the retail, so we're on the same footing as everyone else. And then now that we're on the same footing and we've recovered the VAT, we're going to look at the price increases to our backdoor in the U.K., just like we do all around the world. We're going to try to balance, continuing to provide great value, we'll look at it store by store and we won't be looking at any one particular measure to determine when and how much to raise prices.
Peter Bensen: Yes. I think that the one blip that you may have seen there, we purchased about 40 restaurants in Canada at the end of the year. But that was just part of our plans to kind of look at that market and redistribute necessarily where the McOpCos are at. So looking at the other operating income line, Mitch, I think you have it right in terms of thinking that the income from that line in 2011 will likely be lower than it is in 2010 primarily for a couple of reasons. We will probably have fewer gains on store sales and as we do more reimaging, we tend to have more asset write-offs associated with the restaurants that we touch. But it will be down from the approximate $200 million of income that we recorded this year.
Peter Bensen: You know, Keith, the two events that are mentioned on an as-reported basis account for essentially all of the decline next year. So what that means is our underlying G&A continues to be flat. So we work really hard as an organization to continually re-allocate our G&A. And what we mean by that is looking at getting resources closer to the customer that were going to impact decisions at the restaurant and minimizing back-of-the-house, administrative-type costs. And that's just a part of our culture. It's an ongoing focus. It's allowing our ongoing normal recurring G&A to be relatively flat, is pretty good.
Peter Bensen: Sure, Joe. The comp for China for the fourth quarter was 5.2% and the guest comp growth was a little more than 6%.
Peter Bensen: Nicole, I'll quantify what we estimate our pricing increases were for the full year in 2010 and I'll let Don talk a little bit about the relationship between the change in the menu board price and what flows through in the P&L. But as I said in my remarks, the U.S. was essentially flat. So we basically took zero. Europe was closer to 3%, with markets like Russia being a little bit higher, and Germany, the U.K. being a little bit lower than that. And APMEA was about 1%, which was pretty average amongst the major markets there. So that's what we experienced in 2010 but I'll let Don talk a little bit about flow-through and customer resistance.
Peter Bensen: And Nicole, this tool we use, one more point on the resistance. We take a historical look at restaurant by restaurant, what price increases we've taken and what's happened to guest count movement, et cetera. So through that, we're actually able to isolate which products tend to have the lower amount of resistance to price increases. And typically, we'll focus on them as well.
Donald Thompson: David, to Jim's point and Pete's point, one of the things that we look at quite intently is the consumer base side of this. So food away from home is a huge component, which is related to CPI. But we look a little deeper than the CPI piece alone, so we'll look at the producer price index as a result of that. And then we look at food at home. And so one of the things we found in the U.S. quite a few years ago was that pricing to food away from home and below food away from home maintained a good value rating for us and to the point again made, a good sensitivity from consumers in terms of their ongoing purchase intent. So that was a big point. The other thing though that we learned was that food at home does matter, so grocery store prices do matter. If you look at the U.S. this last year, you saw about a 1.3 in terms of food away from home. But interestingly enough, you only saw 2/10 increase in food at home. So our pricing, we have to be able to flex around those points and make sure we have solid value. It is not based upon our competitors' pricing alone. Matter of fact, that's a very small portion of our consideration but we do look at the others. When you look around the rest of the world, it varies to Pete's point by market. You got markets that have higher inflation, such as sometimes markets like Russia. You've got other markets that have very low inflation, such as markets like the UK. And so even as we look at all of our pricing strategies, we have to take into account market-by-market those individual circumstances. And so we look at food away from home, food at home, and then we try to make sure that we continue to remain our value proposition, which to Pete's point is really around price stability especially around the value menus.
Donald Thompson: Matt, to the point we have some big benefits still available, we think, in beverages. Keeping this in mind, remember it was only a few years ago beverages represented 2% a sale -- or I should say, coffee. And the whole coffee base represented about 2% a sale in the U.S. To date, it's over 6%, and we still have some opportunities there. In 2011, you're still going to see some benefit from frappes and smoothies. You're going to see benefit I think continuing relative to the way the market and calendars are structured, to continue to, on an on-going fashion, talk about our McCafé line up. So we're not running away from those. We want to make sure we continue to market those effectively. But I wouldn't be as shortsighted as looking only at the beverage side. We continue to have great consumer reaction to our core products. So this past year, Big Macs and the nuggets, that Pete talked about and Jim talked about, the breakfast value keeping in mind that last year or 2010 was the first year we implemented breakfast value at a national level. All the markets had, had something before, but with a concerted voice. So we continue to have that as it moves forward. We hope to see some economic benefit as recovery, but we don't count too much on that as of this point. But you've got a great core and we've got the value that we'll continue to talk about. You still got beverages. The U.S. will begin, in a more aggressive way, their reimaging programs this year, which always gives a lifts to the brand as we move that forward as well. Extended hours, the U.S. grew another couple of points last year so they still got some opportunity. It's in the high-30s versus being in the 50s when you look at 24/7 over in APMEA, so still room there. More room to grow in terms of drive-thrus as we look at drive-thru optimization. And the third phase of that was side-by-side and dual lanes and all the investments that we and the franchisees continue to make. So those are some of the things and that's without talking about the rest of the pipeline, which right now we have many of the markets around the world tapping into the global pipelines that we've established, everything from wraps to wings to Angus burgers and Angus snack wraps. So we feel pretty good about the menu pipeline and about our ability to continue to drive the business.
Donald Thompson: I'll chat a little bit about this, and if Pete or Jim want to chime in, they definitely can on this one. Relative to reimaging, what we think will happen in the U.S. is very similar to what we've seen. I'm glad you brought up some of the markets in Europe. I'll pick a couple of them we've talked about before. France and Australia, if you look at Australia, it's been now about seven years since they actually began some of their reimaging. The market is now complete. We've continued to see great business movement in Australia and we continue to see great guest count movement really driving that. So demand is driving it. As we move into, if you look at France and look at the different decors, what we try to do in markets outside of France and Australia is learn from what they did. So in the U.S., one of the things that we held back on in 2010 was to get the design portfolio right so consumers would react to that portfolio in a positive way. And as a result of that, we've begun to do interiors and exteriors at the same time in the U.S. And so we think that we're going to see some really good benefit to both the designs themselves. The designs in Manhattan will be a little bit different than the designs in Kearney, Missouri but the exteriors of the building will fit the neighborhoods and the consumers that we see there. So we're pretty positive relative to reimaging. Incrementally, we are still seeing that 6% to 7% in terms of incremental sales, the returns are strong, but keeping in mind the returns are based not only on the investment and the cost there but also on a broader base of where sales go in those marketplaces. So we have seen when we get to a certain point, 30, 40 percentile in the markets that we see an additional brand lift in those marketplaces as well.
Donald Thompson: Jeff, to Jim's point, our strategies remain sound. A few things we do see, one is in the south, we saw some pretty good recovery in 2010. You all know that in 2009, the south was a point of concern just relative to where the economy was going. South recovered pretty well. North and Central we still see a little bit of softness there. I think the thing that we continue to watch is what we've talked about already when we look at food at home across China, that's where we're seeing the greatest escalation. It was over 10% in terms of basically their version of the producer price index, and so we continue to look at that, but it really helps us relative to our execution strategy, which is around our value programs, our Value Lunch programs. We continue to build breakfast in China. Our breakfast percentage increase is now roughly seven percentile and still a lot of room to grow based on the Asians' and the Chinese habit relative to breakfast. So we feel pretty strong about the actual plan that we have along with the development plan as we continue to grow the marketplace.
Donald Thompson: Nicole, typically it depends on the area we're in little bit. But typically when there's a menu price increase, you'll get about a 50% or 60% flow-through. Now that again depends upon the pricing structure in the area of the world. Relative to resistance, we try really hard, as I mentioned earlier, to make sure that we're priced below in terms of these increases, food away from home, and then we're mindful of food at home. What happens is if you get outside of those kind of guidelines, we have seen that you can have some resistance. But if you look at our guest count growth, we have been able to manage this exceptionally well. If you look at the U.S. last year, they were very mindful of the price increase so they didn't take much at all. As a result, we had the highest guest count growth that we've seen historically on an annual basis for comp in recent history. So when you look at Europe, Europe managed it very, very well. They were able to take a little more price increase as a result of what's happened in areas like Russia, as Pete mentioned earlier. But nonetheless, great guest count growth. This was a really strong year for us in terms of guest count growth. You just heard the numbers on China. And knowing what the economy is in China, to see the results that we've seen there relative to guest count increases really bodes well especially as we move into the future. So those two points, food away from home, mindful of food at home, mindful of the competitive set all help us in terms of our pricing strategies.
Donald Thompson: Matt, no, it has not changed our strategy. Our strategy has been around the core cities initially and then growing out from the core cities. Matter fact, to see the recovery in the south is very, very positive for us. We've got -- a lot of our initial sites have been in that southern area. So we feel really strong there. We feel good about our growth strategies in terms of our -- many of you may have been over in China earlier this year and heard Kenneth [Chan] talk a little bit about our strategy, which is a ring strategy of focusing on the core cities. Then one of the things we have done is as we move out to the outer ring, we're focused on drive-thru development more so now. We know that the drive-thrus give us additional sales and returns even though it's a slightly higher cost structure because of the amount of land required to put a drive-thru in, we get stronger returns there. So our strategy has not changed, focus on the core, move out from the core, incorporate drive-thrus. And also at the same time be able to have full menu across the market. So it still remains the same.
Donald Thompson: No. Howard, a couple of things on average check. One to your point, if you implement a value menu of sorts, there are times when we will see some slight erosion relative to the average check. We picked that up in terms of the total transactions and overall profitability is also higher. Having said that, there's more than the value components of average check. We also have implemented the beverage strategy. As a result, our items per transaction on a beverage purchase will be lower than items per transaction when you're buying an overall meal that includes sandwich, fries or side, and then the drink. And so what we do see is because of those individual purchases, and also because of the benefit we get with those purchases later in the day, snack periods, et cetera, we have seen that the average check component that we've seen. Our average check is very, very healthy. The new products have performed very, very well, so we're good there. When you ask a question about McCafé relative to the hot and the cold, we have seen good growth across beverages based upon the numbers we came out initially with McCafé. And we talked about $125,000 based upon all of the McCafé beverages, frappes and the smoothies, those numbers that we gave earlier, we've exceeded the expectations that we have for the numbers. And so we're solid both on the hot end and on the cold end relative to beverages.
Donald Thompson: Jason, franchisees as you know, are free to choose their pricing strategies. We do offer support relative to an outside, a third-party service that gives guidance and strategic thoughts around pricing. So the franchisees avail themselves of that service. And they pay for a portion of that service themselves. But relative to how that impacts the overall business and how that impacts our overall pricing strategy, we feel like, and the franchisees feel like, they've been in pretty good shape relative to the price increases. They don't pick their prices solely based upon our Company-operated restaurants. They look at individual restaurants, as Pete mentioned earlier, and individual marketplaces and that is the case around the world relative to franchisee pricing. So have they taken any? Some of them have taken some price increase and that's just an ongoing approach, ongoing way of doing business that they look at their prices.
