James A. Skinner: Well, Michael, this is Jim, and then maybe Don would like to talk about the U.S. business in terms of the pipeline. But I think the answer to your question is yes, we do believe we can sustain our growth with core being the fundamental driver of that, as I mentioned in my comments this morning. Core plays an enormous role in terms of our overall sales growth and the top line every year, not just in 2012, as it did in 2011. And you have to remember that some of these new menu items as well that we add on are not all 13th month yet from last year. And at the same time, we're continuing to add new menu items in the pipeline around the McCafé and other sandwich line items. And so I don't know if, Don, you want to talk -- and we have no visibility around the back half of 2013 just yet. Or if we do, no one's told me about it.
James A. Skinner: Yes, David, this is Jim. I'll just give you an overview from my vantage point. You've already talked about all the bad news in Europe, and certainly, there are a number of issues there that we have to deal with in terms of headwinds. But I think regarding the McDonald's brand, despite negative market momentum, McDonald's continues to show increases in both informal eating out and the QSR share. We continue to take share in those marketplaces. And sales have been solid. Our value, convenience and overall business model continues to serve us well there. We're positioned well with branded affordability, strategic menu price increases in premium products across the board in Europe. And as I've said many, many times, I think that our business model serves us well in any environment, as long as we propel ourselves through that time period with the proper level -- levers in our business. The most important thing right now around the world, and has been, really, if you look at it for the last 8 to 9 years, is everyday affordability on the menu, coupled with premium sandwiches and fourth-tier menu items in that marketplace that continue to serve us well, along with the reimaging. We've not stood still. So if you look at the contemporary nature of our brand in that market during what one could term a very, very difficult economic downturn, which we've had before in Europe -- this is not the first time we've gone through this -- McDonald's continues to push forward on behalf of the consumers in those marketplaces, and it continues to serve us well. Now relative to parsing the data, which is something that Pete would do, maybe he has some other information that might differ from my opinion.
James A. Skinner: Well, I wouldn't tell you exactly what the magnitude is. It varies by marketplace and by restaurant, of course. I think the important thing to understand is that increasing capacity, particularly during peak hours in our restaurants, is critical for us to be able to continue to grow guest counts and grow the top line. And we've done a number of things to facilitate that. You talked about the POS. We talked about multiple ordering points. But scheduling, planning and positioning, the blocking and tackling in the restaurant, with an attitude of serving more customers during those peak hours, is probably the most important thing. It's not rocket science. It takes the managers and crew being positioned properly, having enough staff there to take care of the demand that Don talked about. And it's been a mission at McDonald's, the 40 years that I've been here, to continue to do that better and better every year and every day. And so when you see us go from 64 million customers a day to 68 million customers a day, that throughput is coming from facilitation that I've just mentioned. And we're very excited about the number of things that we're able to bring to the party. But it's not all technology. A lot of it is simple things like proper scheduling, positioning and then planning for your shift, planning for that time period from 11 to 1, for example, to be able to facilitate faster service, and fast service begets more customers.
James A. Skinner: Well, Keith, this is Jim Skinner. I heard your comment on this yesterday on CNBC, by the way, and thanks for the positive plug. But yes, it's an enormous opportunity for us. There's not a lot different about it except to say that it's sort of in the proper time zone, if you will, being in London and being in Europe. And so that you get viewing audiences from the U.S. and from all across Europe. And so that's good for us. Our success with the Olympics is always about the implementation of our efforts on the ground through all of this. We have all of our programs in place today to take advantage of opportunities for our crew people and the local communities to participate with the athletes, in many cases, and being associated with the Olympics and the Paralympics. We also, of course, are going to have 4 restaurants right there on site. We always do a great deal of business and have the brand front and center regarding that. And of course, the overall integration of these planning processes across the United States and around the rest of the world in conjunction with the Olympics is really the linchpin to the success of a particular Olympic event. And we're very optimistic about the plans that we have in place to do that. I'm hearing a lot of good news out of London, and the team there is doing a tremendous job preparing themselves for execution around this Olympics. And we expect great success. And as you know, we've signed just signed up through 2020 now. Don Thompson was just in Austria to execute that agreement. And we're excited about the association with the Olympics well into the future.
James A. Skinner: Thank you, Kathy. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. In closing, I want to reemphasize the fundamental strength of our global business. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic that we can continue to drive results in any environment. We'll execute our proven customer-focused Plan to Win while strategically managing through the market forces around us. With our entire system aligned and committed to the success of the brand, I'm confident we'll keep delighting our customers and achieving our revenue income and return goals. Thanks to all of you, and have a great day.
Donald Thompson: Michael, in the U.S., several major drivers. One of which has been consistent over the last several years is breakfast, continues to drive the business, not just from a value component perspective but also even in some of the new product entrées such as oatmeal. We continue to see leverage from some of the McCafé-based beverages, even the blended ice beverages, which are spread across the day. So we get some lift from that. The whole notion of core that Jim mentioned is really big in the U.S., and not just Big Macs have played very, very well. But there's a lot of other basic things that the U.S. is doing. Expanding hours and continuing to extend that is something that's helping us out. The benefit that the U.S. has today relative to core or technology and the fact that we now have the restaurants up on a new POS platform is allowing us to be able to begin to address capacity, particularly at peak hours, in a stronger fashion. So those things, all of those components and several others are really helping the U.S. continue to drive. What the U.S. has not done as much yet, and we still have headroom, is some of the global pipeline also that Jim alluded to in terms of premium-based sandwiches from Europe, are still products that we have opportunities within the U.S. And I know the team is looking at that.
Donald Thompson: Joe, and on the U.S. consumer side, just from -- and I'll reference this from a purchase perspective in the U.S. They'll come with things we always look at in terms of trying to determine whether or not we see substantial consumer movement, one of which is daypart analyses. So as we look at dayparts like evenings and breakfast, do we see -- are we seeing more momentum in some of those dayparts which typically starts to -- if you correlate that with some of the unemployment numbers and some of the hired numbers, the new job numbers, it tends to help us a little bit. We see a little bit of movement. I mean, our evening dayparts were a pretty strong comp and breakfast has been a pretty strong comp for us. But it's still pretty early to tell. And Pete mentioned the word volatile. I think, in the U.S., we're still volatile. And so our value still appeals. But even in our value numbers, we've not seen our value numbers really change dramatically from a percent of sale perspective. So we know that the P mix [ph] is pretty solid. We do see some strength in evening dayparts and breakfast, but I think it's a little too early to tell whether or not this is a sustainable trend.
Donald Thompson: Kind of real quick across the board, in terms of new products we see on the beverage front, Australia just launched smoothies. And so we're taking a good read of that. They've got some pretty good volume on the first launch of that. We see some of the other premium sandwiches, particularly the wraps that started off in Austria and Poland -- those are really traveling around Europe quite aggressively. We see, also, the ability for us -- we're seeing a little bit more of some of the premium sandwiches that Europe has had also stretching into some of the Asia/Pacific, Middle East markets a little bit. Probably, the biggest of all of the menu pieces, I would say, is breakfast. Breakfast is beginning to circulate around the rest of the world. We're starting to see some changes. The U.K. is up to about 14% and Germany is at about 5%. So if you look at the U.S., relative to 25-plus percentile, you begin to say, "Wow. There's some tremendous opportunity there." So we got a lot of room still in breakfast products, the premium sandwiches. Wraps are traveling. McBites are in the U.S. from Australia and smoothies and beverages are traveling around the world. So those things are going to continue. Not everyone is going to launch smoothies in 2012. It'll be kind of stretched out over several years around the world.
Donald Thompson: Jeff, this is Don. I'll take the first part of that on mix due to austerity and then I'm sure Pete will take the next one on leverage. The challenge with Europe is there's not one -- as you all know, there's not one country called Europe. So it's very different across the various markets. And let me give you perspective. Spain's at 22% unemployment. Have we seen a shift in terms of P mix [ph] into Spain to more value-based products? Yes, we have. But what Europe's done a really great job of is also adding in the premium-level products. So we still get some balance, so that we're not tremendously eroding margins. If you go to some other markets, better yet the upcoming year with Portugal, Pete talked about some of the VAT increases. We expect we'll see the ability to have a stronger value presence as well as a mid-tier presence in a market like Portugal. On other extremes, a market like France, France has been able -- and Germany have been able to implement some premium-based sandwiches. And although the German consumer is a little tighter relative to the expenditures, products like -- and Jim talked about Hutengoutie [ph], big beef sandwiches. Those things can sell a little bit better in those type of markets. The U.K. has movement across all price tiers. So when we talk about whether or not the mix will be affected due to austerity, I think there's 2 different things. One is what we do in those markets relative to our marketing messages and our value offerings, that helps us to modify our mix just a little bit. The other thing is Europe has done a great job on the premium-based products. And so the 2 of those things have helped us to manage through margin pressures a bit. But in a broader sense, it's helped us in terms of generating income.
Donald Thompson: John, this is Don. Just I think we have to keep in mind as well, we drove a lot of demand. 60-plus percent of our growth was due to increased demand in the restaurants. So while we talk about some of the limiting factors associated with cost or taxation, the thing that we continue to strive for is to make sure we continue to bring in additional customers into the restaurants. So when you see at U.S. with great guest count movement and sales, when you see Europe and Asia/Pacific, Middle East, Africa, China, even our Latin American markets with the high inflationary environments that they're in, continuing the growth guest counts -- as long as we can continue to do that and appeal with compelling offers, the top line portion of that -- and manage the margins effectively, we'll still be able to drive this business forward. And that's what we've been doing for the last several years.
Donald Thompson: Sara, I'll try to take a cut at several things in there. Real quick on the U.S. relative to reimaging, I mean, if you really think about it, we're just getting started. We were able to do a couple of hundred in 2010 and then 900-plus in 2011. We have a lot of opportunities still left. And the returns that we're seeing, as we've talked about to you guys, have been very strong. Relative to some of those other things -- and I just call it multiple drivers. So in Europe, drive-thru. So 63% of the restaurants that have drive-thrus, about 46% of sales in those restaurants. That's only 30%. When you look at that relative to a U.S. business that is in the upper 60 percentiles overall, we have a lot of room to go. And a lot of it has to do with what Jim just mentioned, which is staffing, scheduling, positioning, as well as the physical plans that we have. So we're doing more dual-lane drive-thru, more handheld order taker, kiosk opportunities in France and other areas. So those kinds of things in Europe. Breakfast, if you look at Europe in terms of the number of restaurants that we have serving breakfast, we have a long way to go. APMEA is probably moving forward in that direction a little quicker. We got about 70-plus percent of our restaurants that serve breakfast in APMEA -- across APMEA. But you've got certain markets that have really made a big jump. Malaysia, as an example, China. So we have good focus in Japan now on breakfast. So I think when you look across the board, those kinds of things will be big, as well as, you mentioned it again, extended hours. So we'll keep focusing on all of those opportunities. We have a lot of headroom left around the world in those areas.
Donald Thompson: Andy, and relative to the promotional calendars, we try to take into account some of the commodity movements. But sometimes, they're so volatile that by the time you plan something out, which is typically at least 8 to 12 months ahead of the time that you all see it on the calendar, we don't have the level of flexibility. But the reason that we do McRibs when we do McRib and we look at some of the chicken-based products when we look at us some of the chicken-based products is part of our attempt to look at when those commodities are at their high points and make sure that we stay away from those time frames. But in a volatile economy and volatile commodity marketplace, that's a little difficult. So what we try to do is make sure that, even with the range of price change, that the food cost itself won't prevent us from being able to sell these products and have some decent margin at a restaurant level.
Peter J. Bensen: No. David, I think Jim gave a good overview. And in terms of looking at things like menu mix or product change, we're really seeing no change in customers' behavior. The premium food events and fourth-tier items continue to sell extremely well, and that happened throughout the fourth quarter.
Peter J. Bensen: Yes, David, specifically about Europe, as we head into 2012, based on the guidance we've given, so we expect commodity cost increases to be lower in Europe compared to 2011. Some of these incremental austerity measures, so the increased social charges and some of the other taxes that are hitting the restaurants, those are going to be -- while we'll have some new ones, the magnitude of those will be lower than we saw in 2011. On the negative, if you will, it's an uncertain pricing environment there. So while we mention these things that are happening to the consumer, we're still optimistic we'll be able to take some price. But when you throw all that in the hopper, I think on a trend basis, compared to 2011, we have an opportunity in Europe to finish this year better trend-wise than we did 2011. The U.S. looks more like a similar year to 2011, frankly. Cost increases are going to be similar. We're -- 7 states hit us with minimum wage increases here, January 1, in the range of 4% to 5%. And again, while we'll take a similar philosophy and approach to our pricing throughout the year, food at home is expected to be up 3% to 4% this year; food away from home, 2% to 3%. And those are kind of some guide rails we look at. So again, factoring all that in, it feels pretty similar. But on a consolidated basis, the margin trend should be a little better than it was in 2011. But I did point out specifically in my comments that it's going to be a little choppy in the quarters. And then the first quarter, we're going to see the highest increase in commodities for the year.
Peter J. Bensen: Joe, I'll take the China question and then Don can talk about the U.S. consumer. In the fourth quarter, comps in China were 15.6, with double-digit guest count growth as well. And that's on top of a mid-single-digit increase last year, fourth quarter.
Peter J. Bensen: Jason, specifically about the McBites, we launched that product nationally yesterday. So you'll start to see national advertising for that. And that's a limited time promotion that will be around for a couple of months.
Peter J. Bensen: Yes, Diane. This is Pete. Specifically in the U.S. for the year, we had about a 3% price increase spread throughout 3 different price increases that we took. Europe, if you exclude Russia, which had pretty high inflation, we averaged about a 2% increase throughout the year. And in APMEA, across the various markets, again, various amounts and various timings, we averaged about a 4% increase.
Peter J. Bensen: All right, Matt. Other op is really a -- there are a lot of items impacting that. But you specifically talked about equity and earnings. A couple things this year, obviously, we had the stronger yen. So our -- that's an as-reported number that we put in there. So we were getting some FX benefit from the stronger yen. Yes, in the first quarter, I would expect our performance in Japan will be better than first quarter last year. But remember, the tsunami hit in March. So we had 2 pretty good months of performance already in Japan before that hit. So in total, in that line, I don't think it's dramatically different trend-wise. Regarding China, I didn't say it was going to reverse. What I said was that, that impact is temporary. And so what I'm getting to there is we had a large jump in non-comp stores this year relative to last year as we accelerated the new store openings. And yes, we're going to continue to increase new store openings. But as we do that, the comp store base is larger. So the impact of accelerated new stores on the total base will become less, and at the same time, those new stores should be coming on at higher volumes as the market averages grow. And therefore, the new-store impact should be moderating as well. So hopefully, that clarifies that comment.
Peter J. Bensen: And regarding leverage, Jeff, as we have the last couple years, our assumption for 2012 is that we will increase debt -- our debt levels. And our interest rate assumptions for 2012 assume a couple of different scenarios: one a more modest increase in debt, and one a little higher increase based on the range of business performance we see. And as you point out, all within the context of staying within the credit metrics and the credit ratings that we enjoy today.
Peter J. Bensen: Well, John, one of the things we said at the investor conference was that despite these items that you mentioned, that we expect our earnings to be consistent with our long-term targets. And that's one of the things we've committed to and something we feel pretty confident about. The G&A, we indicated an incremental $100 million for the technology, the convention, the Olympics. And that kind of magnitude of growth, growth of that magnitude, we do not expect to continue. Currency is one of those things that we look at over time as being neutral. You're going to have positive years and negative years. That's why we like to look at our business x currency for our internal reporting. But obviously, it does impact our reported EPS. And the tax rate, I'm not sure that we've necessarily set a new high, but it's something we obviously continue to look at around the world, how we can minimize our tax rate. You may recall, 2 years ago, they took away a tax credit -- foreign tax credit that was providing a little more than 200 basis points of improvement to our rate. And we've been looking at opportunities to get some of that back, and I'm confident we'll be able to.
Peter J. Bensen: Yes, John. Yes is the short answer. You did mention a couple of things on the cost side that do impact it. So some higher depreciation if we're reimaging, potentially some higher underlying occupancy costs if we have a lease site and the rent is going up. But because a great majority of those franchise expenses are fixed, we get tremendous leverage by growing comps. And so if we continue to grow comps the way we expect we will, we believe franchise margins can continue to expand.
Peter J. Bensen: Phillip, for the U.S., we finished the year at 4.9%. So almost right in the middle of that 4.5% to 5.5%. And as we talked a lot throughout the year, beef was probably the biggest variable for us. Traditionally, you would see some of the beef prices come down after the summer months, and we didn't see that traditional decline in beef prices. So we have frankly ended the year with beef costs up in the mid-teens. And as we look at our guidance for 2012, we've built another mid-teens increase for beef, expecting that the dynamics in the marketplaces that we see and are expecting will continue.
Peter J. Bensen: Andy, I'll talk a little bit about the pricing and Don can talk about some of the promotional activity. But we don't want to get into individual components. Beef was the most significant, so I call it out. Chicken is much more manageable in terms of the price increase that we expect in 2012. And the only other thing I'll say about the commodities is, different from prior years, more of the hedges this year were done using option contracts which allow us to participate in some of the downside. So as you know, for the price of chicken, around 40% of the cost is the cost of the feed. So hedging the grains is a big piece of controlling those chicken costs. And with using some of these option contracts, there is a potential, if the grain markets decline, that we'd come in a little more favorably than we expect on that. But certainly, the numbers we've given you assume the contract prices, and assume, as I mentioned, that mid-teens increase in beef.
