Stephen J. Easterbrook: No, thank you, Jake, and that was very conscious from us. I felt in the early stages of the turnaround, it was important for us to demonstrate confidence that the actions we were taking were resonating. And to provide that shorter-term guidance, I thought helped to reinforce that we were beginning to get on the move. Now, we're two to three quarters in, I'm confident to say that the turnaround is taking hold, and you've seen the results we've delivered. And, as a result, customers are responding to the changes we're making, and momentum is a very powerful word in our business. And, as a result, we're confident on executing our plans and don't actually see it as being necessary to offer shorter-term guidance.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Yeah, thanks, Brian. In terms of the gap, I think that was a fair assessment. I mean, we clearly came out of the tracks hard with All Day Breakfast. It exceeded our expectations through the launch phase, and then hit a more settled rate. Frankly, it's still exceeding our expectations through the settled stage as well. So we're incredibly encouraged. Frankly, maintaining that positive gap is important to me. The absolute magnitude quarter-to-quarter, I'm less concerned about, as long as we're taking share and customers are turning in our doors rather than others, then I'm confident that we're delivering the right plans. In terms of stickiness, something that gives me a great degree of confidence in the way that the U.S. team, the operator leadership and our own leadership team have built in the plans is the success is not being based on tactics. We're establishing foundations of growth. And if I were just to give you four of them currently in play, and clearly we're going to be working on more, the operational improvement, honestly, I would celebrate that as much as All Day Breakfast. We are focusing on getting the basics right in the restaurant. And the team are really focused and they're delivering well, and customers are telling us that. So I can't emphasize enough how important it is to get the nuts and bolts right for the 20 million-odd customers every day. The investment that the U.S. team, operators and company have made through food and food quality is being recognized by customers. So whether it's the announcement we're moving to cage-free eggs, or removal of antibiotics harmful to human health from the poultry supply chain, whether it's the deep attention to detail on the Quarter Pounder beef patty and toasting of buns, the investment in the quality is getting recognized by customers. And that's valuable. That's long-term at well. Then you've got All Day Breakfast, which has been clearly a very strong catalyst for momentum, which is wonderful. We're in that nice situation now where we're challenging ourselves to how much more can we do. Customers are asking us for more. We're looking at that very carefully to see whether that's a platform that not only is sustaining, but can actually grow. And then, as we spoke about through this quarter, we have struggled to find the right value platform over the last year or two. We believe through the McPick 2 platform as a whole, we have the flexibility at both national and local level, such that we can offer compelling value at different price points, different times of year, and maybe slightly different offers in different parts of the country depending on the consumer set, but we believe that could be a platform that continue to offer growth opportunity and drive customers in. That's what we've got in play now. And clearly, there are other things that we're looking at around new product development and also around investing in our restaurants in what we're calling the Experience of the Future. Now, I won't carry on, because I want to get through some more questions, but the point I'm really trying iterate is these are platforms of growth which give me confidence in the stickiness of our momentum, and we have no plans to ease up, I can assure you.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: It's a great question, Keith. I mean, part of what we have worked hard across this last year, in order to firm up our plans moving forward, some of the big, strategic plans is with our new structure now, we have much better visibility into our top 14, 15 markets. And frankly, there is not a common philosophy across those, because every market's in a different position. So if we're to make the strategic choices we have in China and Asia, for example, or up into the Scandinavian markets, that's because we have got very forensic and we think that's in the long-term best interests of the markets and of our long-term growth and that ownership model. Your question more to the U.S., I'm sensing is more to the U.S., where we have typically been five to seven. The philosophy that is critical to us is never losing that entrepreneurial spirit, and the owner/operators being engaged in their local communities. Now, that can be done at a 50 restaurant level. That can be done at five restaurant level. That can be done at a one restaurant level. So, to us, the importance is having the right partnership to be operated with the right mindset. Could we see consolidation? We could do a little. Does that give us fewer, stronger operators and a stronger balance sheet and their ability to invest in scale? It could do. But, at the same time, we're also introducing new franchisees to the system, because they come in with new ideas and new energy and keep us fresh. We also see it through the Next Generation Programs we have, where sons or daughters of existing franchisees want to enter the business, and that brings us new ideas and a fresh energy. So the underlying philosophy remains the same. The execution market-by-market, I believe we've got much more, much deeper meaningful thought to it that we can address this market-by-market. I think it will serve us well into the long-term.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Yeah, no, it's fair question, Andrew. So, I guess when I say there were different customer groups, when you're looking at McPick 2 for $2, you are typically addressing the value-conscious, the most value-conscious customers, so I guess people who are looking for a deal. And that is important, and particularly important at certain times of year. So if you're coming out of the Christmas period, and it's been a high-spend period, a dollar here and a dollar there matters to consumers through January in particular, for example. So that deal for the value-conscious consumer at that particular time at a national level resonated well. If you look at a 2 for $5 for example, it's a different construct. You're looking at people who may be going in, maybe there's two people going in, and they start to construct a meal around that deal and feel they're getting value that way, so slightly different customer group. It could be the same customer may care for both, but there could be a different group as well. And part of what we're learning is at what level do we want to deploy this at a national level, and use that national marketing muscle. And how much do we want to allow the flexibility at the regional level, because we've got these re-energized regions, 23 of them, around the U.S. and they want to bring it to life. But maybe the menu mix in that deal could be different in the Southwest of the country than it would be in the Northeast. And I think that flexibility, knowing your consumer group, knowing your competitive group, knowing what that value price is, allows us to unleash on the power of our regional marketing muscle. So you will see us dial it up and down, national and local, but the one thing you will always see, there will always be value at McDonald's.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Yes, I'll certainly kick off, and maybe Kevin can come in and relieve me. So, we're seeing success across all dayparts. So, one of the very reassuring elements of All Day Breakfast was that whilst we clearly added incremental visits and incremental spend across rest of day, our breakfast business has also prospered as well. So, that's very strong. In terms of innovating at different price points, I mean, that's absolutely what we're trying to do, whether it's through breakfast, filling that little price gap between the entry level and whether it's EVM or the Big Mac, Quarter Pounder Cheese, six-nugget level. So we continue to innovate. I mean, Kevin may want to offer a little more on this.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: And in terms of where our growth is coming from, just to close off that final piece, I mean, the reality is we're growing share and opening that gap now in the QSR sandwich segment, but when we get 14,000 restaurants on a roll, customers tend to come from quite a few places. So I'm not surprised if other people are feeling the impacts of it, but at the moment, we want to win our home games. We want to win the QSR segment, and we want to get back to a leadership position there.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Yes, so I can say for the U.S. guest counts, we're positive for the quarter. If we were to net out the leap day, guest counts were positive for the quarter. So that is a further sign of momentum returning to the U.S. business. In terms of the comment regarding guest count in key markets around the world, around the world, we have strong value platforms in many of our major markets. So this is not a price-driven guest count discussion. This is around what can we do to enhance the experience, such that customers enjoy sufficiently they just come back more often, or we attract lapsed customers back or new customers to the business. But the first point of check is, is our value platform right? We're working on that for example in Germany. I acknowledged that. We haven't quite got it right yet, so we'll continue to firm that up. In many of our other markets, our desire to grow guest count, which is the ultimate signal of strength of the business, is more around enhancing the broader experience. So, as I say, this is not price-led. This is how can we make the visit to McDonald's more convenient, more fun, more engaging, such that when you come to make those decisions of where you're going to eat, more people just turn our way than anywhere else. So it's a much more holistic desire, but ultimately guest count is the lifeblood of our business. And I'd like to see greater strength there, but I'm very happy with the trends we're seeing.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: John, just to add to what Kevin said, the underlying message that I was very keen to communicate, which is why I went out to China to visit the team and make the announcement, this is about accelerating growth. So our run rate in China, for example, is typically around 250 restaurant openings per year. We want to find the right strategic partner that meets and most likely exceeds that. So this is about accelerating into the market opportunity. And as we sit here with our more appropriate fiscal discipline across our business, we have a lot of demands for our capital, and a lot of choices where we want to invest our G&A. And therefore, we're just making that resource allocation discussion. China is a wonderful opportunity. We're going to continue to participate in it. And our desire and expectation is to accelerate our growth there.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: David, the way I look at the U.S., I think, given the investment costs that they absorbed around the crew wages and benefits, I think they turned in a very, very strong performance in terms of their operating margin. Sales growth clearly supports it. Lower turnover of crew has made us more efficient and effective in the restaurants. The commodity outlook is increasingly favorable, as we just highlighted, so I think that now we're nine months into the cycle. After 12 months, I think we'll see a nice step-up in company-operated margins. And do take a look at International Lead markets as well. Again, strong performance as they go through. First of all, top-line growth is the primary driver. As they go through their refranchising plans as well, you'll see continued strength in the operating margin there as well. So I feel we have lined up this business to deliver long-term, strong margin returns for all stakeholders.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Yeah, okay. Thanks, Joe. So operational improvement in the U.S., I mean, it is so multi-faceted, that I could take hours. I'd love to, because I just love what they're doing. So simply put, we have made the experience easier for customers and easier for crew, and easier to get right. So, they have had a particular focus, having identified that the core frustration for customers was accuracy through the drive-thru, which then impacts service times. So, they put a number of initiatives in place, such as simplified menu boards, new crew training procedures, as we've described as Ask, Ask, Tell, just another way that we help ensure we get the accuracy right through the whole customer experience, from ordering through pay through collect. But we're into the real details. We're into the font size on the printers, the receipts. Actually, it's easier to spot the special requests, for example, or the special orders. So I can't even tell you how detailed the team has got to help our restaurant teams get it right more often. And ultimately, the beneficiary is the customer on this. And they playing it back through all the customer metrics we have, whether it's through mystery shoppers, through our own operational grading standards, we are seeing these effects take place. And honestly, that is the primary driver of customer satisfaction, getting it right, hot, fresh food and friendly service. In terms of High Growth, so I tend to call out China and Russia, just because of the scale and the potential of those markets, but we had great performance out of Netherlands, great performance out of Hong Kong, great performance out of Poland, great performance out of Korea through the quarter. And these aren't one-offs. So, I appreciate the question, because it gives us a chance to demonstrate how broad the momentum in this business is. And it's not limited just to the High Growth markets. I mean, if I just look at: Western Europe as a whole, growing strongly; Central Europe, growing strongly; Middle East, strong growth through the Middle East; Latin America, there is turbulence, as there often is in there, but overall strong growth; Asia, Australasia, as well as North America; and calling out Canada as well as the U.S. So, we are seeing a lot of strong momentum. Is it perfect? No. Are there markets we still have work to do? Absolutely, yes. And we're never satisfied, but part of the confidence we have that the turnaround is taking hold is because of the broad-based growth we're experiencing.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Yeah, well, I mean, so absolutely early stage of the turnaround, Jason. So absolutely, we don't think we've cracked it. What we have done, we're beginning to get back and grow on that two-year basis. We look at it on a week-to-week basis, I can assure you, on a month-to-month basis, and a quarter-to-quarter basis. And our two-year lifeline is moving into positive territory. And that's at the early stage of the turnaround. As we build out our plans for further sustained growth, clearly we want to see that trend continue. I'm not sure there is much more to say on that. I mean, it's, yeah, early stages, but I tell you what, we've got it back and some. So, there is two-year growth across each of the months across the first quarter, which I feel good about. And that is one of the measures we look at. So that complacency doesn't set in. We have a restless energy here. We've just got going and a lot of the theme around the biennial convention last week was around accelerating with momentum, and not just sitting tight with the momentum. So, that's how we're galvanizing ourselves. That's how we're challenging ourselves. And these platforms that the U.S. has introduced, I'm confident will maintain that stickiness. But we want to layer further platforms on top of that, which is exactly the ingredients of success through that kind of 2003, 2004 through to 2010, 2011 period was we were layering platforms of growth on top of each other that are complementary and customer-driven. And we have no plans to let up, that's for sure.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: So a good number of the franchisees did stick with the 2 for $5. They felt it was a really strong contributor to their March, which it was, from a top-line, from a guest count, and from a bottom-line perspective. What we're also seeing now is our local co-ops now having really good discussions around the McPick 2 for $2, 2 for $5, and which windows to execute. So I don't have a general response for you, but I would say that the conversation around value at a regional level and a co-op level is where to dial up 2 for $5, where to dial up the 2 for $2, what time of year, and to be complementary with whatever else is going on. So, for example, if you can collect the MONOPOLY tokens on certain items, then reinforcing that through the value, just drives further trial of the MONOPOLY promotion, for example. So it's complementary. So, again, the local teams are working on that. And, as I say, you can certainly expect to see them up to platform feature through the rest of this year, either at a national or local level.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: In terms of the share discussion, no surprise at all, to be honest. It's an incredibly competitive category. It is around the world. So here in the U.S., I think nine of our 11 major markets grew share in the last three months, which I think is a very strong support. The two that didn't are fully aware of that and addressing that in the near-term. The U.S. performance, just continuing outperformance paints us as a winner. So and then you either win or you lose market share. If we keep gaining, then typically when a business of our scale gains within our sector, we do pretty well. So there's no surprise. It will continue to ebb and flow, but as long as we keep gaining share, then I will remain very, very satisfied in the achievements. In terms of the owner/operator mood from last week, the wonderful challenge we have now is holding the operators back. I mean, there's a lot of enthusiasm to be part of the future plans that we've laid out. And we started to give them a sneak peek of what that longer-term strategy should look like, and there's a lot of excitement around it. There's investment that goes along with that, so there's things we still need to work through. And that's why we're having these test markets and test regions to further explore and learn. But, at the moment, the enthusiasm is great. And we're just trying to keep people focused in channels, and making sure that we are helping them build their businesses for long-term profitably as well as our own. So in terms of anything on the negative side, it was difficult to find much last week, to be honest. And that's not always been the case. I'm not going to assume it will always be the case in the future. But I think the alignment with the owner/operators is as strong as I can remember it. And it gives me just further confidence that we're on the right track, and we're all winning together on this one.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Yeah, thanks, Chris. And thanks again to everyone for joining us this morning. In closing, I do want to re-emphasize the strong alignment, as I just mentioned, we have across the system, on running great restaurants and elevating all aspects of the customer experience. The actions we've taken to serve our guests hotter, fresher food with lots of friendly service and a contemporary restaurant experience, and at the value of McDonald's, are working. Customers are noticing a difference and they're coming to McDonald's more often. This is reflected in our first quarter financial results and in the market share gains we're experiencing in many markets around the world. We know there's still more work to do, and that's why we remain committed to executing our turnaround plans for at least two more quarters. I am encouraged by the progress we have made, and I'm excited about our longer-term opportunities to strengthen our business and reassert McDonald's leadership position around the world. Thanks to all of you and have a great day.
Kevin M. Ozan: The only additional color I'd add is in first quarter, all dayparts were positive, contributing to that comp sales growth. So the lunch daypart is definitely providing the largest impact, but every single daypart was positive, so it isn't being driven by one specific daypart or anything along those lines. The advantage, from our standpoint, is to see the broad-based growth across the entire day and evening, and so that's what gives us confidence going forward.
Kevin M. Ozan: So in those three markets, as I mentioned, it's about 2,900 restaurants, about 70% company-owned. We don't break out capital by markets, so I won't get into total capital really to that, but fair to say that, as you know, we're growing substantially in places like China and Korea. So it's got a meaningful amount of capital that we're spending on growing there. And the thinking is that if we can find the right partners there, we want to make sure we find the right strategic partner that has complementary skills and expertise and also has sufficient capital to unlock the growth potential there. So the way we think about it is if someone else can use their resources to grow the business, we'll participate in that growth through an increased royalty, and effectively reduce G&A and capital that right now we're spending related to those countries.
Kevin M. Ozan: Thanks, David. I guess I'd say, as we both well know, margins are certainly a top-line game for us. We need positive comp sales to help grow margins. Specifically related to the U.S., now that we're seeing certainly stronger comp sales, that will help our margins going forward. As I mentioned, in the second quarter this year, well, beginning in third quarter, we'll begin to lap the additional labor costs related to crew wages and benefits. So that will help from a comparison standpoint. But historically, we've always said that in a normal inflationary environment, we need about a 2% to 3% comp to maintain margins. Nothing structurally has changed in our business to change that on a long-term basis. A little inflation wouldn't hurt from a pricing standpoint, so we have to be careful with commodity costs where they are, but I think we feel pretty good about margins going forward, as long as we can maintain our growth in comparable sales there.
Kevin M. Ozan: Yeah, thanks, Matt. Regarding the G&A, so let me first talk about first quarter, which was up just compared to last year, basically because of higher incentive compensation than last year. So a lot of that is driven by last year's lack of incentive comp, if you will, in the first quarter as much as this year's incentive comp that's in there. Looking forward, both to 2016 and beyond, couple things, we achieved about $75 million of our total savings in 2015, and built within that 1% to 2% guidance is another about $75 million in 2016. Now, there are two swing factors, if you will, that could impact the actual reported G&A this year. And I'm talking on a constant currency basis, so obviously currency also impacts it. But when we think about the targets, we exclude currency, so the actual numbers you'll see reported may be different because of currency impact. But ignoring that, the other two swing factors, if you will, are, one, incentive comp, where if you think about 2014, we had very little, if you will, incentive comp as a company. 2015, we got back to a more normal. So you can get a big swing from one year to the next on incentive comp. But all of that is driven by business performance, so we'll only have the incentive comp obviously if we're driving business performance. But that could swing things, plus or minus, that down 1% to 2% guidance. The other swing is the timing of some of these large refranchising transactions. When we do our plans at the beginning of the year, we're effectively estimating when those will occur. And they become very complex as we get into these transactions. And so to exactly pinpoint the timing of when those occur becomes really difficult. So it's possible that something that we may have thought was going to happen at the end of 2016 could potentially slip to the beginning of 2017. And that may impact the timing of some of our G&A savings, but, other than that, we're on track for the $500 million. We're still completely confident in the $500 million by the end of 2017. And it becomes just a timing issue between 2016 and 2017.
Kevin M. Ozan: The only other thing I'd say about the 2 for $5 is, we did see some trade-up and definitely a higher average check with that platform. And you can see from the margin performance in the U.S., kind of overall for the quarter, that these value platforms support good margins, I'll say, too. So it's not just discounting products at low margins. We still can realize good margins with that platform.
