Stephen J. Easterbrook: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. We had a solid quarter, driven by guest count growth. We grew global comparable sales 6.6% and global guest counts 3%, resulting in strong earnings growth. This demonstrates the progress we are making with our business today. Our strength was broad based, as we grew sales and guest counts in every one of our top nine markets for the first time since 2008. Here are just a few highlights from around the world to illustrate this momentum. Italy experienced its best quarter guest count since 2010. In April, the UK saw the highest monthly sales volume in its 43 year history. Germany had its strongest quarterly comp sales in nearly 10 years. Canada's sales growth was the highest in the last five years. And in the Netherlands, a market that's becoming a more meaningful part of our overall business, we had our best comp sales and guest counts in more than 20 years. Our most important priority remains growing guest counts by serving more customers, more often. This is the ultimate measure of our turnaround as we strengthen and grow the business. We've talked before about the extensive research we conducted that gave us a much greater appreciation for who our customers are and what appeals most to them. Guided by that insight, we're taking purposeful actions to retain customers who visit us today. We've gained lapsed customers and convert casual customers to committed customers. Our second quarter results demonstrate that customers are responding as we serve hotter, better-tasting food, offer convenience on their terms and provide good value for their money. We'll spend more time today discussing the moves we are making in each of these areas that are driving growth around the world. First, though, I'll ask Kevin to discuss our second quarter sales performance in more detail.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Thanks, Kevin. This reinforces that we are driving strong results around the world from our larger, more established markets to those that are still emerging. As we look at what drove performance, let's start with the food we serve. We're strengthening our existing menu while responding to shifting tastes of our customers. Premium platforms pioneered in our European markets have become a standard on menus across our entire top markets. This is testament to our ability to share and scale ideas throughout McDonald's. For example, in the U.S., we launched our Signature Crafted line at the national level featuring great-tasting sandwiches with premium toppings like pico guacamole and sweet barbecue bacon. In China, we introduced Chef Crafted burgers made with recipes from a Michelin Star Chef. The more convenient we make it for our customers to enjoy McDonald's, the more they reward us with their business. Experience of the Future, or EOTF, as we call it, fundamentally changes the way customers interact with our brand. We are providing an experience that is more personal and less stressful, matching our best people with technology platforms like self-order kiosks, digital menu boards and table service. Changes in the layout of our dining rooms and service areas create better customer flow and give us the ability to enhance our McCafé and dessert business. Poland was our EOTF incubator market. On a recent visit to celebrate the market's 25th anniversary, Kevin and I experienced firsthand the big difference it makes for customers when our restaurants introduce and integrate all Experience of the Future elements at once. We've talked quite a bit about Canada and their best-in-class Guest Experience Leaders. The market continued to enhance and build on the program with table service. And customer satisfaction scores are up significantly over the past two years. As we continue to streamline the sharing of good ideas, we've taken what we've learned in places like Poland and Canada to other markets. Italy, for example, converted many of the local restaurants in Milan and Catania to EOTF. It's making a difference for customers and for our business. Comparable sales and guest counts in those Italian cities are above the market averages and in line with the mid-single digit sales lifts that we have seen in other markets that have made progress with EOTF deployment. Shifting the conversation, we're also giving customers more reasons to visit McDonald's more often with locally-relevant value. In the U.S., we launched a nationwide cold beverage value platform as we head into the summer. Guests came in more often for $1.00 any size beverages and $2.00 McCafé drinks, which included popular smoothies, shakes and blended coffee drinks. In France, McFirst is an affordable lunch on-the-go that has been popular with our customers. And in Australia, more customers have been visiting McDonald's as a result of our $1.00 Hamburger. This complements some of our bundled value offerings on the menu and makes it more affordable to feed a family. I'll turn back to Kevin now so he can share insight on how all of the moves we are making are impacting our bottom line.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Yes. Thanks, David. So quickly on the UberEATS and really with all the third-party operators that we have entered into relationships with around the world, they all fully understand that as we develop our app, that customers will be able to route their delivery order through our app onto their third-party platforms. And, thereby, as we develop our digital capabilities, any form of CRM loyalty will come with that. So, yes, we've been mindful of that and very transparent with our partners. And that'll further strengthen the experience for the customers. For ILM, I wouldn't say there is anything particularly tactical in the quarter that created that performance. What I would say is we're seeing now the ongoing benefit of the EOTF platforms as we continue to roll out across those markets. The UK is going to be approaching, by the end of the year, more than 1,000 restaurants converted. Australia is almost fully converted; Canada substantially as well on their first version of EOTF; and France and Germany working very hard as well to accelerate. What we're beginning to see now, though, is the critical mass of markets beginning to generate that sort of mid-single-digit type uplift over and above the market averages. And I want to put this into the context that we are not seeing any tailwinds, whether it's economic or competitive, in any of those five markets. They're all incredibly competitive. It is a market share fight. So we're still being very competitive on value. Yes, we want to drive customers in. We don't get a pass on value. We don't ever want to or expect one. So what we're seeing is the more customers we drive into our restaurants or through the drive-thrus, the more they begin to see and appreciate the improvements we've made in the business over the last two to three years. So I'd say broad-based in confidence, but there are still economic challenges and macro challenges through France and Germany. We're having to battle hard, but we're focusing on market share and continuing to invest in those competitive environments.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: And, Andrew, just to further support that, Lucy's absolutely right. One of the beauties of the broad-based expansion of this is that markets are learning from each other. So they're having fun, on particular, whether it's days of the week or particular event days and how do we maximize the opportunity for people who are maybe at home watching, there could be a big game or a big tournament on TV. And, therefore, delivery plays a much stronger part. And also, as Lucy says, I know the UK pretty well. And some of the strongest performances are absolutely in some of the slightly tougher parts of town, and particularly late at night and overnight, where people are much more comfortable having food delivered to them than necessarily venturing out. So we continue to learn and that helps guide us as we do our planning, but also at a restaurant level to helping coach and train our Owner/Operators and our restaurant managers what to expect in sort of volume patterns. So this is a rapid learning environment, and we're enjoying being on the journey.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: So, Sara, on EOTF, so it's a good question that maybe I could better clarify. The slower ramps-up is when we're introducing a new platform which is changing consumer behavior. So delivery and some of the digital initiatives like mobile order and pay, where consumers have got so used to experiencing McDonald's in a certain way, getting them to change those behaviors takes a little while. With EOTF, though, what we tend to see in that kind of mid-single digit; I wouldn't necessarily say 6% or 7%. Let's just call it mid-single digit. Once the restaurant is transformed – it may close for 10 days, close for 12 days while the reinvestments and all the elements are being introduced – we see a pick-up almost immediately. Within that first four to six weeks, we just see customer curiosity, word-of-mouth, local launch events where we create some fun around it because it transforms a restaurant both internally and externally. So we see EOTF kick in much quicker. And the point I was making about the slower build was really more about these kind of new platforms of growth, which we think have years' worth of growth ahead of them and it will slowly ramp up. Clearly, the more powerful we can start, the better, but the reality is consumers have got used to us, operating with us and experiencing us in a certain way for a fair bit of time and just changing those behaviors just take a minute.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: So I guess from a competitive landscape, I mean, it's a market share fight. I mean, everyone's working hard to up their game. So I'm certainly not going to comment on any individual competitor, but the fact that we've begun to open up that gap versus these sandwich competitors certainly gives us encouragement that we are certainly regaining those customers that we acknowledged on the 1st of March, that we had lost over a handful of years previous or some of these customer visits, I should say. So our gain will result in pain being felt elsewhere. And others will decide what they disclose on that. In terms of next steps, I think we've been pretty transparent about our plans, to be honest with you. I mean, clearly, we've got a substantial amount of restaurants that we want to introduce the full Experience of the Future to across the U.S., 14,000 restaurants, which we'll certainly look to by heading into 2020. But also the other initiatives, we're still only a quarter into the estate on delivery. We have only just over – I say just, but we got that 1,300 restaurants in the U.S. on mobile order and pay, with some interesting learns from the consumer pick-up, but again, we want to drive behaviors that way. Certainly, when I spoke to the commitment letters, if you like, which was kind of a really bold and brave plan that was co-crafted with our U.S. leadership team and our Operator leaders as well, we now have good visibility into internally, of course, into what our next three years looks like and what's going to underpin those plans. And certainly, one thing that the company is committed to, and our Owner/Operators is also, is to remain competitive on value throughout that period. So no matter how the landscape changes, whether it's on commodities, whether it's on inflation, whether it's on the economy in general, consumer confidence, we are committing to remain competitive on value as well. So it is going to be a multi-dimensional growth plan, some just through the core improvements in how we operate our business, the day-to-day operations. And we didn't speak much about it in the prepared comments, but there's still an enormous focus on delivering just great QS&C day-in, day-out. Our Owner/Operators are committed to it. We analyze deeply the consumer feedback we get from the Voice, which is a kind of a real-time feedback loop we get these days. And we can never underestimate the importance of clean bathrooms, friendly service and serving hot, fresh food. So we're looking to operate on all levels and excited about the energy we have in our plans, along with the Owner/Operators, for next three years and beyond.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Yes. Very fair question, David; speed of service, the absolute time, has gone backwards a little bit over the last, well, fair period of time, to be honest. Interestingly, customer satisfaction and the service scores in customer satisfaction have improved. So whilst that doesn't mean we're not mindful of the speed, we obviously need to remind ourselves it's not all about the speed. That said, we want both. So what you'll see with a lot of the elements that we introduce through the broader Experience of the Future and the digital programs are aimed at smoothing out the congestion points, the pinch points in the McDonald's experience. So everything from if people want to pay through technology, whether it's through the Apple Pay feature or through credit, debit card, that shaves seconds off the payment process. If they want to order in advance, through mobile order and pay or away from the front counter, the self-order kiosk, that again helps the congestion during the peak periods. And also, just the customer flow, we're very mindful. Again, we don't talk a lot about it on these calls, as we reinvest in the restaurants and the dining areas, we're very mindful that the customer flow from when they enter through the doors, either go to the kiosk, go to the front counter, how that interacts with table service, how can we smooth that whole experience to eliminate, as you say, the pinch points. So the technology absolutely will underpin our ability to shave seconds, and ultimately tens of seconds, off their service time. But at the moment, the customer is giving us positive feedback on the broader service experience. As I say, we're not satisfied with that. We want the friendliness as well as the speed, so we're working hard at it.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Well, just to add to that as well, one element, and again, this is somewhat anecdotal, but through the conversations we have with the third-party operators, it does also demonstrate what a great partner we are for them to have, because they're beginning to see a number of the McDonald's orders they fulfill are the customers who've newly downloaded their app. So we are generating traffic to their app, which clearly is great for them, and it also shows incrementality to us. But also, the business benefits them as well. So we've long had an established and strong partnerships, if you like, for our supply chain. It's part of the three-legged stool we speak about, so as well as them bringing value to us with the business that we generate in incrementality, clearly, we are very advantageous to them into introducing new customers to their platforms.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Okay. Karen. Well, you saw the comp momentum over the last number of quarters and momentum is starting to build. And I feel encouraged that we're at the level we're at in the U.S. It's a very big business and it's a very competitive business. And we know we had to be more competitive on value. Did we see a particular spike? Well, you can read the comp trends as well as I can. What was great for us, when we look at the regain element on the customer visits we had lost over the previous years, we knew a meaningful amount of those were through the value line, but what's more important isn't just that we're selling $1 drinks and $2 McCafé products. When we've invested the amount we have and our Owner/Operator investing the amount they have in the business, whether it's in core recipe improvements, whether it's in the service experience, whether it's in technology, it's great just to have more customers visit your restaurant to actually notice the investments we've made. So to me, value isn't just what it does to the trading performance, it's also what it does to the broader brand appreciation and getting more people back into our restaurants and seeing the changes we're making, taking notice. And it's no coincidence we launched Signature Crafted at the same time because when customers come in, they take a look at what's on the menu. They're curious, and they want to try it. It looks tasty, and they've enjoyed the premium platform as much as the value platform, but it's always the balance that's important. In terms of next steps, as I say, we certainly, the U.S. team and our Owner/Operators, are committing to stay competitive on value. And we certainly know that $1 drinks are working well for the summer. And they'll work on the plans through the back end of the year and into 2018. And when we've got something that we're willing to share, we certainly will do.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Yes. So I think Kevin and I both spoke to this on the last call actually, because we both visited the fresh beef test markets. And there was a genuine test market both in Dallas and in Tulsa. Kevin went to Tulsa. I was in Dallas. And the reality is we really had to very robustly test with the customer whether, effectively, the Quarter Pounder was tastier and juicier using fresh beef. And if that was the case, did it then warrant the operational and supply chain adjustment that come along with it. So we had a resounding yes from the consumer on this one. So we're now in the transition where we're making the adjustments through the supply chain, because, as you can imagine, our patty suppliers have to adjust both the way they prepare and then store and transport the finished product. So we're working our way through. We will have that supply in place into the second quarter of 2018 and we are feeling pretty excited that the customer is going to respond well to that. Oh, by the way, it's not just the Quarter Pounder, because we use the Quarter Pounder in the Signature Crafted premium platform as well. So the premium sandwich customers will also benefit from the fresh beef. As to whether we then extend that to the 10 to 1s, (47:29) time will tell. We look at our operating systems. We look at our capacity and capability to handle the fresh product. And we will see. We would always try and let the customer be our guide, but, at the same time, there's a lot of change that has to be absorbed at a restaurant level right now, which talks to Kevin's previous point about why we are purposefully investing labor and training and capabilities in our restaurants to handle the technology advances, Experience of the Future adjustments, the enhanced hospitality, all the way to fresh beef. So it's a balancing act for us, but the customer will always be our ultimate guide.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: So, first of all, just to clarify on value, I think probably the best way I could say it is we are committing to remain competitive on value. If I said focus, I think a better word would be competitive. We're going to be competitive on value. We're not obsessed about winning on value. We're not sure if that's the best place to be, because we think we've got a lot more about our experience above and beyond value. But we commit to remaining competitive on value. With regard to Amazon, Whole Foods, certainly no comment on that particular announcement, but it just demonstrates how disruptive the business world is and how quickly it moves. And we continually challenge ourselves to be our own internal activists. Something I said very early on in my tenure and we've got the culture now running through our leadership teams, both in the markets and here in the headquarters, where we're continually challenging ourselves, knowing that the market's not standing still. And I think delivery is a great example of how we're responding to the rapidly-changing tastes and expectations of consumers. So it's an interesting world. And it's only going to start moving quicker. Whenever I've have the opportunity to meet fellow CEOs at occasional events, and I think that the one common observation all of us would make is that today is about the slowest the world's ever going to be moving at. It's only going to move quicker tomorrow. So saddle up and enjoy it because it's a frantic pace.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: And I'll take the EOTF example. Part of the critical element of the partner selection was about that shared vision into the future McDonald's. And speaking on behalf of our partners, they absolutely shared our appetite to transform the McDonald's experience and the brand. So EOTF is proving to be – the customers are responding really well in China. I'll give you just one anecdotal piece of evidence of that. Where we've introduced it, the self-order kiosks currently have 30% utilization already. So you can see how the Chinese consumer actually embraces the technology and experience. It goes way beyond just EOTF. So, yes, they're committed to that, but also, they want to accelerate the broader digital players that we had. Yeah, they've got greater ambition than we'd already had established. They want to accelerate the openings. And also, the other growth driver we've spoken to, delivery, is proving to be a very influential part of the comp sales build in China and actually, is a greater part of the comp sales build in China than it is in any other market in the world. So they're actually at the front edge of a number of these trends, and our partners certainly, as I say, have a shared vision with us for that.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Well, I'll get you to the follow-up pretty quick, because we're not going to disclose either of those, Jake (55:36). First of all, it's early days. And secondly, it would be, at the moment, too commercially-sensitive for us to share that. That wouldn't make sense for us, so happy to take your follow-up. Then, I think we're heading towards the end of the call.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: On digital rollout, well, I think as we've seen with mobile order and pay, the reality is we want to get products into the marketplace where we can learn, improve, learn, improve, learn, improve, because we'll never have the perfect product. Technology doesn't work that way. So you would've seen (56:43) in March to our first restaurants here that were on mobile order and pay. We've now got over 1,300 in the U.S. And we're going to get to 14,000 by the fourth quarter. So you can start to see the ramp-up curve and its importance in those early weeks versus two to three months; getting the learnings, improve the product and then accelerate. So I think that's typically the sort of ramp-up curve you see in technology, which is get in the marketplace, learn quickly, be agile and then go hard at it. So I think you can see that's why we call them accelerators. These aren't initiatives that would fit into a normal annual planning cycle. That annual planning cycle is important for many elements of our business, but actually these initiatives work on a totally different timescale and we're trying to adjust our thinking and our culture to embrace that as well.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Yes, Jason, so I'll take EOTF. It's a great question. We want to introduce the Experience of the Future into a remodeled restaurant. So those that need remodeling, the entire work would happen at once. Our learnings from around the world is that has a far greater impact when you relaunch with all elements at once. For the customer, notable change really does give you that kick up in sales. So absolutely it's a fundamental part of the roll-out, be to remodel alongside the EOTF elements.
Kevin M. Ozan: Thanks. Since Steve outlined the strength of our global top line results, I'll provide a little more texture on how each of our segments contributed to our global performance. In the U.S., comp sales were up 3.9% for the quarter, as we benefited from the recent value and premium offers layered on the menu and operational initiatives over the last couple of years. And while the environment in the U.S. remains very competitive, we're pleased with our comp sales gap for the quarter of positive 3.5% versus our QSR sandwich competitors, a good indication that we're beginning to make headway on regaining customers. Sales trends in the International Lead markets remained strong, with comp sales up 6.3% for the quarter. The UK continued its momentum, reaching its 45th consecutive quarter of positive comp sales, while Canada and Germany also had strong performance in the quarter. The results delivered by the well-established markets in this segment are a testament to the resilience and adaptability of the McDonald's brand. In the High Growth segment, comp sales grew 7%, with positive results across the entire segment for the third consecutive quarter. China's continued momentum was the strongest driver in this segment. And the Foundational Markets had the largest percentage sales increase, posting comp sales growth of 13%, led by Japan's double-digit comp sales, along with strong results in each of the segment's geographic regions.
Kevin M. Ozan: Yes, Jeff. I'll start with U.S. restaurant margins. As I mentioned in the remarks, a chunk of it was on the labor cost side, both in terms of wages and in terms of investments that we've made in order to make sure that we create the right experience related to things like digital, Experience of the Future, getting ready for the introduction of the fresh beef quarter-pound patties in the U.S. So some of those are investments that we're making that won't necessarily be long-term investments, but will be here for some period of time to make sure that we introduce these initiatives in the right way and kind of deploy them the right way in the restaurants. In comparison to the first quarter, if you will, our comp this quarter, about half of it was average check and about half was guest count growth. And so it was probably a little bit more balanced than first quarter was, which was primarily, or more driven, certainly, by check. If you recall, we actually were negative on guest counts, if you excluded the leap day impact, we're about flat on guest counts. So really all of that first quarter comp was driven by price, if you will, or check, whereas we like the balance certainly of growing guest counts and so you had a little bit more balance this quarter between guest counts and check. And we're certainly focused on margin dollars more than margin percent. And as we're refranchising, the McOpCo margin percent, I don't want to say becomes less meaningful, but is not the biggest focus, I'll say. Having said that, generally with all else being equal, if we didn't have these additional labor investments, we would have grown margin percent this quarter also. Regarding G&A, it is a little lumpy, I'll say, quarter-to-quarter. This quarter, we saw some of the benefit being that we were lapping last year's worldwide convention. So that probably drove a little bit more of the percentage decline, if you will, or some of the percent decline this quarter. But in terms of on our plans for the year, we're pretty much in line with our plans to still have it go down by 7% to 8% in constant currency. So, so far what we've seen first half of the year is pretty much on plan related to the G&A timing.
Kevin M. Ozan: I'll talk about the China, Hong Kong transaction. I'll give you a few headlines. I'm not going to go into all the numbers, because it is posted on the website. If you can't find it, you can call IR afterwards, and they can direct you to exactly where it is. But let me give you a couple of the key headlines from that. From a revenue perspective, there's about $4 billion – and this is the combination of all these transactions, the big transactions since November, which is China, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore, Nordics and Taiwan. If you add all of those together, in total, there's about $4 billion of company-operated sales on an annual basis that are now going to be transferred, if you will, to franchise sales that we'll get a royalty on. So that's kind of the revenue side. At the same time, there's about $2.5 billion of sales that were originally classified as franchise, primarily conventional franchise, where we got a rent and royalty, that are now going to be developmentally licensed, so still within franchise sales, but converting from conventional to DL. So going from receiving rent and royalty to just royalty. Net-net on all of this, it's a little less than $300 million of operating income, which is a little less than 4% of our total operating income, that we will, I'll say, give up in the near-term. And that translates then into the EPS impact that I talked about in my script. At the same time, we'll save couple hundred million dollars of capital, so that free cash flow will increase. To your point, operating margin percent will increase. And we believe we'll be well set up, again, beginning in 2019, because in 2018, going up against some of this, you're not apples-to-apples. So 2019 will be the first kind of clean year of comparison, and that's where we set our financial targets beginning for that year.
Lucy Brady - McDonald's Corp.: Sure. I can go ahead and take that. In terms of where we are seeing some of the common characteristics of success, look, we're in the early days. We're digging in. We do see some variability. Stores near college locations tend to do much better than others. I also think we're seeing some things in lower socioeconomic areas, in downtown areas or places where people don't have access to cars, also being a driver of success. But we're really getting in and understanding. I think overall, one of the things we're pleased with is that we are seeing strong demand from our customers, that, as they become aware of the delivery, they're actually trying and then they're having a great experience, in many cases, better than they expected. And then, we're seeing really good repeat rates. And so the focus for us is about building the awareness among the customers and then the rest will take care of itself. And then, in terms of how fast we scale, I think that is really dependent on the growth and the demand that we're seeing and then working very closely with UberEATS to understand where they have capability in their markets, and then working together jointly to prioritize where we might go together for expansion above and beyond their existing markets.
Lucy Brady - McDonald's Corp.: Great. So, Sara, to your question on the customer delivery fee, absolutely we're always looking at ways that we can deliver great value to our customers and are testing, together with UberEATS, on different models. In the UK, the delivery fee of £2.50. In the U.S., it's $4.99. And we're really trying to get in and understand the consumer demand elasticity. So we're very much focused on that. And as we learn and understand the customers' willingness to pay, we'll absolutely make sure we're working together to maximize the value for our customers.
Lucy Brady - McDonald's Corp.: Yes, Greg. It's Lucy. I'll take that one. I think the short answer is we believe right now it is highly incremental. Our initial estimates are north of 70%. And in some cases, even more incremental than that, with a lot of the demand, as Steve alluded to earlier in the prepared comments, coming at under-utilized dayparts, with 60% after 4:00 in the evening. In terms of where we're sourcing the volume from, I would say it's a little bit too early to tell specifically. But what we're starting to hear from customers is that it's really a new occasion that they're coming to McDonald's for. Instead of eating at home or going to other quick service restaurants, they're choosing to come from us. So some of our initial data is that we're tapping into a different use case for delivery, a different demand occasion that we weren't able to access before just through our restaurant and drive-thru business. So we're excited about that potential.
Lucy Brady - McDonald's Corp.: Yes, and then to your second question on our delivery performance in Asia, what we've seen over time is really sustained growth on that business, with double-digit growth year-on-year off a strong base to the point where a lot of our existing restaurant in China, about 10% of their sales overall are from delivery, with our top-performing restaurants in some cases in the range of 20% to 40% even, so a very strong contributor to the business in Asia.
