SteveEasterbrook: Thanks, Eric. Steve, here. By the way, apologies to everyone if I'm coughing a little bit through this call, I'm just a bit under the weather at the moment. But yes, so breakfast is a competitive day part, I mean, we've seen competitors ramp up their activity during this year as well actually. So having another entrant in next year will just ensure that market share fight remains as competitive as ever. I'm not sure if it's really going to be anyone's huge best interest to have it too much value or discount led. But it is an important day part for us to protect and grow. I think for us, we are encouraged this current quarter, because breakfast has been a little behind the rest of the day's performance until this quarter, and we've seen our breakfast sales growth, pretty much in line with the sort of sales growth we are seeing across the rest of the day. So I think that gives us encouragement that the actions that many of our local coops are taking to fight this on a local level and beginning to get some traction. So -- but we operate in a competitive market, whether it's breakfast or all rest of day. So we’re used to fighting for our share and we'll carry on doing that for next year for sure.
SteveEasterbrook: Just to hook on that as well. I think if we take Dynamic Yield as an example, clearly, we've absorbed the incremental G&A that comes with the acquisition. I think part of how we challenge ourselves here is to generate the return on that investment as fast as you can. And I think we've been encouraged by the fact we have the Dynamic Yield technology now in 9500 drive-thrus in the US. And we're pretty much rolled out across the entire Australian system as well now. And with other of our larger international markets lining up. So we think it's -- we challenge ourselves in terms of being physically responsible, but growth is kind of the primary driver of all of our ambition. And I think these investments are enabling that for sure.
SteveEasterbrook: We're interested in this clearly. We've taken the plant based product to Ontario, Canada. We've got 28 restaurants now. We only launched it with a couple of days of the quarter to go. So very early days. Clearly, there's been competitive activity, which you will all be aware of, which I'm sure has helped create some more immediate interest or some shorter term, certainly response, consumer response. I guess what we're interested in is really how best to position this, get a sense of the, as they call it them the Flexitarian customer really what is their appetite for this, no pun intended, but would it drive incremental visits, is it option just to switch out from time to time. We want to get the taste right. We want to get the marketing right. We want get the operations right. So there's a number of important factors that we're learning quickly. And we think Ontario's a great spot because it will give us a good read across North America frankly, but also into the developed markets in Europe as well. So we think the read across will be beneficial and help us speed up our intelligence on this. So more to come clearly. But it's an area of interest for sure.
SteveEasterbrook: And I just pull that I think the part of the performance that we're showing, say through 2019, is a result of some of the technology spend that we've invested the last two to three years. And if I was a backtrack, say four or five years, the majority of our tech spend was backup house type spent just to keep the restaurants operating. That we've really got much more consumer facing. So that's kind of a new era to spend for us. But we begin to see the results that we want. As we see the cell phone or kiosk usage increase around the world, we see the average check growth that comes with it. As we invest in the outdoor digital menu boards, and then you can plug in, dynamic yield capabilities, we start to see, again, average check growth come from there. Or even just as simple as getting our infrastructure setup to enable us to meet home delivery, for example. And now integrating those apps into our global mobile app. This all takes investment, but it either makes you see the driving visits or driving check, but it's also driving some efficiencies. But it's not always about acquisitions either. So obviously, we've made a couple of acquisitions this year, which clearly gives us an incremental G&A, which we just spoke about. But again this is also just ongoing investment, through our innovation center around modernizing the equipment stack, if you like and getting that kind of ecosystem functioning more effectively to help our management crew run the restaurants better. So I would say some of the proof points are out there already. But we're excited about continuing to drive efficiencies through technology and also grow through technology. So more to come.
SteveEasterbrook: I think the only thing I would add is if we kind of drill into our detail of points ones here and points one there. Some of the work we've done on simplifying our menu as I mean we've had a little bit of resistance when we move away from say signature crafted. Now the flip side is helping us run better restaurants and we saw our drive-thru service times in the U.S. improved by around 20 seconds across the quarter year-on-year. So I think we're still making the right decisions for the long term. But Yes, there's going to be a little bit of short term resistance when you simplify the menu. So little bits and pieces but no fundamental shift in momentum. I mean, it really was balanced sales growth across day parts and across the menu, actually, which I think is what's giving us confidence. And some of the accelerator initiatives that we've launched are delivering consistently the sorts of performance that we've shared with you in the past.
SteveEasterbrook: Yes John, it's. Actually it is that delicate balance, so I mean, to get the consistent top-line growth, and having profitable growth for our enterprise is clearly critical. We want that drives their motivation and drive their confidence, it drives their ability and willingness to keep reinvesting in the initiatives as we've identified. But we don't want to give up customers. And it's fair to say that the guest count declines we do see. There's a couple of things I'll share with you. One is the lower average check level. So clearly there is a value component in there and it's just a case of how do we address that? Is that more of a local level? Is it a national level? I don’t know, our U.S. team's working through that. Another way we've cut and diced this is across the US we have 56 co-ops. And if we look at the fourth quarter the most challenged performing co-ops. See clearly 25% of our cost but actually more than more than half of our guests count declines explained in those 14. So we're putting more support and activity into those co-ops to see if we can just pull up that tail which says multi will lift us collectively as well and we're beginning to see traction there as well. So there's a number of different ways we're approaching this, but we want to remain competitive on value clearly. Getting back to the drive-thru service times, we will see incremental visits as we continue to improve service. Fundamentally we are a quick service restaurant and all trends had been heading the wrong way for too many years. And I'm delighted at how much traction we're getting there given the focus you put on it this year. And we know customers will notice 20 seconds, particularly the time press customers, those busy peak hours well, that's the breakfast rush or lunchtime. Those savings that they don't necessarily notice it on just one visit. But as we consistently run better restaurants, we believe that will be a strong competitive position going forward.
SteveEasterbrook: At the moment we've effectively rolled out from core capability of dynamic users. Kind of what we would say suggest itself. The beauty of this is there is nothing that customer has to adjust to, they almost don't know that this experience is happening for them as we've got dynamic digital menu boards. And effectively as they start to place their order, the menu boards respond to that to that ordering process and therefore are more likely to suggest items a customer will want and less likely to show items that customers are less likely to want. And of course, machine learning helps you improve that and particularly given the transaction levels we have across our business we can learn pretty really -- very quickly. But there's further capabilities as we're learning so for example, there's an area now where they can offer trending now which will actually pick up items either in a restaurant or a local group of restaurants that are proven to be particularly popular at that point in time. So there's kind of get another level of dynamic interaction going there. And again, at this point, we're only really talking about having it on the outdoor digital menu boards. But suffice to say the team -- part of the investment we're making in the business with talent and expertise is to look how can we integrate that into the cell phone or kiosk and perhaps ultimately the global mobile app as well. So I think we're at early stages already very encouraged about the results we're seeing. The speed with which we can execute and roll this out, deploy this is really giving us a lot of confidence that we can get this across. I guess we've now got an outdoor digital menu boards in over 10,000 restaurants in the US. And the majority of our full length international lead markets are pretty much fully deployed as well. UK has got a little bit of cash enough to do. But as I say, this is encouraging operators to invest in the technology because they're seeing the return. And as I say, this is just for the core basic capability and there's more we can add to it.
SteveEasterbrook: Okay, I'll start. Price, Matt, let me start with how we think about it. I think we've talked before, but we look at various things. Certainly food-away-from-home is one guidepost. But also, we look at, and the pricing we talk about is pricing system wide which as you know 95% of those restaurants are run by franchisees determining that -- determining that pricing. But certainly I think if they consider their pricing, they're also looking at cost pressures, whether that's labor, commodities, et cetera. And it's really about trying to strategically balance, offsetting some of those cost pressures with kind of what a customer is willing to pay. So, there isn't a pure formula, that 3% that -- and I think we said nearly 3%, actually it is a little bit below 3%, but close to 3%. And they impact at our comp is actually a little bit less than that, because while the pure price -- what I quoted are pure price increase, but you hit a little bit resistance. And so the actual contribution of the comp ends up being a little bit below that. But it still is roughly that third, two-thirds, about a third, from price, roughly two-thirds from product mix for various reasons, including dynamic yield, the kiosk usage and delivery, all the things that we've been talking about. So that's the -- that's the story on pricing. Related to the burger share, so as we said that in the U.S., we did gain hamburger share in the quarter. I think it's fair to assume with everything going on in the quarter with chicken that we did go a little bit the opposite way on chicken. So I think that's a fair conclusion. So that, if we look at the top 11 markets, we actually gained IO share and QSR share in all 10 of the largest markets beyond the U.S. as well, including some extremely strong gains in markets like the UK, Russia, Australia, France as of all time market share high for example. So I think we are we have proven to be competitive and driving the broader market dynamic around the world actually, which is helping underpin the sales momentum and business momentum.
SteveEasterbrook: Yes, we typically try to avoid that. And partly just because I think it's part of the brand promise we have the customers is just that reliability in knowing what their typical meal or combination costs. So it has been discussed sometimes through and I know others out there. And that's kind of, if you like ultimate dynamic pricing capability. But that's not really kind of underpinning the business the way we want to do business and to stay away from that. We try and have a careful thoughtful approach with our kind of pricing consultants if you like. And we just make periodic adjustments and just give customers that that kind of assurance and reliability.
KevinOzan: Yes, thanks, Andrew. So as I mentioned, our full year spend is expected to be up 1% to 2%, we're up basically 1% through year-to-date. So obviously, you can do the math for fourth quarter. But, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are more efficient on our day-to-day G&A, we're choosing to invest in certain areas of technology and R&D, Dynamic Yield, Apprente, McD Tech Labs, and back in the house some efficiencies that are increasing the G&A certainly slightly this year. And my expectation is that the G&A would be higher in 2020 than is in 2019, mainly because as you know, our acquisitions of both the Apprente and Dynamic Yield happened midyear this year. So we'll have kind of full year impact of those in 2020. I'd say we believe these investments are really important to help set us up well for long term growth. And so we believe that the right thing to do, as you know over the last several years, we've lowered our G&A, both in absolute dollars as well as significantly as a percent of sales. As a perspective in 2014 G&A was 2.8% of sales, this year will be about 2.2% of sales. And really what we're focused on is driving growth and operating margin. And our belief is that we're going to have to spend some money in order to be able to drive operating margin that certainly has grown significantly, again from about 29% to 30% back in 2014 to mid-40s now. So you should expect the G&A will be a little higher in 2020 than is in '19. But to us, it's really about driving top line and bottom line growth.
KevinOzan: Yes. Let me start with the last one first, take care of that one, and then I will come back to the tech spend. When I talk about operating margin, I was talking about kind of the mid 40% range. But certainly you should expect that operating margin dollars will grow. Just as a perspective, if I think about kind of our restaurant margin dollars through year to date, through September, we've grown restaurant margin dollars, about $450 million in constant currency. So you should expect that our ambition is to continue to grow those margin dollars as we continue on. And our expectation is to continue growing those margin dollars. Some offset to that will be G&A, obviously. And as I mentioned, we think G&A will go up some in 2020, but certainly not anywhere close to offset growth and margin dollars, which should mean that our expectation is that operating margin dollars would continue to grow. Relating to tech spend, I'll say a couple things. And then if Steve wants to chime in, he's certainly welcome. It's an interesting question, but I don't know how to prove to you or convince you, let's say that we're spending exactly the right amount. I'd say a couple of things. One, I think we have certainly proven internally and hopefully externally, that we have put discipline around our G&A processes, and that we are investing in things that are driving growth for the business. As Steve mentioned, the way we look at our spend is to determine what kind of return we expect to get on that spend. And that helps drive a determination of what we will spend. We were, as you know, certainly a couple of years ago, a little behind on our technology spending so that we did have to spend some in the last couple years. I'll say just to get infrastructure and things set up the right way. And then finally, I'd say our intent is to set ourselves up for sustainable long term growth. And that's why we're investing in technology today. Our belief is those who aren't investing in technology, at some point will be behind and will need to catch up. And we'd rather be a little bit ahead of the curve and spend the right amount that we think will drive future growth.
KevinOzan: Thanks, David. Okay, let me try and going through all of that. So, regarding 2020, I guess let me first say this, we still have strong belief in our long-term algorithm and target. So I'll start with that. Regarding 2020, if I think about this year just to put this year in perspective that obviously leads into 2020. Year-to-date again September right now, we've put up a 5.9% Global comp, 5% in the US, 7% system wide sales growth in constant currencies. And as I mentioned to Sara's question, that has resulted in about $450 million of restaurant margin growth in constant currencies year-to-date. We do have higher G&A this year because of the dynamic yield apprentice. We will have higher G&A next year because of those as well as just the amortization of some of the tech investments we’ve made. As I think about the gives and takes, the other couple things will be this year we’ll have nearly $200 million lower of restaurant gains. We will likely have some lower gains even next year, certainly not to the extent of this year. We will have continued incremental EOTF depreciation, again, not to the level of this year's increase, which was roughly or a little bit over a $100 million dollars on franchise margins. We don't expect the incremental to be as much in 2020, but we will still have some incremental depreciation on those. So that's some of the pieces. What I would say is, we feel good about -- well, let me go to CapEx first, I guess. CapEx as you mentioned, it'll be roughly $2.3 billion this year, roughly similar amount next year, and then it should fall bit below $2 billion after that. So that regardless of that we believe that free cash flow will continue to grow year upon year. That's how our model shows it right now. And I'd say based on our algorithm, and the way we've looked at it. I feel good about the business model. I feel good about our ability to grow margins and drop back to the bottom line. I certainly feel good about our strategy. And I feel good about the investments we're making in technology and R&D that we think will help set us up well for long-term growth.
KevinOzan: Yes. I'll start and then I will let Steve chime in just so he can save his voice a little bit. Traffic for the third quarter, I'll say there wasn't a meaningful change in traffic trends in the third quarter for the U.S. versus the first couple quarters. So it's still negative. As I mentioned, it's still our largest opportunity, but not a meaningful change in trend in the third quarter versus second quarter. You will recall as we mentioned on our second quarter call, we had a couple benefits in second quarter, one related to the timing of Easter holiday, one relating to some promotional activity we had related to Filet O Fish that helped second quarter I'll say be a little bit above trend, if you will. So third quarter -- if you think about two years stacks, third quarter is relatively similar to first quarter. And the other thing I'd say related to within the quarter, because I know there's been some chatter out there about how the quarter got weaker for us as the quarter went on. All three months were relatively similar in terms of comp sales. So each month was between a 4.5 and 5.5 comp. So it's not like -- it's not like the worlds fell off in August or September or anything like that. And the other thing I would say is, there is certainly was some competitive pressure mid-August, probably through mid-September. That seemed to lessen as we ended the quarter. So I think all of those factors kind of impacted our net result in the order. As you mentioned, EOTF, is a benefit -- third quarter benefit was relatively similar to second quarter benefit. And I would expect that to be similar in the fourth quarter before it starts leveling off for next year.
KevinOzan: Yes. Let me talk about the U.S. margins first. In my prepared remarks, I mentioned kind of what I called operational performance improvements. And really what that means, as I'm exciting as this may be is kind of the basics of running better restaurants. We keep talking about just running better restaurants and getting more efficient in running restaurants. But it's things like reducing complexity in the restaurant, simplifying procedures, focusing on efficiencies and the derive thru, being more diligent with our labor, scheduling and staffing, basic food control. So it's all that stuff that we talk about when it's just managing a restaurant really well. And I think putting more of a focus on that has helped our company operated folks focus on that. To be fair, I think the other piece, I would just throw in there a little bit. Is there is less disruption going on this year than there was last year from a couple standpoint -- couple pieces. One we're almost completed with EOTF in the company operated restaurants. So by the end of this year we will have all of the EOTF projects in our company operated restaurant completed. That's one thing that does, is a distraction and disruptions to the restaurant. The other thing as you know is we have been re-franchising over the last several years and that becomes a little bit of a disruption certainly to the company operated business. So the fact that that's more stable and we have kind of settled in where we are now, I think helps just the stability of running the restaurants on the company operated site. So all of those things I think go into play into why you certainly saw some of that improvement this year. I think as we look forward in the near term in the U.S., we still do have some pressures like the EOTF depreciation, some labor costs. But I think kind of similar range that we've been in the 15% to 16%ish range in the US is probably a reasonable way to think about it going forward. Regarding 2020 in the fourth quarter we will give more detail and go through our actual outlook that will provide more detailed guidance. I'll leave what I said for now as general guidance and it certainly we will get into more detail as we get to year end. We’re in the midst of going through our detailed planning right as we speak. And so I don’t want to get too far ahead before we actually complete that process.
