Stephen J. Easterbrook: Hi, Brian. So on the first one, on the industry, well, clearly, it's been fairly well documented on the consumer slowdown across most consumer segments, to be honest with you, through the second quarter. And therefore, we are very mindful of our competitive position, the competitive gap. So it was important to us that we maintain that competitive advantage and fought for market share. We're not immune from what's happening in the outside world at all, but nor are we letting that deflect our focus on what really matters to us and our customers. I think the general sense is there's a couple of things at play. I mean, first of all, there is a widening gap between food away from home and food at home, where the commodity decreases are being passed through by the grocers. So the food at home, there's value to be had for families there, whereas eating out, there is a price inflation environment. So that's a small part of it. I think generally, there's just a broader level of uncertainty in consumers' minds at the moment, both trying to gauge their financial security going forward, you know, whether through elections or through global events, people are slightly mindful of an unsettled world. And when people are uncertain, when families are uncertain, caution starts to prevail and they start to hold back on spend. And for a business like us, I mean, clearly, we generate a lot of our own business directly, but also we do benefit from people moving around, going to the malls, driving around, going on vacations. And if people are reining in their spend across broader categories, that will have a little bit of a flow-through to us as well. So we're mindful of it. It just means we've got to be closer to our customers than ever and adapt and make sure that we're building compelling plans in the short-term as well as the long. In terms of sustaining trends, well, clearly, we plan to grow our business. But at the same time, we're not trying to do that on a quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter basis. We are mindful of the short-term, but we have our eye aligned (28:19) on the long-term. And we believe we've got a number of the right drivers in place to give us sustained long-term growth here in the U.S. Our value platform, we continue to learn. So for a McPick 2 for $5, for example, we had our second national campaign in May. And we learned more about it in terms of the items we could have within the bundle and how we position that, all the way through to some of the early markets where we're testing out the Experience of the Future in the U.S., where we're making a significant and exciting rollout program in Florida and certainly within New York as well, which we believe the results there may mirror what we're seeing elsewhere in our other major markets, provide a very exciting opportunity across the next few years in the U.S. as well. So mindful of the short-term, we're going to fight for share, but also, we don't want to lose the strategic direction that we believe is right for long-term.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Thanks, David. Yes, so if I was to be U.S. specific, I referenced earlier the YouGov latest poll on brand perceptions. We've made really encouraging progress. And I believe that's because as well as trying to drive the business in the immediate term, we've also made the investments and the commitments around food, food quality, sustainability, the employment proposition, where not only did we move pay for our hourly paid start, but also a far broader enhanced range of benefits, including training and education opportunities for them. And with a brand like McDonald's, everything you do communicates. So the better you move on every single consumer touch point, then the broader halo on the brand starts to improve. So we're encouraged. We've got plenty of plans to maintain that momentum, but it's nice to see it being recognized by consumers. Part of that comes out of the basics of running better restaurants, and we've maintained a 6% year-on-year improvement in overall customer satisfaction. When I look into the detail there, we've made the progress on the areas that the team had intended to make the progress. So we spoke in the past about an attention to order accuracy, particularly in the drive-thru. Our accuracy has improved. The quality of the food perception has improved. Friendliness improved, all by the order of about 6%, including speed of services as well. So I believe the day-to-day customer experience also enhances the brand and also just drives that immediate satisfaction. In terms of going forward, what's important? I'd say a couple of things. I mean, clearly, continuing the journey we are around food and food quality, both investing in the ingredients, the recipes, and the items in the restaurants as well as the perception, better explaining what's in our food, where it comes from. And so that's where The Simpler the Better campaign starts to focus. It chronicles the big meaningful moves we have made and, I believe, signals the direction of travel for us going forward. And, as I say, I'm not going to disclose anything more about it, but there will be more news to come, which we know is going to be powerful on the customer agenda and very, very strong for the brand as well. The other element that I'm excited to introduce, that we will be introducing increasingly in the U.S. because we've seen it work elsewhere in our major mature markets, is rolling out the Experience of the Future, which is a fundamentally different experience for the customer. And a lot of that does involve technology as well as the service experience as well. Any of the interactions that customers have with the experience of McDonald's, whether it's coming into the dining area or going through the drive-thru, how can we take out the long value-added processes and just made it a smoother, more enjoyable and easier experience for customers? So the introduction on of self-order kiosks, the development of our mobile app so you could order in ahead and just check in when you get into the restaurant; it takes out many of those human interactions where complications can arise and just makes it a smoother experience for customers. We are seeing a good pickup in sales as we roll this out across the U.K., Canada, Australia, and early days, but also in Germany as well. So we know we're on to something. We know customers respond well, and certainly it breathes new life into our restaurants and into the brand.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Yeah, thanks, David. You're absolutely right. I mean, the reality is the customer experience is critical in just our underlying business momentum. Speed of service has predominantly improved, largely because we've got the accuracy element of service far better. So we've enhanced the training, some of the operational procedures through the drive-thru. And you may have heard me talk about a program we called Ask, Ask, Tell, which is a way of really ensuring we both took and then delivered the right order day-in, day-out to our customers. Once you get your accuracy right, then the whole drive-thru lane just operates far smoother. We also made significant changes to the merchandising in the drive-thru, with more tailored and focused merchandising menu boards, which, again, just made it easier for customers to order and identify the products they want, but also easier for our teams to take and get right. So I think there's a lot of work that's gone on. The real devil in the detail, down to the font size on the order receipts to make sure our teams who are collecting the orders can gather the right items. But also, there's a lot of work we're doing in the future where we believe we can also enhance service, speed and accuracy and get technology to do some of that heavy lifting for us. So whether it's voice recognition in the drive-thru speaker posts, all the way through to ordering ahead via either the Internet or the app. Now, we have elements of this going on around the world. I'm not sure we're going to pull them all together here in one market, but we are going to take those learnings and see how the customer responds to some of the capabilities we're introducing. And clearly, if the response is strong, we can bring that in and that will help, again, further enhance speed of service. I mean, all the way to we have markets where we have curbside collection for our orders. I mean, if you actually order that ahead via the Internet, you can actually just go and on to curbside. And therefore, when you think about it, you've got one satisfied customer who is ordering and collecting and paying exactly how they want. That's also one fewer car going through the drive-thru, so the existing drive-thru lane runs smoother. So we're looking at this from a number of different directions. I'm definitely not underestimating the day-to-day operation improvements the chains have done so far, but also we're looking at innovation in the future to try and keep it smoother and easier for customers, and just easier for our teams to get right.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Well, I mean, for us, there's a brand association with sports. We've been a long-term sponsor of the Olympics. So we have some fun and engaging initiatives going on, particularly in and around Rio and working with our partners down there, Arcos Dorados. I wouldn't say there's anything material that's going to impact our business trends. We'll have some fun with it in certain markets where there's promotional activity, where there's tie-ins and allows consumers to get a little closer to it. And you can expect to see us with a little piece of that across the U.S. as well, but I wouldn't see it materially impacting our business one way or the other. It's just a brand reinforcement that we're committed to, to global sport to supporting participation at local community levels, just like we are with football or soccer around the world with our FIFA partnership.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Well, I will speak to a couple and Kevin may want to add to that as well. When we look at the average check increases, so kind of the gap between top-line sales and our guest count momentum, I mean, clearly, price is a differentiator, but so is also the product mix, the bundling of items within each purchase. And one thing I would want to say is that when we have offers redeemed through the global mobile app, we see an average check increase. When we see breakfast items bought during the main daypart, we also see an average check increase. So part of it is not just price-driven, it's actually product mix and bundling-driven. I don't particularly want to talk to the monthly trends, because we've got away from that, so I don't think, honestly, that's very valuable. I guess what I would say across the quarter is there wasn't really a deeply meaningful trend one way or the other. We consistently performed and we consistently outperformed the market. And if I look at the competitive gap week-to-week-to-week, which clearly we do, we had a pretty consistent outperformance right across the 13-week period. I don't know if, Kevin, you want to add anything to that.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Sorry, I'm just coming back on MONOPOLY and Angry Birds result. I think it's really important for a business like ours and a brand like ours to create energy and engagement amongst our customers on multiple fronts. And clearly, standing for everyday value is important, certainly, but also, so is some fun and some engagement. And that's the role that games like MONOPOLY play or meaningful promotions like Angry Birds. It just provides some excitement and some buzz around the brand. And we do have a, I would say, competitive advantage that we are able to attract many of the best partners in the world because of our size and scale matching theirs. And like a recent example of the work in Japan, so I'm thinking with Pokémon Go is a great example, where clearly we're a preferred partner and it's been a fun program. It's doing great things for the business. And customers respond to that, both at a day-to-day level in the restaurants, but actually, they recognize that we're a leadership brand and we attract leadership partners.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Hi, John. I think on value, is there a trade-off in transactions having moved away from the Dollar Menu? I think there is, yeah, absolutely. We recognize that. That doesn't come as a surprise to us. What we wanted to do is work hard to still have a compelling everyday value proposition in our restaurants. And that can take the form of many things. So we've gone with the McPick 2 platform. And, again, just to step back and remind why we believe this is strong, is because it's grounded in what customers tell us is most important for them, which is choice and flexibility. We're not locking them into a certain price point, nor are we locking them into a certain selection of bundled items. So we believe that choice and flexibility is right for our customers and gives us flexibility and new news as we return to these programs across a year. Sometimes, they'll be at a national level. If it's not national, it'll be locally reinforced in the marketing windows in between. So we're continuing to learn. We've only been national with McPick 2 for $5 twice now. And again, the local co-ops are being worked on their variations of particularly the McPick 2 for $2 or at a value price point. So we're continuing to learn and evolve that. But is there a transaction trade-off? Yes, there is. We knew that. We planned for that, but we still believe we have an everyday value proposition. And again, it's not just McPick 2. I mean, there's local promotional activity in the co-ops (45:12) on an ongoing basis, whether it's a $1 drink promotion, for example, all the way through to the offers we're now offering through the global mobile app. We've had 12 million downloads of that. We've got 8 million registered users on the app. And clearly, the offers and the frequency card on there are driving over the (45:33) interaction. In terms of quarter four, clearly, we know the, if you like, the quarterly cycles we're on. We believe the enhancement to All Day Breakfast will help reinforce the baseline momentum, as does running better restaurants, as does reinforcing value. The team is certainly working on other activities. There is nothing in particular to share today, but I would say that we are playing the long game here. We're mindful of the quarters, but we're not going to manage it by quarter. We believe we're getting the right fundamental foundations and platforms in place to reinforce the long-term success and profitability of McDonald's. And we have consciously expanded our business plans and our activity away from just a product and price-led program, which we had been somewhat joined to in the past. And we believe that the brand-enhancing long-term perspective, as long as we're winning the short-term market share fight, is a good combination for us.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: All right. Joe, I'll take the first one, because I'm more knowledgeable about Pokémon than I am about the detailed financials. I'll let Kevin deal with that one. So our relationship with Niantic really has been driven by our Japanese team. It's a global phenomenon, clearly, and they're working really hard to roll it across a whole bunch of different markets around the world with, again, great success. We'll keep talking to any leadership partners around the world, so nothing else to say, no other speculation to add to it, but we're certainly enjoying what it's doing for our business in Japan at the moment.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: I'll take the second one, Jason. So McPick 2 and All Day Breakfast, they have both followed pretty much the curve that we would've expected. I mean, whenever you launch anything and put national support behind it, you have a launch volume. And then you kind of settle into a more ongoing run rate. I've got to say we're pretty happy with how both of those have played out. And they have continued into the out quarters, if you like. From the All Day Breakfast launch in October of 2015, we're now almost lapping that, that time and it's continuing to give us strong incremental sales, strong incremental margin and cash flows and incremental visits as well, and the same with McPick 2. So I think these are now platforms that are just going to continue to work hard for us at that kind of steady-state ongoing level.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Hi, Jeff. So when we look at market share certainly across our major markets, we look at both IEO, but also then QSR. And depending on your competitive set, they have different merits, depending on which country you're looking at. But if I was to take IEO, we have made strong gains, I would say, across in U.K., Australia, China and Canada. And we feel good about our position within the broader marketplace. Even more encouraging is in the nearing competition, the QSR market share, where we have made some substantial gains in U.K., Australia, China and Canada. And I think as part of the turnaround, we have really focused on making sure that we win in the most immediate competitive set we are. This is part of the modern, progressive burger company ambition, which is make sure we're strong and dominant in our immediate sector. And then we start to take IEO share as we broaden the experience. I believe the Experience of the Future will have us fight into an increasingly strong position in the broader IEO. In the immediate term, it was getting the basics of the business right so we win QSR market share. And I've shared over a number of these calls and meetings we've had about some of the successes in Australia and Canada, for instance, but the customer experience is noticeably different than it was three to four years ago, both from the designs of the restaurant, the introduction of technology, the substantially enhanced front-of-house hospitality that we now offer, all the way through to providing more options to customize your food by self-order kiosks, for example, in the dining areas. And now we're extending that to table service. So if a customer was to walk in now versus two, three, four years ago, it would be a noticeably different experience. And I believe that's both winning QSR share and IEO share. And those are the sort of ideas that with the new structure we have, we're looking to move and are moving very, very quickly between markets.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: I would say just as a broader philosophy on the fundamentals of not just the turnaround plan, but our growth strategy beyond, Jeff, is that with the ownership strategy, this is around us being able to focus our time and our attention and our resource on the areas and the markets that make the largest contribution and also our talent. So we're going to place our talent in the areas that drive growth. We can place our capital in the markets where the returns are stronger and, at the same time, liberate one of the fundamental DNAs at McDonald's, which is to have 100-plus of our 120 markets owned and operated by franchisees and developmental licensees, because they are closer to the customer and closer to their local culture. So we believe we're going to get that balance right, which will certainly enhance our efficiency and effectiveness, not just as an operating business and drive long-term growth, but also our financial returns as well.
Stephen J. Easterbrook: Thanks, Chris. And, again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. I want to re-emphasize our focus on putting the customer at the center of everything we're doing, from the food we cook to the conveniences we offer, to the service we provide. That mindset ignited our turnaround last year and continues to guide our decision-making. We're moving the right direction, with four quarters of growth, with growth across all four segments in each quarter. But there is more work to do. And that's precisely why we remain committed to executing our turnaround plan through the end of the year. I'm encouraged by the way we're creating a better McDonald's and excited about the opportunities ahead. And I'm confident we will continue to aggressively take actions to strengthen our business and reassert our leadership position as the modern, progressive burger company in the global IEO industry. Thanks to all of you, and have a great day.
Kevin M. Ozan: Yeah, thanks, Brett. It's Kevin. You saw in second quarter this year, we were able to actually grow margins 30 basis points in the U.S. with the 1.8% comp sales, which we were certainly pleased about. As you know, long-term margins are a top-line game for us. We need to grow comps in order to maintain and improve margins, but what we were able to do this quarter was effectively manage the restaurant profitability as well. So while commodity costs were more favorable this quarter, our management of what we call controllable costs, both on the food side and the labor side, was better this quarter than prior quarters. And so we're pleased that we're doing a better job of managing running the restaurant, but also managing the profitability of the restaurant. Going forward, we've always said that we need about a 2% to 3% comp in a normal inflationary environment. That probably hasn't changed much, and there certainly isn't anything structural that would prevent us from getting back to kind of where we were on high margins in the U.S.
Kevin M. Ozan: I'll talk about some the pricing stuff you mentioned, Andrew. Related to kind of what rolls off, I guess what I would say is in the second quarter, we had some pricing from the prior year that rolled off and we didn't replace all of that. And you can probably expect similar for the rest of this year, again, partly because of that widening gap between food at home and food away from home inflation. So we're certainly keeping a close eye on both of those metrics because it's really important for us to focus on maintaining and growing guest counts.
Kevin M. Ozan: Regarding labor costs, minimum wage, et cetera, you should expect to see kind of not a big bang like you would've seen in 2015 related to one significant effort, if you will, to raise wages at one time. We certainly are mindful of wage increases in various states throughout the country. One of the pluses that we've seen from the efforts that we've taken, as Steve mentioned, both on the wage side as well as the benefit side, is that our crew turnover is down year-over-year. So we've seen some benefits on the labor availability side, if you will, from the actions we've taken. I think it's fair to say labor pressures will likely continue in a lot of countries around the world, including the U.S., but there aren't any specific plans to have a one point in time where we significantly increase.
Kevin M. Ozan: And then, Jeff, related to your cash return question, as you indicate, obviously, over the last year or so, we've had an adjustment of our capital structure by taking out some more leverage and returning that via share buyback to shareholders. Going forward, we haven't stated any target, but certainly our overall capital allocation philosophy hasn't changed, which means you should expect that over the long-term, we would return all free cash flow to shareholders, that's a combination of dividends and share repurchase, while still maintaining kind of that BBB+ credit rating, which is where we are right now.
Kevin M. Ozan: Yeah, Jeff, it's Kevin. Couple things, one, I believe we expect to be 93% by the end of 2018, with 95% longer-term. So I just want to make sure everyone gets that. As you know, the way it works when we refranchise, we'll pick up franchise margin dollars. Effectively, we're swapping company-operated margin dollars for franchise margin dollars, and certainly then spending less G&A and capital to generate those franchise margin dollars. So as you state, that was certainly accretive to operating margin back historically when we've done that. We would expect similar – that we would also be able to improve operating margins going forward, based on the activity. As you indicate, we're certainly not going to throw a number out there, but, generally, one of the main reasons we're doing that is because of the stability of both the cash flows and the operating performance going forward. So we've got a stable revenue stream that we'll collect and a predictable model that allows us to manage the business pretty effectively. Certainly on a free cash flow basis, you should expect that it would be accretive, because, as I said, we're generating more income, more cash flow, and not spending as much capital.
Kevin M. Ozan: Yeah, John. Let me talk about the whole deal of developmental licensee versus conventional. So as we talked about last year, we effectively took a restaurant-by-restaurant and market-by-market approach to look at kind of the best way of franchising in our mind. And what you'll see is, and generally in our major significant mature markets, that's the U.S. and International Lead markets, you'll see more of the conventional franchising, which is what we do in the U.S. So you would have seen some more conventional franchising certainly in this quarter and there will likely be further franchising like that. In countries, certainly in certain parts of Asia and Europe, where either it's a little bit more volatile from an economic and political standpoint and/or a partner can help us accelerate growth and grow faster than maybe we're willing to put in capital right now, those situations, you will likely see us using that developmental license model that we've used successfully for many years in a lot of the countries. All of the transactions that we have planned right now were taken into consideration when we came up with that $500 million of G&A reduction. So the $500 million contemplated all of the transactions that we have kind of in our plans at this point. So none of those activities will, in and of themselves, drive further G&A reductions. That doesn't mean that we're not going to continue to look for efficiencies and run the business in a disciplined manner, but you shouldn't expect that because we complete a franchising transaction or anything along those lines that that would trigger automatically a further or additional G&A cut in addition to the $500 million.
