James A. Skinner: Jeff, I think first of all, we're very confident in our business model in Europe, and we've continued to perform there. I think, really, August was a bit of an aberration in the overall scheme of things relative to plan days and promotional activities from previous -- from a year ago. And so, we continue to be confident in our initiatives there. And we're not seeing a big impact, really, to our guest counts and the growth in the marketplaces with some of the austerity measures and some of the economic issues that are there, that are impacting certainly discretionary income. And so, it's been actually a good example of how well our business model adapts in these various marketplaces around the world and in different kinds of economic environments we find ourselves in, which is been our history. As you know, it's not the first time we've had to deal with these kinds of things around the world. We've had our presence in Europe for a long time and have gone through various ups and downs in the economies and yet, have been able to deliver steady performance on behalf of brand McDonald's. Because of our business model and the way we're structured, the everyday affordability, as we like to say, our customer's getting pinched everywhere. They shouldn't get that at McDonald's. And even these austerity measures and the lifestyles in Europe, although they can be more harsh in some environments than others, I think the standard of living and the discretionary income has to be impacted very, very severely for us to start to feel that impact at the McDonald's front counter and drive-thru.
James A. Skinner: I think, David, first of all, you're very familiar with our discipline around pricing. And we take it at a point in time in terms of the impact of the marketplace, food away at home, food at home, and as you know, we try to balance that across the indexing. And of course, the economic environment. But mostly, we measure this by the cost environment and this food away from home. And it doesn't mean, based on everything we've said, that we won't look at pricing for next year. We probably will. We look at it on a regular basis but can't really predict when we would take a price increase, because it all matters -- it matters in terms of what we're seeing in the indexing at that point time. I don't know that we've said we don't feel like we have the elasticity there. I just think we're just very, very cautious in the face of the economic environment we find ourselves in over there. And we're going to be very prudent about the way we go about pricing. As you said though, we did take the 2.5% right off the top in the U.K. when they had that VAT change. And I think the important thing is that it hasn't had any impact really on our guest counts and traffic in the restaurants.
James A. Skinner: Well, Keith, I'll start. And then, I'll let Pete talk to you about the details in terms of what he thinks, say up [ph] what's commodity cost there for the future. But our supply chain, connected with our treasury and our suppliers, do a magnificent job relative to mitigating the impact on overall basis regarding these commodity costs around the world. And sometimes, I don't think they get enough credit for this because we take it very seriously and the process works very well for us. And it's not the case for everybody. They don't simply have that sort of structure or capability. And so, I think that's the reason why you've seen the results you've seen in kind in that regard. Relative to the future, I'll let Pete talk to you a little bit about what we're looking at.
James A. Skinner: Well, Nicole, I think -- I couldn't tell you specifically about each one of those categories, to be honest with you. But I leave that up to the U.S. team to figure that out. But the tiered pricing process has given us the opportunity to be able to have value across the menus. So if you look at Dollar Menu, then the tiered pricing and the middle, and some of those great value offerings that we have in the menu, snack wraps, et cetera. And then on the premium end with the premium sandwiches, premium salads, and that sort of thing, we weigh all of that when we take a look at the menu mix relative to pricing and value for our consumer, and then make a decision around that. And I couldn't tell you exactly where the elasticity is. If I could, you'd probably think I'm spending my time in the wrong place. But the U.S. team has every geography is very, very good at this. And it's all based on market consumer data that we use in the pricing mix, as Pete mentioned, food away from home, food at home. And it gets broken down across the menu based on what we know about our product mix in the U.S. and elasticity there.
James A. Skinner: I think certainly the biggest drivers is certainly our consumer, and their feelings about our pricing and everyday affordability on the menu. Yes, we take a look at what competitors are doing, but not because we will necessarily make a decision based on that, but we take all things into consideration as we look across the marketplace. But mostly, it's about this index of food at home and food away from home, and we're very judicious about our price increases because maintaining everyday affordability, particularly in the environment that we're in today, is paramount. And we have a pricing model that we use very, very effectively. And yet, it takes intuition and a gut feeling about when to pull the trigger on these kinds of things. And we take all of those factors into consideration because our pricing model and around our commodity cost and our supply chain. And our ability to sort of manage the impact of those costs at the restaurant level is very important to us. And not every other organization that takes prices or moves their pricing up and down has that strength or capability. And so, although we look at what others do and pay attention to that, really, it's an inside game here at McDonald's relative to pricing based on what our consumers are expecting from us.
James A. Skinner: Yes, Joe. This is Jim. When you look at our numbers around return on incremental invested capital, which as you know, has been one of our hurdle rates since our revitalization plan in all '03, has shown us that we -- because the results have been so great, the goal was high teens, and we've been in the 25th to 40th percentile, depending on what segment of the business you're looking at. And much of that, combined with the average unit volumes of these new restaurants are coming on at, and our development tools that we have been able to use around the world to determine where best to grow and have all come together and sort of given us permission to grow more restaurants around the world. And that's the simple reason. But we spend a very great amount of time around here and due diligence and not just throwing numbers out because we've had good results and say, "Well, we'll just up it." We take a real hard look at the metrics around new store openings and demand that our geographies pay attention to that and continue to deliver on things that are important as we grow the business. But that's really the reason as we -- we've had good results, and the ROI I see has demonstrated that those new restaurants have come online at a very productive and profitable way, and therefore, more opportunity.
James A. Skinner: It's also important to note that we're right around all-time highs in the margins on the company side. And this all gets back to pricing and top line and how much of that you can mitigate, and certainly, don't know if wanted to do that to the expense of the customers. So we take all that into consideration, but you have to continue to look at the fact that, that number is at a pretty high level relative to the overall history of margins in the company.
James A. Skinner: Matt, Jim Skinner. I'll start off with China, and I'll let Pete talk about Europe and add his two cents in on China. First of all, the way we've developed in China in the major cities, where we're mainly focused, is through new developments, if you will. So the Chinese are very disciplined around developing new retail outlets and a whole combination of things. They do these like cities, if you will. And so, we go into those because we know we need to be there, but in fact, we go in there early as compared to the overall developments. So you're going to see a benefit, I think, in year 2 or 3 on some of those new stores, which should start to have an impact on that overall margin relative to the new store growth. And it's the best way for us to develop the market because we need to be in those environments. But it takes a little time for them to come on, as the other population retail engagement in those properties begin to come online in a meaningful way.
James A. Skinner: Well, I don't -- John, this is Jim. I don't know for sure exactly how much emphasis we want to put on Dollar Menu for next year, except to say Dollar Menu is here to stay. We have supported our franchisees for the Dollar Menu going into 2012. The system for alignment around everyday affordability is extraordinarily strong. And it's going to continue to be important, and we will continue to communicate that to our consumers. And so, I don't see a lot of change there. Relative to overall menu development and new product news, the U.S. is going to probably continue to talk about breakfast. They'll talk about big sandwiches and other mid-tier. The problem we have with a company like McDonald's is that the expectation around communication around all those of things is expected by our consumers. And of providing them that choice on the menu has to continue to get better, not get stale or go soft. And so, I expect that we will continue to communicate strongly around all of those day parts and all of those menu platforms.
James A. Skinner: Yes, David, this is Jim. Although, I think you asked Pete the question, I was just with franchisees last week and the week before that here in the United States. And of course, we pay very close attention to franchisee cash flow and profitability going all the way back to Ray Kroc, who said, "First, the franchisees make money, and then everything else follows." And we've not changed our philosophy around that in 55 years. And so, the headline is, that it continues to be very, very good. It is off slightly this year, but it's off a record high last year. And the franchisees I think are very, very pleased, particularly, when you look at the alignment of the organization around our initiatives, which we collaborate on very closely. First of all, we don't make decisions here at the center and then bark our orders to our franchisees. They're part of the process in the Plan to Win. And to profitability, regarding those initiatives, it's always a factor as we move forward with the progress and the sustainable growth of the organization, which revolves around the cash flow for the franchisees. It's a very good place right now and continues to be in a good place. And much of this because of the system support for the franchisee profitability, as we talked earlier about supply chain and locking and food costs that are going to be appropriate for them to be able to maintain some level of cash flow that's important to them. In spite of the fact that we have these enormous commodity-cross increases that we've operated with, we work together. We do a very good job on this, and I think you would find that they're very happy and supportive of the initiatives and because we decide together.
James A. Skinner: Sure, this is Jim. First of all, on the communication in the share voice, on advertising with our consumers. It's remained as a percentage of historical expense, about the same and about the same nationally, except to say that we will continue to maintain those levels during the recession and the downturn. And so, our shared voice continues to be very, very strong, and we've always had the attitude of McDonald's that we need to be communicating at the same or greater levels during difficult times as compared to healthier times. And so, that's continued to grow and be very, very effective for us. But that's been the case really forever around here. Relative to the day part growth, we've had day part growth really across the board. And I talked in my comments this morning about the growth around the breakfast and some of the items, the Egg McMuffin and the value items and the nutritional items, oatmeal and the rest. And so -- and we're very balanced in our communication with our consumers around these things without -- because we don't have the luxury of pushing one side of the business versus another side of the business, because we've got such high hurdles to really get over regarding the overall experience throughout the entire business day. And so we're very pleased with the results. But I think you would see a very sort of deliberate, focus around all of day parts and communication and continuing to maintain our share of voice, which by the way is very supported nationally by our franchisees and they're somewhere in the 1% to 2% range and overall store contribution, with local contribution is somewhere in the 3% to 6% range. And it's sort of been that way for the last few years.
James A. Skinner: RJ, this is Jim. On the McCafé, we've served beverages around the world differently forever, really. So if you like, you can take McCafés. McCafés really started in Australia. McCafés have expanded in Europe. Europe really had what they would call their McCafé program before the United States. And so, the United States version, of course, in line with the front counter, so we can facilitate drive-thru. These are all really different concepts. And yet, with the expansion of the blended iced drinks and the smoothies and the other kinds of things into the markets around the world, I would say that, okay, as we review our plans coming up in the next month or so for 2012 from the area of the worlds, I would doubt whether they really have that quantified to the extent where I would be able to tell you what expectation is on a store-by-store basis. The reason why we quantified it the way we did for United States is because you asked us to, one. And two, because at a wholesale basis, we were rolling out something that was going to impact nearly 14,000 stores. And so, we were capable of doing it that way because it was a unified program that was consistent throughout every store. We don't have that same experience in every store other than the fact that if you're selling fruit smoothies, that might be consistent. But the footprint platform and the ability for us to be able to expand McCafé is somewhat different in every market.
James A. Skinner: I wouldn't say, Jon, that we've seen anything significant there. We've had very good results over the past number of years because of our people migration plans and understanding the relationship as you modernize the experience in the restaurant. It has to be modernized for the customer or for the employees as well. And we do a lot of things there to retain our people in the organization. And yet, I wouldn't say that because of austerity or the unemployment numbers or any of these other issues that we're facing, all of our people around the world that, that yet has changed significantly.
James A. Skinner: Yes. I just like to say thanks for joining us this morning. In closing, I want to reemphasize the ongoing strength of our global business and our confidence in the continued success of our brand. I think we've demonstrated our fundamentals, and Plan to Win strategy is strong and I'm optimistic that we will continue to drive results in the future. Thanks, and have a great day.
Peter J. Bensen: Michael, really, I would say no, we haven't. China for the quarter delivered another strong comp. It was 11.3% for the quarter on top of a double-digit comp last year in the third quarter with double-digit guest count growth in both periods. So China continues to perform strongly for us. The other emerging markets within APMEA, so the South Korea, the Taiwans, the Philippines, the Hong Kong, et cetera. All of those helped contribute toward the performance in the quarter and are seeing good sales and traffic growth. We've always talked about the importance of value in that particular region of the world, especially. And it continues to be important. But our formula over there is working well, and we're continuing to see not only good sales and traffic, but the profitability.
Peter J. Bensen: Yes, and Keith, I know we had an investor meeting over there where we gave some commodity information. That isn't something that we're going to typically update every quarter. But I will tell you that it's based on the things Jim mentioned, and as we have a preliminary look at next year, we don't see any dramatic spike from that. So I don't see us having to do anything dramatically different on the pricing side as a result of commodities. As you know, there's continual pressure on labor over there. And while we continue to keep our rates ahead of the minimums, there's always going to be some constant labor pressure as well. But as we sit today, we don't see anything dramatically different about next year compared to this year that's going to cause any different pricing perspective.
Peter J. Bensen: Jason, I would say there's nothing in there that was significantly different or is a particular outlier. It just so happens that almost every category of those cost is going in the wrong direction. So utility's up a little bit. Depreciation, up a little bit. That, in part, due to our reimaging efforts. Labor is up. The average wage is up in the U.S. and generally around the world. So there's no one particular item or no particular item is driving a significant piece of it. But just a general inflation across all of the line items is really what's underneath that. And since we look to next year, I don't know that there's going to be anything dramatic on those line items either.
Peter J. Bensen: And Matt, that isn't dramatically different from what we see in other countries. It maybe 10 basis points higher in China because of some of the specifics Jim mentioned. But generally, they start out a little bit lower, and then by the third year, they've pretty much caught up to the market average. So if you think about what we're doing in China from a development standpoint, we opened 166 last year. We're going to open close to 200 or 200 this year. That kind of incremental ramp up in new stores is really what's kind of causing that impact as we continue to increase the number of openings every year, while slightly have more impact. But it's definitely, at the same time, you've got more stores that are maturing to help offset that. So again, it's not dramatic, but it is something we keep an eye on but is performing consistent with how other markets performed during their kind of their development ramp-up phase. And in terms of the reimaging across Europe, similar to the U.S., those first year comps are up 6% to 7% ahead of the marketplace. And if you've seen the results in Europe over the last couple of years, sales continue to grow in that regard. So we're comfortable that we're still seeing sales increases above the market in those restaurants. And yet, there's more than that just that sales increase that drives improvement in the customer's attitude about McDonald's and the surroundings they're in, their perception of the cleanliness of the restaurant, the quality of service and the food. So it helps build that customer loyalty and drive more repeat business. So it's performing the way we had hoped and expected it to.
Peter J. Bensen: Yes. Andy, I think it's probably closer to the latter. I think if you look at the success we've had in 2011 -- so here we are 9 months in, we had some pretty significant weather the first couple of months, and yet, we're still at a 4% comp nine months in. Really, we're at a combination of line extensions and what we call these premium food events, which is a limited time offering. So from the introduction of oatmeal to the barbecue bacon, fourth flavor on the Angus to the Asian salad, which was on for a limited time and a couple of new beverages, et cetera, I think as we review the 2012 calendar for the U.S., it feels like a similar year to 2011.
Peter J. Bensen: Well, Mitch, if you look at the third quarter, specifically in the U.S., costs were up 8%, which was the highest for the year so far. They were up 6% in the second quarter and about 1% in the first. So it's by far was the worst quarter. Europe was up about 5% for the quarter, which was kind of similar to the second quarter for them. But the one thing you have to consider is, certainly, in the U.S., when we flip the calendar to January of 2011, we had 0 pricing increases rolling over from the previous year. Whereas, when we flip the calendar to 2012, those first 2 months will have the benefit of the previous 12 months of price increases that we've taken in the U.S. So that's certainly a factor and something we consider as we think about price increases, frankly, the rest of this year. And I think something similar in Europe, why we don't have the a preliminary estimate nailed down quite yet in Europe with the volatility and some of the currency markets over there and the commodities, they're going to have a year probably that's similar or maybe a little bit better than the U.S. from a cost side. But we'll have an opportunity to refine that and maybe share it at the analyst meeting. But it's going to continue to be, as we look at what is going on in the marketplace, is the consumer in a place that we're comfortable, we can continue to add price increases or continue to monitor the impact on them. If you look, as Jim made some comments about Europe, with everything going on there daily around the sovereign debt crisis and what's going on, especially in the 2 big markets we do business in that are, the ones that are supposed to bail out the continent, hearing that all the time in the press does play on the consumer psyche. So we'll continue to be mindful of that, and we'll do what's going to be best for the long-term business from a price side and managed the input [ph] cost as best as we can.
Peter J. Bensen: All right, Jeff. The one issue with the commodities is, we only give you guidance updates once a quarter. And so, you can't necessarily assume that all of the increase in our guidance is going to be felt in the fourth quarter, because we actually started experiencing that in August and September. And so, while we knew the third quarter was going to be probably the highest cost-increase quarter of the year, heading into that quarter, and that's what we had messaged in July. It actually, primarily, because of the beef costs, which as you know, historically, is our least protected and hedged item. That drove the increases. So you're not seeing a 200 basis point deviation from our expectations in the fourth quarter on cost increases. It's actually much closer than that. And we're not going to get into item by item, how much of this is protected. But we've consistently said that beef is the wildcard for us in terms of it has the least amount of locked-in pricing. And so, while we didn't see the traditional falloff in prices after the summer of grilling season that we've historically seen, and that falloff frankly was built into our last forecast. But it's manageable for us. And the good news is, in the fourth quarter in the U.S., those cost increases are going to be well below what they were in the second and third quarters. So that's good. And probably at the analyst meeting is when we'll start to give a first look at currency. To be honest with you, I haven't even formulated a view on that yet.
Peter J. Bensen: And John, as you pointed out, the new register system is certainly one of the tools that will help facilitate that. Our old register system couldn't have handled in any reasonable way the additional choice and variety that Jim is mentioning. And it helps facilitate the introduction more easily as some of these what we call premium food events or rotating events that items will come on the menu for 6, 8, 12 weeks and then go away, we couldn't have done that as easily or efficiently with our old register system. So it is definitely a key piece of our menu strategy.
Peter J. Bensen: Brian, I don't have the specific reimage plan by country in front of me over the next couple of years. But I will tell you that a majority of them have an opportunity to undergo a major improvement. What we see in the U.S., and this probably should make sense, but when we're able to, because we have enough real estate, add a side-by-side drive-thru, at the same time, we're doing the full interior and exterior reimage, we're seeing the greatest sales increase. And anything we can do to increase that capacity is going to just kind of exponentially improve the sales that you get from just doing the reimaging interior and exterior. But we look at that, and as Jim mentioned in his remarks, if we don't have the real estate to do the side by side, then we go down and say, "All right, well then, let's use a handheld order taker to try to get those multiple order points in the drive-thru to increase our capacity." And I think today, we have almost 1,000 of those handhelds in the U.S. and increasing those numbers. So there is plenty of opportunity to continue these improved results that we're seeing today.
