Brian Yoor: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom, and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today maybe forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2013. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Brian Yoor: Hi, Larry. This is Brian. Yes. With ABSORB, we are still continuing to see some sequential improvement there. We had another nice quarter it started to become a more meaningful portion of the portfolio. I think we will continue to see further increases from it in the fourth quarter, particularly as procedures pick up and more adoption takes place. Also in Europe, just as we come out of the summer months, we tend to see procedures pick up, so ABSORB is on track with our plans and continuing to make progress. Go ahead Miles.
Brian Yoor: And then with respect to MitraClip, Larry, I mean again a meaningful contributor to our international sales growth. That is with respect to the U.S. as we just still remain in conversations with the FDA and we want to see where that lands. But we know they talked to us about decision by the end of the year and nothing has really changed from acquisition with respect to MitraClip. It's not factored into our guidance at all at this point
Brian Yoor: Yes, hi, David. This is Brian. With respect to diagnostics, it is one where it is more about the total solution that you bring. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we have had a lot adoption from people who like the flexibility and the scalability and the offering that we bring from end-to-end with respect to our cash with respect to our equipment. We have had, to your point, some nice key account wins in the U.S. with takeaways from multiple competitors in the core lab with respect to our core laboratory business. Recall, we put in place this enterprise approach to selling. We started with the European markets. As we moved into the U.S. markets, we are definitely seeing that pay dividends in terms of the approach there in terms of selling the complete solutions that we are talking about. So in the U.S., you saw the results in the quarter. That's largely attributed to these account wins. There was like five or so major account wins that we had taken which helps to build momentum. It tends to be sticky over time as well when you are talking about these contracts, because they tend to be longer term in nature. So If you are looking at molecular, we have again strong growth there. Again internationally infected disease has been our strength. We continue to penetrate there. We had strong double-digit growth in emerging markets having some key tender wins in some key countries Brazil, Russia, Africa. Most of our sales, again 60% of molecular outside the U.S. and that's where we are really growing nicely. And the U.S. is more of that durable growth that we continue to expect to see.
Brian Yoor: You better to be clear which rate you are talking about. This quarter's rate is not a fourth quarter rate.
Brian Yoor: Thank you, Lisa. Thank you for all your questions and that concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11 A.M. Central Time today, on Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbotinvestor.com and after 11 A.M. Central Time via telephone at 203-369-0228, pass code 3871. The audio replay will be available until 4 P.M. Central Time on Wednesday, October 30. Thank you for joining us today
Tom Freyman: Thanks, Miles. Before I go through our results for the quarter, I would like to summarize at a high level the major changes from the expectations we had when we provided guidance back in July. As Miles indicated in his remarks, the disruption in our International Nutrition business that occurred in the third quarter had a meaningful impact on that business in the quarter. As a result of this event, sales in our International Nutrition business were around $90 million lower than our previous expectations. In addition, we decided to make additional marketing investments in the quarter to accelerate recovery. Combination of lower sales and higher spending related to this event negatively impacted our ongoing earnings per share by around $0.05. This was offset in the quarter by better than expected gross margin performance, reductions in G&A expenses, and a lower tax rate. This resulted in ongoing EPS of $0.55, which represents a 31% growth over 2012 and exceeded the midpoint of our previous guidance range by $0.03 per share. Turning to the details for the third quarter, sales increased 4.3% on an operational basis. That is excluding an unfavorable 2.3% impact from foreign exchange. The sales disruption in our International Nutrition business is estimated to have reduced Abbott's worldwide sales growth by nearly 2%, the sales would have increased around 6% without this event. Emerging market sales were up more than 8% in the quarter on an operational basis and it would have increased more than 12% on an operational basis without the disruption. Sales growth was driven by strong performance across a number of our products and businesses including operational sales growth of more than 10% in Diagnostics and nearly 12% in Medical Optics, along with an improvement in total company sales growth in developed markets. Reported sales, which include the impact of exchange, increased 2% in the quarter. The third quarter adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.9% of sales, ahead of our previous guidance and up 70 basis points over the prior year, despite the impact of exchange reflecting strong underlying performance. Foreign exchange negatively impacted the gross margin ratio by almost 150 basis points in the quarter, somewhat lower than our previous expectations. In the quarter, ongoing R&D investment was approximately 6.5% of sales, in line with previous expectations. Ongoing SG&A expense was also in line with previous expectations reflecting additional marketing investments in our International Nutrition business, offset by G&A expense reductions. Overall, our adjusted operating margin ratio improved 210 basis points in the quarter over the prior year. Our year-to-date ongoing tax rate through the third quarter was 19%, lower than the forecast we provided on the second quarter call. This 19% rate also reflects our expectations for the full year 2013. The revision to this lower tax rate for the full year resulted in a tax rate of 15.7% for the third quarter. Turning to the outlook for the full year 2013. Today, we are confirming our ongoing full-year earnings per share guidance range of $1.98 to $2.04 reflecting double-digit growth. We are forecasting operational sales growth that is excluding the impact foreign exchange in the low-to-mid single digits for the full year 2013. Based on current exchange rates, we would expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 2% on full-year reported sales. This would result in reported sales growth in the low-single digits. We forecast an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio for the full year of approximately 55.5% of sales, ongoing R&D at around 6.5% of sales, and ongoing SG&A expense of somewhat more than 30% of sales. We also forecast the full-year net interest expense of approximately $100 million, non-operating income of around $50 million, and around $40 million of expense on the exchange gain/loss line of the P&L. Finally, as previously indicated, we forecast the full year ongoing tax rate of 19%. Turning to the outlook for the fourth quarter of 2013. Operational sales growth is expected to be in the low-to-mid single digits, which includes the impact of the Nutrition disruption. At current exchange rates, we would expect roughly 3% negative impact from exchange. We forecast an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio in the fourth quarter of approximately 55.5% of sales. We also forecast an ongoing tax rate of 19% for the fourth quarter, in line with the year-to-date rate. Lastly, similar to the third quarter, we expect the recent sales disruption in our International Nutrition business to impact our ongoing earnings per share by approximately $0.05 in the fourth quarter, which is factored into our forecast. With that, I will turn it over to Brian for the operating highlights and growth outlooks by business.
Tom Freyman: Yes. I think, we are in really good shape for that Mike. As you know, we have very strong cash flow as a company on a normalized basis this year probably approaching the $4 billion range, and we have been in a very good position today to cover our cash needs between the various geographies. As we go forward, I think we are in a good position to do that with this dividend payout and obviously that is part of the plan. I think over time as the company grows and we fund growth wherever it is, debt levels might gradually increase over time, but we are in very good shape to fund this dividend increase.
Tom Freyman: Well, we do expect, Larry, some of that to continue into the fourth quarter, probably at somewhat lower level, probably closer to 100 basis points since we are currently modeling it. This is an item that does bounce around depending on the currency volatility. Obviously, you know, revenues immediately impact margin and sometimes there is some timing differences on the cost side, but this quarter did come in a little heavier than we thought and we overcame it quite nicely, but we would expect about 100 basis points in the fourth quarter. If rates would stabilize, hopefully next year will be a better year relative to exchange on the margin and it will be share performance, but we will have to see what volatility brings.
Tom Freyman: That's an easy one, David. We are right where we expected to be but for the issue with nutrition in Asia in this quarter. Had that not happened, we would be at 6% on the top line and there is lot of ins and outs there. I mean I guess, first we should probably talk operationally which would be the case. I mean clearly exchange this year, I think for everybody, has been a significant issue but in any case exchange comes and goes. The underlying operating strength of the business has ramped just as we had expected it would. It hasn't done it in every single business the way we thought it would. EPD has been slower. Diagnostics and devices have been faster but what it boils down to is, we would be right where, in fact, we are. I mean we are where we said we would be on the bottom line, where we said we would be on the top line, but for the issue with nutrition in Asia. And I would tell you that our plans haven't changed at all nor have our expectations. I wouldn't be setting a 4% top-line target, I would be doing higher than that and we haven't changed our expectations because we don't see the underlying factors any differently than we have before and we don't our strategies any differently. We are not changing our investment profile. We are not changing our geographic profile other than beyond what we have told you. So for us, it's all systems straight ahead and it's so far playing out exactly as we had hoped and expected. We are getting very good gross margin improvement, very good G&A improvement. We get lot of room to go there, our pipelines are evolving very nicely in R&D. Our execution in EPD is progressing just as I have wanted it to, our growth in Nutrition is progressing as we have said and remains strong. Diagnostics, particularly strong, the Device business is all improving and Medical Optics dramatically so, so I would say, it all looks to me very strong. The one exception and it was a significant exception in this quarter, was the Asian issue with Nutrition and that's one we will just recover our way out of and we are not going to change our intentions with China or any of the other countries. We are not changing anything about our strategies. It happened it wasn't of our making we are dealing with it and we will continue to deal with it, but our prospects and our expectations haven't changed one bit.
Tom Freyman: Glenn, we are not in a position to talk about '14 right now. So as we get through this year and then obviously we will talk about our guidance at the appropriate time.
Tom Freyman: Yes. It is probably just some mix things between the divisions I mean every division is showing nice progress. I wouldn't read too much into that slight change in outlook and then hopefully if we continue to execute the way we did in the third quarter, maybe we will do a little bit better than that forecast. So I wouldn't read too much into it and as Miles had indicated and we have said in our remarks, many times it's a driving gross margin improvement over time. It's a major focus of the company. It has been for a number of year now and as we go into '14, obviously we are going to be pushing to drive that off. So I think we will be in good shape when we report in the fourth quarter and nothing significant in terms of what that guidance means.
Tom Freyman: Yes, I will just say a couple of things. As Miles talked about on the second quarter call, I mean our goal on this pricing is that the price is not a barrier to use and now that's kind of what supports the use of the product as a workhorse stent. So I would say, as we look at it in any one market, it's a relatively modest premium and certainly not a barrier to the use of the product.
Tom Freyman: No, I just think it's a matter of not all lesions lend themselves to Absorb right now. And it's a matter of physician training. Physicians need to become comfortable with it. Those that have used it quite a bit find that they can apply it to a relatively high percentage of the lesion. So those are really the two things that the commercial team continues work on in terms of increasing the uptake for the product.
Tom Freyman: Yes. I mean, the division already had quarters in that range and they are not halting their progress and their activity and I think it's fair. You characterized it pretty fairly, Rick, that we certainly think we are going to do better than that and I think if you follow the results over the next couple of quarters, you are going to see really good progress relative to that goal, so yes, it's the situation in Diagnostics. In Nutrition, obviously, with the event we are going to get a very temporary setback here until we recover. We still did expand the margin in the quarter, but a little bit short obviously of what we were targeting before the event, because we need to invest to recover, so we get a little bit of a bump in the road there, but I think within the matter of few months we will be rapidly back and continue to target that same high level of improvement in Nutrition that we have been talking about for some time, so Diagnostics, I would say ahead as you characterized it properly and Nutrition we should be right back on track in relatively short order.
Tom Freyman: Right. The 19% rate that we have in the year-to-date third quarter and the 19% we predict for the fourth quarter, 19% for the full year is how we are going to finish '13, we believe and we will see how we trend into '14 as we finalize all our planning activities on '14.
Tom Freyman: Yes. I mean, we have continued to be a company that buys back shares most years, virtually every year. We have been pretty active this year continuing to buyback probably in the $1. 5 billion range.
Tom Freyman: Right. Obviously, the baseline would be the dilution impacts, so we have been pretty opportunistic to increase beyond that. Like the other questions, we will see how we do in 2014, but have a substantial authorization in place, I think over 2.6 billion remaining on that authorization, so we have plenty of room to continue to buy back shares as we see appropriate.
Tom Freyman: Well I would say, it captures some of the intent of Navigator but in a very different way. So I think it's meant to address the frequent tester, the insulin dependent tester and the person who clearly wants easy but a frequent continuous monitoring instantaneously and in a different way, somewhat different way than Navigator but it's clearly met to address those who were Navigator users and others and frankly on top of that.
Tom Freyman: Well, you know, I just never kind of forecast that. It's always possible because we look for businesses that have characteristics or criteria that are consistent with the characteristics in our portfolio, and it depends to some degree on whether those businesses have an advantage being part of Abbott or we can do better with it than what we see it doing standalone or as part of somebody else. So I would say first priority is always related strategic fit with our existing businesses but in some cases it might be a new category. Although today I could tell you, I am not focused on something that's not part of Abbott now.
Miles White: Yes. If I take you back to the fourth quarter last year when we split the companies and we split, we aligned cash flows and debt and so forth with dividend payout, everything kind of aligned in a proportional way with the cash flow generating capability of the two companies. You will recall at the time, AbbVie announced a disproportionately higher dividend, we had a disproportionately lower dividend and payout ratio than we had as a combined company historically. We thought that was appropriate for a pharma business like AbbVie's, and the question we had at that time, because we were actually not trying to be dividend neutral between the two companies. The combined dividend, as you will recall, went up a little bit, not a lot, but a little bit and we wanted to kind of stabilize and see what cash flow is going forward, because as we looked at the investment identity of remaining or new Abbott, it was unclear to us exactly where to kind of put the dividend not only from the strength of our performance, but just in general what the peer group and/or investors would expect. Over the course of the year, we got a fair amount of feedback and we had a chance to look at that and we concluded that it was so essential to the overall identity of the company that the combination of growth and income was important to our investment base and that income piece was actually probably a little more important than we had placed it at that time, which I acknowledged to investors over the course of the fourth quarter last year and the first two quarters this year. So, in terms of looking at the expectation of it, I acknowledged to investors during the year we’d look at look at it. We’d look at capital allocation. As Tom already indicated, it's not a strain on cash flows or a strain on capital allocation. We are a healthy cash generator, and frankly, I think we are going to continue to be a healthy cash generator going forward, because we are seeing great progress in the margin initiatives we have both on the gross margin line and on the G&A line and I think there is still lot of opportunity there for us to improve margins and improve cash flows as we grow. So, as we looked at that, we said making sure we live to that historic identity of a combination of growth and income was important, and we came to the conclusion that at the payout ratio we began the year, we were not quite where we needed to be or wanted to be on the income side, so we chose to take it to where we believe that was, at least relative to a peer group, and there were probably several different peer groups investors would compare us to, but relative to the peer groups we would be compared to, we put ourselves in a position where we think we are pretty competitive, if not attractive combination of growth and income, and then from a cash flow standpoint, it's completely achievable. With regard to share buybacks or M&A activity or other things longer term or frankly even debt pay down, we think that the cash flows just as they have been historically are strong enough to accommodate all of that. So we made the move, and I think rather than tickle our way into it a little bit at a time, we just sort of concluded let's just go where we think it needs to be or would like to be, and we will just set it there and not do this incremental creep up over time. Our investors ought to know what our identity is and what our payouts are going to look like. That's why we just chose to announce it now and get it over with.
Miles White: Larry, let me just insert one comment there, before Brian moves on. We are representing a whole portfolio of our stent products now across the board, including ABSORB, particularly in Europe. We are seeing sequential share pick up, both versus last year and versus last quarter. I think that as we forecasted in the past, what we have done to bring pricing into a tighter band across the products and allow physicians and hospitals, let's say, easier substitution of which product they wish to use and we have got ABSORB, I think, priced in a better place now. We are seeing a pretty good share pickup. Actually, we are seeing it in Western Europe, we are picking up share in Japan although that's with expedition same in the U.S., so we are seeing good share pickup now across the board in all these markets. Europe gets the extra benefit of having ABSORB and we are definitely seeing the impact of it there.
Miles White: Well, I would say a couple of things, and I go back to the bigger picture. The overall intent of the company as we have described now for the better part of the year as great combination of growth and income hasn't changed and we are in emerging markets for a reason, for the growth that they represent. We are broadly spread in those emerging markets, so we are not over indexed in one. We are focused on our margin initiatives et cetera, which is going to be an absolutely great improvement over time here to lever the bottom line with that growth. It's going to generate increasing cash flow, so we have the cash to do the things we want to do, so I think, all the working pieces are progressing as we would wish. One of the things we saw in the quarter that I think is important for investors to note is, that when the company hits adversity, like any company, you expect your management to navigate that adversity and protect your investment. Either protect that investment or improve upon it in some fashion. I think that what we saw here was even in the absence of the pharma business, we spun-off. The company and its management are capable of managing through adversity and protecting the investors' investment in the company and still delivering the expectations on the bottom line and it hasn't knocked us off of our trajectory or intent. Now to go more specifically to your question about cash allocation or capital allocation, on the M&A front, it remains an opportunistic world. I would tell you that there is a lot of things that we have looked at and turn down, or decided that they weren't economic to pursue. I would describe the deal market in terms of attractive opportunities right now is limited and where there are businesses that might be available, I think some of that price expectations or value expectations are frankly out of line with reason and we are not poor buyers as you might know and I think also one of the things that's affected that M&A market if you are a dollar-based company and you are looking overseas exchanges definitely affecting the valuations of companies. I think when exchange is volatile and/or moving as much as it did this year, it's prudent to wait. It's prudent to wait to see values align, so in some cases we have looked at lot of things. We are always vigilant, we are always paying attention. I can't say we are aggressively hunting, but we are mindful of opportunities as they might fit our businesses or intentions, should we want to add to the business, so I would say we are opportunistically ready if it happens. We are not constrained from a financing standpoint, nor would anything we might look affect our capital allocation as it might relate to dividends or share buybacks, so we try to maintain a pretty healthy balance for our shareholders over time, obviously, very steady dividend and share buyback to return cash to our investors on a meaningful basis and if we can enhance the growth prospects of the company with something in M&A that fits what we are doing and fits our businesses, or fits our overall governing strategy, then we take a good hard look at it but if the value is not there, we don't move. I would say that in the past year here, there is only a couple of times when we have found that the value and the strategic intent of the company have lined up in those occasions both with IDEV and OptiMedica, we have moved on it. But other than that, I would say, we are cautiously surveying and not overly jumpy.
Miles White: Yes. Well first of all let me address the team. We have brought a number of new people to the company from other places that have been a terrific addition in terms of their knowledge and experience. The branded generic markets around the world are all a little different country-by-country. That said, they have got a lot in common from a similarity standpoint. They are not like proprietary pharma. Among the things that we have found, at least in our own management and our own team as we separated the company, we have a lot of people in positions that are very experienced with the proprietary pharma businesses, but not so experienced with branded generic marketing which is marketing a brand, marketing broad product lines, marketing broad therapeutic categories, where a lot of your attention isn't to a given molecule. It's to a channel, to a pharmacy, to a hospital, to a consumer in a lot of cases and often so, but it's about the breadth of offering, the brands and so forth and less about a patentable advantage, so the marketing skills and the channel skills, commercial skills around that are different. We have made some changes in our marketing teams at the top, we have separated the developed markets from the emerging markets, because frankly their business structures and characteristics are quite different. The channels in the markets are quite different, the way the markets behave are different, our emerging markets don't reimburse, the developed markets do, so there is very different points of call and points that drive the business and I would say now we have got our management team much more aligned with the differences of the various markets and we have got our marketing teams better aligned with it. Frankly then, it's a question of tailoring the particular elements of our therapeutic category. There might be 10 or 12 different therapies in a category like gastrointestinal and we want to make sure we got the right mix for each given market. It could be different from country to country and that align alignment is taking us a little bit of time, but I would say we are in much stronger position now knowing exactly what the mix of products is we want by country by therapeutic category, by channel, et cetera and all of the working in concert is just taking time.
Miles White: Well, I would say this. I wish I had a crystal ball that would tell us that exactly because our experience in the past. We have had experiences in the past with whether it's been a recall or some other event that's impacted share, but what happens in the market is, mothers in China are acutely aware and acutely informed and same with Vietnam, same with frankly, I suppose, any market in the world. Mothers are acutely aware of what they feed their babies and they follow infant formula and so forth closely and with social media and other things. They are just an often informed consumer base. So when something happens that creates any kind of concern, whether it is rumor or otherwise around infant formula, it impact mother's confidence in the product or the brand. And in this particular case, the fear that was created was around botulism and as it turned out not to be valid and not to be true. It didn't turn out that there was a result that way till weeks later. We can take exception to why it took weeks and so forth and we have had those conversations but in the meantime, the mother switches to another brand. When she switches to another brand, she doesn't have a lot of incentive to switch back real fast. It is like a lot of things. The media around the negative, meaning that the fear of contamination of some sort is far greater and more intense than the media around, gee, it was a mistake. So consequently we and other companies that were affected by this find it more difficult to switch the mothers back than it is for them to have switched themselves in the first place. So we try to model what the behavior of the consumer is going to be and how we might affect that behavior to get her back, but it's frankly just more difficult. So we model it and the end result is the same, whether it was quality issue from our company or quality issue from another company or simply a rumor that wasn't the quality issue at all. At the end of the day, if the mother is in any way lacking in confidence about a brand or a product, she switches to something else and it take some time to get her back. So we have invested considerably in a number of things in marketing to rebuild consumer confidence in us, our product, our brand and to attempt to switch mothers back to us who were our consumers in the first place. You follow that model and what eventually happens is the baby moves off of infant formula to baby food and other things and you are starting with a new set of moms coming along who are at a stage where they are going to feed their infant formula and in effect you end up replacing the consumer who was affected by the adversity with new consumers and it's about rebuilding and the brand and the brand confidence. So it takes time. It's not an instantaneous recovery. And the damage tends to last a while as you cycle out the consumer who has switched away and new consumers cycle in. And that's what keeps the pace of recovery more measured than we otherwise might like it. The more immediate recovery depends on our ability to get that mother back. That depends very heavily on our customer relation management systems and so forth. So we know who that consumer is, so we can reach her through social media and other mechanisms. Unfortunately we have had this experience a few times. So we are getting better and better at it. I don't know that we are at a point where we can very reliably forecast what that recovery looks like. I would tell you that in the first week here after the event became known to the public, the initial drop off was significant and then there was a steady ramp of recovery. There was a major week long holiday in China and consumers loaded up prior to the holiday because stores would be closed. That created a blip. Then of course it drops off during the holiday. So you have got a bump in the recovery rates. So you look at the trends of the sales and it's choppy because of buying patterns affected by holidays and other things. I would say, the underlying trend in performance is encouraging but it's still going to be at a measured pace and I think we are going to need some weeks, if not a couple of months here of experience to see how our recovery is going because, frankly in some markets we can only measure data monthly. Otherwise it's anecdotal. In China, we can measure data weekly, but its only segments of the market, so we are getting partial data and a lot of anecdotal evidence about what the magnitude of loss was and what the recapture rate or recovery rate is. I would say, we have seen some encouraging things, but we need more data and time here to trend it out, so it is hard to forecast it out very far.
Miles White: Well, let me deal with the last first. I am not like in any confidence at all about the margins. I think that first of all it's a very good business and it's a very good business in China and other markets as well, so I am not concerned about that. The issue that occurred this summer for all manufacturers around pricing, I would say small bump in the road dealt with, but the bigger issue here was this recall. Now, has that changed our prospects or anything in the way we view China? China is a choppy market sometimes. I think it's big, it's very attractive. It's clear. The Chinese government has its own policies about Chinese companies and what it would like to see as. It's the evolution of its own economy and its own companies and I think you see that across a lot of businesses, a lot of different industries and so forth. Not just in for Nutrition or Medical Products and so forth. That said, China is an attractive market and it's attractive for us from a growth standpoint and from a share standpoint. It's a very, very competitive market. It's competitive among multi-nationals and it's competitive with Chinese-based companies or China-based companies with whom we compete, so I would say it's an intensely competitive market, share can move, share can change. It tends to change the most when there is some adverse event, otherwise you are in a battle everyday for share much as we would be in any consumer-like market around the world. Our prospects and our expectations of China haven't changed. Our investment profile hasn't changed. We have built a large plant in China, we intend to build more and we will build more. I suppose it's rather convenient, but we have been looking at our entire global sourcing and supply chain with regard to our Nutrition business and owing to what we believe are the growth prospects globally, China is part of that. This doesn't change it. In fact, if anything, it's pretty convenient timing that we are considering our total global sourcing strategy at this time and I would say, if anything that helps us focus on what the answers to that might be, so, while China will from time-to-time, as any emerging market maybe from time-to-time, be choppy, I would say collectively the emerging markets overall are pretty attractive opportunity. As we have said before, you have got to be in more than few of them, so that you can balance and mitigate the adversity in any one of them at any given point in time. I can't recall a year when we didn't have some developing market have a problem whether it was a devaluation or supply problem or something. Foreign exchange issue, whatever the case maybe, there has always been a problem somewhere and there has been over performance somewhere else. I think collectively, the emerging markets represent an awful lot of growth and an awful lot of development. To the extent that you can balance a portfolio of businesses and geographies across them, there is a tremendous growth opportunity there for companies to participate in. If you over index in any give place like at China, then your trip is going to be a little rockier. In our case China, is big opportunity, but all of our businesses have somewhere between 8 and 14 markets that they have targeted as primary growth opportunities to balance that potential choppiness from time-to-time. Unfortunately, the investor will read the media about given one of them and I think that looks volatile to investors and if you are only in that country it might be, but we are pretty well diversified across them. This is a really good example. This was a fairly significant hit but we have been able to absorb it. I wouldn't want to have to absorb this very often, but the point is, with the diversity we have in product line, geographies et cetera, we were able to absorb this, navigate it and keep right ongoing. So I would say, that's a plus. If you are going to participate in these kinds of growth markets and access the growth that's there, then you have got to have enough breadth to manage that volatility from time-to-time and we do.
Miles White: Okay. First, let me take the Cardiovascular Device business. We have a desire to be broader, I suppose like everybody else does. I think the timing in the categories you are broader in depends on your strategy and it depends on how you want to get there, so I would say our acquisition of IDEV was in a category, where we wanted to be broader. No question about it. That was an attractive opportunity for us. We always have a pipeline of opportunities that we are tracking, some of which we have equity investments in and participate either passively or indirectly in and others more directly, so I think it's kind of question of when those opportunities ripen and when the right time is to bring them into the portfolio if we do that. I would say, we are always looking to broaden the device businesses and we are always looking for innovation beyond our own. That said, I think it depends on the timing. There's a lot times in the Device business that companies will go out and invest in a lot of things early and it will take four, five, six years for something to develop. We have made equity investments early, but we tend to wait until we can see the whites of its eyes before we are ready to move more substantially on an investment. We can tell it's coming to commercial fruition, so I would say we definitely continue to have aspirations for breadth that way. That would be true of our Medical Optics business as well. Turning to Diabetes Care, lot of change going on in that market right now and I would say that in particular in the U.S. with the competitive bidding and so forth. If you track the few competitors in this space and their responses to that and compare our various performances, you will see that there has definitely been an impact on the Diabetes Care business dramatically for some relative to others, less impactful on us. Our strategy has been different there than some of our competitors. And I think we have held share and revenues very well. Longer term. The strategy, at least for us, is a focus on very innovative family of products coming in our R&D pipeline that we have alluded to in the past and are beginning to emerge now, I think are beginning to get some visibility now in terms of continuous testing and so forth that I think will be game changing and very well received by the market. That's very different than the base core business today. But we have actually great expectations and aspirations about that. And we think we are in a position here that others are not in, at least in this particular category. So we have got great hopes for what our R&D people are coming with. As I said, it's beginning to show and as the next 12 months or so progress, you will start to see more of that.
Glenn Novarro: Thanks, good morning guys. I had a quick question. A follow up on the gross margin. You had 55.9% in the third quarter. So great gross margin and you are calling for about 55% in the fourth quarter. And I know nutritionals are going to -
Glenn Novarro: 55.5%, sorry. And I know nutritionals are going to weigh a little bit more. But are there fewer offsets in the fourth quarter? So Tom I am wondering if you can just give us the put and takes? And then as a follow up, is 55.5% a good number for the first half of next year given the nutritional issues and then strength thereafter? Thanks.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Can I just sneak in a quick one then. Absorb. I am assuming Absorb is being priced at a premium in Europe. You talked about certain ranges. Can you give us a sense of what the premium ranges are in Europe? Thanks.
