Miles White: Okay, David. Well, I'll start with what you said. We have had 8 straight quarters averaging 7.5%. Going into the fourth quarter, we actually are going to be close to 8%. And then going into next year, I think where we are in the range we've given, I think we gave a range at the beginning of this last quarter of 7% to 8%, somewhere in that range. And frankly, I've seen no change to that. I don't see any change to momentum at all here. If anything, we've got pretty strong momentum across the board. We've got sequential growth in a number of areas that we've expected improvement in, and we're seeing that. EPD comes to mind.  Obviously, our growth drivers, Libre and MitraClip and the Alinity systems, et cetera, are all very strong, Structural Heart is very strong. So as I've said in the past many times, this is sustainable and strong going forward. I see no change to momentum, no change to progress, no change to growth rates. If anything, it gets better. So -- and it clearly will in the fourth quarter.  So it's pretty strong, and the earnings flows with it. And we're not going to make any guidance forecast or anything, but I think directionally here, all fundamentals are strong for us. 
Miles White: I'd say I'm going to comment myself and then I'm going to hand it to Robert Ford here to comment as well. But first, are we confident? Absolutely. The product is performing wonderfully. The growth is strong. The expansion is strong. There's a lot to be pretty encouraged about. And while I recognize a lot of people, including us, are feeling impatience, impatience doesn't translate to concern. We're all inpatient and we'd all like everything yesterday. But it's not quite working out as yesterday. And Robert can comment on that here, but there is nothing but good here looking forward with Libre. And we anticipate a lot of expansion with this product, including with some of these partnerships that we've announced and working with the interoperability with various partners for what I think will be the future of glucose monitoring and diabetes management. I think all of this is not just on plan, but spectacular, particularly for diabetes patients. And I have nothing but confidence in it. So let me turn over to Robert to expand on that a little bit. 
Miles White: Well, I'd say -- look, we've come through a period where we've paid down a lot of debt, and I think we find ourselves in a good capital balance. I think we're -- we've gotten to the place where our net debt to EBITDA ratio is well ahead of what we targeted probably a year earlier than we expected and that's with an aggressive pay down strategy, et cetera. Our business is performing strong. Our cash flows are strong. Can we still continue to pay down debt? We can. Can we refinance debt? We can. Can we do things that are prudent, good balance sheet management? Yes. And we're also generating cash. We are generating sufficient cash, more than sufficient cash, to invest in a lot of manufacturing expansion for all the new products we've talked about. Robert just mentioned one of the biggest, and that's fully funded and obviously coming online and good.  So you say, all right, well, then how about the dividend? Well, we raised the dividend 14% last December. And we have a targeted range where we like to keep that dividend as a percent of our EPS, et cetera. So as we go across all the things you can do with your cash, returning cash to shareholders is also a positive thing to do if the conditions are right and if the return is good, et cetera. And we want to be prepared to have that flexibility on the table as well. We have not done significant share repurchase, as you know, for several years while we focused on the pay down of debt. But now we wanted to add back the flexibility to do that as well.  So I'd say, in general, we find ourselves in a strong cash position, strong performance position, good strong balance sheet position. We can continue to pay down some debt, but we've got the flexibility to do just about whatever makes sense for us on a return basis or return to shareholder basis. We don't have any active M&A on the radar screen to the extent that we track or follow anything. I'd say it's your typical bolt-ons and tuck-ins and so forth that are additions to already strong businesses. We're pretty happy with our pipeline. We're pretty happy with our R&D pipeline. So our standards are pretty high right now about what's attractive and what may not be. But I'm not forecasting anything significant at all in the M&A area. So obviously, we want to keep our options open here with how we manage cash for our shareholder. 
Miles White: Listen, we've -- what I'll say is that, probably, we've obviously misjudged that. So I'm not going to sit here and try and pinpoint the exact time line of the approval. As I said also, we've actively been working through a handful of open items with the agency. And that's where we're at. 
Miles White: And I'll follow up on the rest of the other businesses in China. I'll give you a little bit of context. I think I'll speak as a CEO. We, the multinational CEOs of the world, or we -- if we do business in China, are we nervous about trade? Are we nervous about China? Are we nervous about all this? I think you can't help but be nervous about it. But I'll tell you what's interesting. While it's affecting some segments of the U.S. economy and U.S. businesses pretty directly, it doesn't seem to be affecting us or our business. The nutrition challenge we have is completely separate from any kind of trade or economic or economy issues other than birth rates. And the performance in our Device businesses, our Diagnostics businesses and so forth are double digits and strong. There's all kinds of ways that people can hypothesize that maybe the Chinese government would intervene and make things more difficult and so forth for U.S. multinationals. But in our business, we actually don't see that. And the product approvals are coming in a timely manner. The China FDA is doing everything that they're supposed to do and -- for our products. We haven't seen any of that kind of friction at all. And the demand for our products and the performance of our businesses in China has been strong. Other than the challenge we've got with Pediatric Nutrition, all other businesses are doing well, show no signs of any kinds of issues. So while I know that there are industries and segments that are tied to whether it's automobiles, oil, big industries, et cetera, that may have challenges, particularly agriculture, we're not seeing that. And our China business is good. 
Miles White: Yes, sure. So obviously, still work in progress here. It's a little bit longer than we had initially hoped. When we've talked about it over the last couple of quarters, we've talked about the sales force hiring, the sales force productivity. And it's a very specific selling process here in devices. And if you're a new rep, it takes some time to kind of understand it. So that's been going -- that's been progressing well. We've had some stabilization in the sales force. And some of the monthly KPIs that we track them on, they're improving. But we've also seen, as you pointed out, a little bit of a market decline, especially in the first half of this year. And it follows a couple of years of double-digit growth, right? So a lot of our focus here has got to be on sales force execution and productivity.  The approval of Proclaim XR this quarter, I think, really provides a nice addition to the portfolio. It provides the sales force with a new technology to promote. And early signs of the launch, it's only been a couple of weeks, but early signs are positive. We tend to look at our trials -- on our trials across the U.S. in spinal as our leading indicator. And I'd say, early signs are positive, but there's more monitoring there for us to be aware of.  On the market side, there's real no third-party data source here like we have in stents or pacemakers, et cetera. So it's a little bit difficult to peg the growth rate here. We usually have to wait until everybody reports and can kind of look at and add it up and kind of see where it's at. So I would anticipate here Q3 to be similar in terms of market growth rate as to the first half of this year, which is in that low to mid-single-digit decline here. 
Miles White: Yes. Rick, I'd say I'm never quite as satisfied as I'd like to be. That's for sure. What -- we've learned a couple of things. I think of the 7 or 8 years we've now been fundamentally focused on emerging markets and their growing economies and so forth, I'd say, if anything was underestimated, it was the degree of volatility of currency, which is also heavily driven by the strength of the U.S. dollar. And while we can't predict those things, since this business is 100% in emerging markets, that's always a bit of a challenge. Now that said, the underlying growth in those markets has been steadily strong. And it's interesting. One indicator of the attractiveness for those markets is, let's just say, the multiples and prices and so forth that anybody who owns a pharmaceutical business in those markets thinks that the company is worth. And as we track those for a long time, they're probably some of the highest multiples in the world than any business -- the businesses that make money. They're attractive. The markets are attractive. The attractive parts of branded, generic pharmaceutical worldwide, they're the most profitable. They're very profitable markets for good branded products as compared to Europe or the U.S. or something like that if you're in that business. So we targeted this business for a reason. There's underlying real growth. Brands matter. Quality matters. Breadth matters. And it's kind of all the fundamentals that we think are stable, durable, attractive, et cetera. And frankly, all those economies have progressed as we would like, maybe not as stably and maybe not as strongly, in some cases, but the growth there is still strong.  Our own challenge is the R&D investments, to continue to expand product lines and product depth into the markets. We keep our R&D somewhat decentralized by region. India has its own, Latin America has its own, et cetera. We're always looking for greater and greater productivity and greater and greater launch activity out of our teams. Every now and then, we're going to run into an Argentina, a Venezuela or a tax issue in a country, like we did in India a couple of years ago, et cetera that are going to put a dent in the growth rate for a given year, and we've seen that. But the underlying fundamentals are quite strong, quite good. And we keep plugging away at all the fundamentals that we know how to manage. And as you can tell, this last year, we've had steady sequential improvement in our performance, excluding exchange. And they're up at 8%. I think that's pretty good. That means that we know how to take the corrective actions to get stronger, to get better, to drive the business better. And I think the fact that the managers of pharmaceutical business are up to an 8% growth rate and looking forward to even improvement in that -- I think that's pretty strong. So yes, we like the business. 
Miles White: Okay. I'm going to wrap up where we started. We had a strong quarter, exceptionally strong quarter. Our momentum continues. We've got some great growth drivers in Libre, MitraClip, the Alinity platforms, other businesses. They're all growing, many of them double digits and across the board. So the balance of that performance across all businesses and across all geographies is heartening. It is sustainable. We -- our top line growth rate was 7.6% this quarter. We think it will be close to 8% in the fourth quarter. And as we look into 2020, I see no reason to change any expectations about the strength of our top line sales growth rate, which is, I think, all of you know, for a fairly large company, unusual to find. The other people that are able to do this are tech companies. And so we've got some great strengths here owing to the strength of our pipeline, our new product launches, the improvements to access and/or reimbursements and further capabilities of those products. So we've got a good sustainable road ahead of us. Obviously, there are surprises or things that don't meet our expectations from time to time or the speed with which we want to accomplish things. But overall, I think this is good evidence to you all, a good performance, super performance, really, and sustainably so. We look at 2020 with great optimism and great expectations, in spite of a lot of the uncertainties in the world and in the economies around the world. We're feeling pretty strong and pretty bullish about where we sit. So with that, we'll see you in 90 days. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Yes, David. Listen, admittedly, it's taking longer than we had expected. We obviously misjudged that. We're currently working through a handful of open items with the agency. And what I can tell you, I'm -- I've got the same confidence level that Miles does. I'm confident in the data. I'm confident in the product, right? In the meantime, if you look at Libre in Q3, we had an exceptional Q3. Sales of just under $0.5 billion, that puts us on a $2 billion run rate here with growth rate over 70%. Our international business grew 50%, and that's on a large base. And then the U.S. sales nearly tripled. So -- and it's tripled because we're adding new patients at a strong and steady rate. And it's a high rate. And you could see that progression in our total Rxs. So -- and one of the challenges we've had over, like, the 9 months here has really been about how to pulse our demand generation activities with aligning to our supply, and we talked a little bit about kind of some of those supply constraints.  So we've now released in the third quarter, towards the end of the third quarter, our next tranche of manufacturing capacity on plan, on schedule. And I can tell you, the commercial team right now is really feeling excited about not being able to have that constraint over and really start to intensify the commercial promotional efforts, whether that's advertising, whether that's sampling, et cetera, both in the U.S. and international. I think that gives us a lot of excitement as we exit the year going into next year.  The value proposition still continues to be very strong to patients and physicians and to payers. And as Miles mentioned in his opening comments, we achieved reimbursement in Canada, public reimbursement, the only sensor system reimbursed in Canada. And it's important because it's one of the top 5 largest glucose monitoring markets in the world. And similar to what we saw in some of these large markets when we obtained national reimbursement, we see a pretty accelerated kind of explosive growth. We saw that in Germany, we saw that in France and U.K. So we expect to see that same trajectory in Canada. And early indications suggest that kind of same curve. So that'll be also exciting for the team as we move into Q4.  And as Miles also said, we're pleased with the partnership strategy that we've adopted. We've gone through it at a very intentional phased approach first with Bigfoot, as you know. We then moved into announcing our agreements with insulin manufacturers, like Novo and Sanofi, that connect Libre to their pen systems. And the next phase here, we'll start to move into insulin pumps, and that was the agreement that we announced yesterday with Tandem to codevelop an integrated system because we know this is an important segment also connecting to pumps. And we're now at a phase where we feel we can start to kind of roll that out as we've thought about our partnership strategy. So I think momentum here on Libre is exceptional. It is very strong. As we go into Q4, I think we've got a lot of stuff going right, firing all cylinders, whether it's commercial, whether it's operation, whether it's our R&D program. So I'm very confident on the sustainability of Libre and Libre going forward. 
Robert Ford: Larry, thanks for the question. So we filed our MitraClip NCD. It was kind of opened in August. That time line there is -- usually takes about 9 months. I mean that's the statutory maximum, as we'll say. When we did FMR in MitraClip, that took about 7 months. So I think we'll be in the December-January time frame kind of get exactly what quarter that's going to land in. But in the meantime, you see kind of our growth rate. The reimbursement is going to be important, but Structural Heart was up mid-teens and the big driver of that was MitraClip, up 30%, up 50% in the U.S. So reimbursement is going to be important. There will definitely be an inflection point when we get it. But as I said in the previous call, that is a component. It's a building block here that we're focusing on.  So opening new centers is another kind of key building block. We have about 400 today, and I do want to get to about 550 over time. And we've been supporting that with investments, investments in our sales force, our clinical specialists, our therapy development specialists, so that we can not only train the centers, train the implanters to keep up with that demand that we see, but also to support the demand generation through the development of this patient referral network. So that investment is ongoing, on target, on plan in terms of how we're ramping up the field team. And as Miles said in his opening comments, we continue to invest also in the innovation side, on the product development side. So in July, we obtained approval for our fourth-generation MitraClip, which has independent graspers, more sizes, et cetera, that basically give more options to the position. And so I think that MitraClip here is in its really early innings, although I think this is a multiyear, multibillion-dollar growth opportunity that we've got. And it is going to continue to ramp over time, and we're making the investments to make sure we're going to lead in that. So as I look into 2020, I think we've got the right momentum. And once we have NCD coverage, yes, I think there'll be an inflection to growth. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Let me start off then with the nutritional question here then. So you saw our Nutrition business was just under 4%. We had really good growth in the U.S. in pediatrics up 4%, double-digit growth in international adult for the second quarter in a row. So our challenge here really was the international pediatric performance. This was really driven by Greater China. And I would say there were some challenging market dynamics here. As Miles mentioned, we're seeing the consumer trade up into the premium brand segment, but the volume has been declining partly because of this low birth rate. So this has led to, what I would say, a much more competitive environment, competitive in terms of pricing, competitive in terms of promotional activities. And this has now got our full attention, full attention from the management team here. And our key thing is really focusing. And the market dynamics are the market dynamics, but we've got to really focus on improving our competitive fitness, our competitive position here in the pediatric segment. We're launching a series of new strategies here in the coming weeks regarding our media campaigns, strengthening our consumer relationship platforms. We've got some plans to launch some new products over the next several quarters. So I'd say that the key focus of us right now in nutrition really has been, at this point here, to focus on improving our competitive fitness in China. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I'll just -- Vijay, on the generic pharma in China, I think you're referring to the 4+7 tendering process there. We haven't seen an impact, and we don't anticipate a significant impact going forward. We have a fairly kind of concentrated portfolio here of products, just about 15 products here. Most of these products are more specialized kind of segments and areas where there's it's kind of difficult to manufacture. So on the generic side of the pharma business, we're less susceptible to this. Obviously, we're going to monitor. We're part of this process. We understand how the tendering process is going to work. But if I think about kind of bigger impact, we have less of an impact here given the portfolio of products we have in China. 
Robert Ford: So Robbie, we've talked about how this is a multiyear opportunity, and we've been executing on this. Very, very focused here. If you think about the Core Lab and the rollout of Alinity program, it's doing very well. And you can see that in our top line. The rollout has been particularly strong in Europe. We're winning over 50% of the businesses where we targeted an entrenched competitor. And if you think about kind of the renewal process, we're retaining nearly all of our current business that comes up for contract. So we placed over 3,000 -- over 3,700 instruments. And when we gave out that number, we're talking about instruments that are actually placed in the market, placed in the account, running tests and generating revenue. So that's gone very well.  In the quarter, you saw that we also got an approval in the U.S. for the Alinity blood and plasma screening. So this fourth quarter here, the team is already kind of rolling out that commercial launch. We had a lot of success in rolling out the blood plasma systems in Europe and in Asia last year. So it's great to see that a little bit ahead of schedule here in the U.S. And the team has jumped on, on the opportunity.  As relates to the immunoassay side, a lot of our focus here is really kind of ramping up on the R&D side, ramping up the menu and the assay menu. I'd say that assay completion rate of what we need to be kind of fully competitive in Europe is getting close to that 100% mark that we need. And in the U.S., it's a little bit behind, but a lot of our focus here is to get those systems, those assays approved and in place. And we'll start to see that kind of play affecting our growth rate in the U.S. as we move into next year. So I think, internationally, we're doing really well. U.S., we've got the opportunity here as the assays come onboard to be able to accelerate our growth rates. So I'm really pleased with the momentum that the team has done here. Of course, we could -- we feel that we can always do better, and that's what we're going to keep on pushing to. 
Robert Ford: Rick, this is Robert here. So on your Portico question, yes, we submitted end of Q3, so we expect a kind of midyear approval here and launch. And we're getting ready for that.  On your question on Vascular, as we've previously mentioned, there are a couple, what I would call, noncommercial items that impacted growth rate here. These are third-party royalties, third-party manufacturing agreements that we put in place as part of the St. Jude divestiture, some of the assets. So those -- as those ramp down, as those manufacturing agreements ramp down, those royalties ramp down, they obviously impact the growth rate. And we've allocated those agreements into the U.S. line, even though they're global agreements. So if you remove those items that are naturally going down as we transition the manufacturing over to the new owners of those businesses and as the royalties ramp down, you remove that out, our Vascular business was flat. And the dynamic there was really a little bit of pricing that we've seen on the stent side. We've continued to grow share in the U.S. actually and maintain our leadership position in the international markets. And that price pressure was then offset by double-digit growth in our Endo and peripheral business and in our imaging and diagnostic business. And that's part of our strategy, which is we know that there will be some pricing pressure on the DES side, and we know we need to make our investments to maintain our competitive position there. But we also know that we're over investing in our Endo and our imaging strategy, so that those businesses can get large enough and that those double digits then can really return Vascular to a healthy growth rate. 
Robert Ford: Yes. So let's talk about that base. I mean, the one way to describe it here that it's pretty large and it's growing. We focus a lot on the sales side. But if you look at the user base where you're at the 1.5 million, close to 1.6 million users at the end of this quarter, as we talked a little bit, there's a little bit of constraint on that user base given our manufacturing capacity. So as we've now unleashed it, I think we've got the potential here to kind of grow that user base even faster.  One of the things that is important here that we've seen as payers and contract start to look at this is that they're very convinced on the outcomes of using sensor-based technology. There's a lot of clinical data that proves that. We actually have RCT trials that show that Libre reduces hypo, reduces time out of range, reduces the time that patients are in hypoglycemia. And we backed it up with some fairly large real world evidence trials showing that. And competitors also have that, too.  So the value proposition here is how do you get that outcome at a cost that makes sense for the payer where they can actually expand the use of the product and the technology into a much larger user base versus kind of niching it to kind of very small segments. And that's been the value proposition that we've adopted. And as I said in the beginning of the call, that value proposition is not only very intact, but it is growing. And we see that in the negotiations we've had with Canadian reimbursement authorities. We see that expansion of the technology beyond just type 1 or insulin users in other markets. We start seeing it expand into type 2. So we think the value proposition here is very strong, and it's a real opportunity to provide the benefits of the outcomes that are proven at a cost profile that makes sense for the payers. So -- and it's ultimately about having the impact on outcomes for patients. And we're seeing that through our trials and through our real world evidence.  If you think about the composition of the patients, we're looking at 50-50. We're getting a lot of type 1s and insulin users, but we're also getting a lot of type 2s, type 2s that are on single injections or type 2s that are on oral medication. There are different utilization rates, but we're getting all those patients. 
