Miles White: I'm going to give you a couple of answers here. One, no, we shouldn't have concern. We're confident that we're going to have the approval we expect and what we applied for. So I know that there's always uncertainty until the day comes and questions from investors that know we're confident. And actually, let me ask our COO to give you a little bit of more background and detail on that. 
Miles White: Well, I'd say a couple of things, first of all, about the guidance. We are seeing strength in our growth drivers. We've got a lot of launches going on in all segments across the board. We're going to be opening up the capacity, new manufacturing and so forth to supplement Libre. The Alinity systems are obviously successfully rolling out. MitraClip is picking up momentum. A lot of the businesses that I've been sort of chronically dissatisfied with from time to time have also in sequential improvement, which I'm happy to see. I'm never quite satisfied with that. But the pharmaceutical business, the cardiac rhythm management business, the stent business, neuromodulation, the point-of-care Diagnostics business, the Rapid Diagnostics business, which is primarily the Alere acquisition, they're all showing sequential sales growth improvement, which is what we've planned, what we've worked for, et cetera. So based on the strength across the board of all of that, we felt comfortable that, frankly, our growth rate on the top line going forward, we sort of see in that 7% to 8% range. And I challenged the team. I said, is this temporary for the quarter or for the half year thing? Or do we feel fairly sustainable about this? And we feel sustainable about it.  So I think that's all good. And then with record earnings, there's a step-up in earnings here in the second half, earnings growth rate. And it's just an unusual quarter. I mean, we always target, as you know, at the beginning of the year, double-digit growth. We always had kind of an aggressive or at least ambitious target for ourselves going into the next year. That's no different now. So in the second half, our earnings remain strong. I don't know, I'm kind of -- I feel pretty good if we do the numbers we say and we never fall short. So it's 18% on the bottom line right now. So you're asking me about what we do to get to the high end of the range? I'm thinking, geez, isn't that good enough? It's a pretty healthy growth rate. So 7% to 8% on the top and high double digit teens on the bottom, I think, is probably best-in-class in the peer group that we're compared to and several different peer groups that we're compared to. And quite frankly, with the breadth of products launching and rollouts, obviously, there's always challenges somewhere in the world in some way, but we seem to be doing pretty well across the board here in all areas, and I think that's a pretty good investment. 
Miles White: Sure. Well, so first, you made a comment that it touches every part of diagnostics. That's true. And these are 6 different systems, the immunoassay system, the clinical chemistry system, obviously a smaller point of care system for that market. There's a dedicated blood and plasma screening system, and then, of course, hematology and molecular. And they're all at various stages of rollout. The one that is the furthest along would be the rollout of our immunoassay and clinical chemistry systems in the core laboratories of Europe. We're also in the process of expanding menu approvals in the United States and China and Southeast Asia, where customers want to have a certain critical mass of menu as they make the conversion from whatever they're using to these new Alinity systems.  So I'd say we're running as fast as we can, I think, at this point, in Europe, and that's going pretty well. There's over 3,000 systems placed now running test, generating revenue, et cetera. We do measure not just the deal, the close of a deal, et cetera. We measure what is called test of record when the account is up and running, generating results, generating tests, et cetera.  And so I'd say that process is going well. That's going to begin to pick up more momentum in the United States as we're getting more and more menu breadth. Same with China. We're tracking all of that pretty closely as we build those menus. We're talking hundreds of tests. We did recently get approval for the Alinity as the blood and plasma screening system. Today, we screen about 80% of the world's blood supply as it is. This is -- it's an important transition product that labs, I think, will find more efficient, more economic, et cetera, but that's a plus.  We closed and started up the Japanese Red Cross, which is the largest Japanese blood screening organization, and we took that from a long-standing Japanese competitor. So that was a big win for us. So there's just a lot of success that way.  Hematology's in the very early stages of rolling out, the molecular system in the earliest stage of rolling out. And which is why this will be, I guess, a slower moving launch that's got sort of years of growth and momentum in it as we look over the next, call it, 5 to 7 years to completely replace an existing installed base and add a lot of new share and new volume. And to that end, I think we've quoted you before, that remains true. In accounts where we already have the business, we're winning about 95% of the time. And in accounts where we do not have the business, and there's an entrenched competitor of ours, we're winning about 60% of the time. Those win rates and penetration rates and share gains and so forth in our experience so far, over now what I said is over 3,000 instruments, tell us that we've got a very competitive system. We do run into, on the occasional accounts, a heavy-duty price-cutting.  We've got a very disciplined system of our pricing and contracting in accounts. We have not had to do that. I think that speaks to the superiority of the instrument and assay offering. So we're feeling like our offering is uniquely competitive. It's borne out by the win rates no matter what type of account. It's unprecedented to launch these many systems across-the-board in all areas. So I think this only picks up momentum and gets better as the assay menu expands and as there's some experience in the field with the analyzers. 
Miles White: Okay. Well, I can tell you he's not playing golf. We -- I'd say a couple of things. First of all, we anticipated that for the time being, we wanted him to stay directly on top of the medical device business because he's been responsible for the bringing onboard St. Jude. As we acquired that, he was integral to that entire integration. We went through, with St. Jude, a reorganization of the business to align with the way we like to run a business at Abbott. And I guess I would describe that as we like to have a fully integrated business, meaning the general manager of that business, president of that business has responsibility for commercial -- the commercial people, commercial sales, of the customers, et cetera, but also manufacturing, R&D, technical support, service, et cetera. We like all those functions reporting into one GM.  And so we realigned St. Jude. We did the same with Alere, quite frankly, when we took them over. And so each of the business has full integrated general management responsibility. And that was a transition, and Robert led that. It's all in place. That meant that we added a number of experienced general managers. We replaced some who had left us as part of the St. Jude or Alere acquisitions and so forth. So we went through a management transition. And at the same time, there's been a little bit of a generational change happening here. Quite certainly, there's been an awful lot of people that has been part of my management team for a long time. And a lot of our managers are long-term Abbott groomed and grown management team, but we've also been thinking about making sure that with all the growth we've got, the new products, the new organization, the new structure of that organization that we're always looking at the talent and the experience of our management team as we look forward now toward, let's just call it, a decade of what I think is going to be pretty robust growth.  So in that, we needed to replace the EVP role that Robert has held previous to his Chief Operating Officer role. We did that. We went outside for that and, of course, sourced Lisa, who we think has terrific background and experience for that. We're very pleased to have brought fresh perspective and great experience and great energy level into the company. So we're very pleased with that.  We went through a little further, I'd say, organization change to kind of break up what had gotten big and perhaps unwieldy, in some cases, into slightly smaller units because we are managing some pretty aggressive growth capital improvement, plant building, et cetera, in a number of these businesses, including diagnostics. And to give us more focus around it, we've done some of that adjusting.  I feel like that's gone very smoothly and very well. Obviously, we read into Robert, who's in his mid-40s, moving up into the COO role, that we expect him to be in a key leadership role at the company for a long time. Read between the lines.  And so there's a preparation process going on. And I think one of the most important things I can do, after leading the company for so long, is to make sure that when a transition comes, nobody notices. And the best legacy to leave is that the momentum of this company. Its growth and its prospects are every bit as good going forward as we think they are now and, from my perspective, a smooth leadership transition, which is not just me, it's literally right down through the upper ranks of all management is key and important. And I feel like of all of the sort of track record of legacies that I can give this company, I think a transition that way is probably the most important of all.  So you can read into it that we're preparing for continuity of leadership, what I would call it, with no speed bumps. And I think that actually is going exceptionally well. Will I give you a time frame? No. Do I think we should be nervous about it? No. I think that this company is so poised to perform well across the board for years to come that I've got great confidence in that continuity and the management team because we've got a nice mix here of very experienced and trained Abbott people and people we've brought from other companies on the outside like Lisa. And I think the mix we've got in that team is exceptional. Robert's been with the company over 20 years. I've known him every bit of those 20-plus years, and I think he brings to his job right now tremendous experience, perspective, everything you would look for in a leader, as a COO of the company. So from my perspective, I think this is nothing but good and just keeps getting better. 
Miles White: Okay. Well, I'd give you a couple of perspectives. First of all, the great thing is we've got a lot of things to invest in. From a capital standpoint, obviously, it was important for us to pay down debt. We did. We've paid down a significant amount going on $10 billion at this point. And as we've said before, we're in a comfortable position of strategic flexibility, but that doesn't mean we're dying to go use it.  So the next need was, obviously, we've got some capital to put into plant and expansion, and we've put a fair amount into both Diagnostics and Libre at this point. We're investing in expansion of plant and manufacturing for MitraClip and other products. So given that we've got an awful lot of growth happening and the potential for more, obviously, we've got to support that growth from a plant and capital standpoint in a timely fashion and appropriate quality and so forth, and we're doing that. And so there's capital use, et cetera, there. Will we continue to pay down debt? We will. We'll be prudent and careful about making sure it makes sense it's the right debt, right time and all that good stuff.  We'll maintain a healthy, strong dividend. We increased it substantially at the end of last year. We'll continue to grow our dividend. Given where the PE is now, I've been told by a number of shareholders that trying to get that yield rate upward dividend funds are happy as is difficult, but that's a nice problem to have. We will continue to grow our dividend. It's been a hallmark of the company for decades, and it will continue to be. And then it's not always that prudent to buy back shares. The timing matters, the return matters, et cetera. Is it an option? Yes, it is. I probably won't get too carried away because, frankly, we're able to grow and return cash to shareholders a number of different ways and return good return to our shareholders. So it's always an option as it presents itself. We've just got a lot we can do. If you're asking about M&A and other things, we don't feel like right now that we need something, nor do we think we see something that we can add sufficient value to, to make it worth it to invest in. And we've got so many organic growth opportunities that, while we continue to monitor and we're always tracking opportunities in all of our businesses, I can't tell you that, that's real front burner right now. We don't ignore it. We don't -- we try to maintain our currency on the things that we might be interested in. We just did a small acquisition in Germany. That's a nice adjunctive thing to our Diagnostics business in terms of automation and so forth. There are things like that, that I think are valuable for us. But we have so much growth potential and opportunity in devices, diagnostics, even nutrition and pharma that we're just not out cut and real hard on the M&A front right now, nor do I foresee that being true for quite a while. So that's the capital side.  On the expense side, we're always trying to balance the voracious appetite of investors for growing earnings with investing in the growth of the business. And I doubt that there's a general manager or business at Abbott that wouldn't claim that if we gave them more money, they could spend it effectively and efficiently to grow our products faster. So we're always trying to find the right balance of how much gas that's thrown in the fire or the growth of the products with returning a healthy return to the expectations of our investors. I think that's always a balance because there's always some investor who thinks there must be an extra $0.01 in the quarter. And I was speaking to somebody this morning who asked about that very issue of another $0.01. And I said, "The issue here is much bigger than $0.01." We've got tremendous growth. Our top line were accelerating. It's strong. It's sustainable. This isn't about $0.01 in a given quarter, this is about a pretty, healthy sales growth rate and a commensurate healthy growth rate on the bottom line that's unusual in our sector and particularly unusual for companies of our size to be able to sustain such a healthy growth rate with so much new product richness for the coming years. And it's not a coming quarter, it's coming years.  So you raised the right question, is how do we keep investing in the spending in R&D and the sales and marketing expenses to drive that growth? And we're trying to find that right balance as well by putting enough fuel to the fire here to drive the growth rates even higher 
Miles White: Yes. You've got a mix of business this year. You've got some that are a little mature than others, some that have brand new products that are perfect innovations. In general, in Medical Devices, innovation is what drives the growth. And over time, that's the case. And different businesses are at different stages of either maturity or new innovation. We believe there's still a lot of opportunity there.  I remember in my discussions with Dan Starks when we were renegotiating over the acquisition of St. Jude, Dan felt pretty strongly that the pipeline of St. Jude was underappreciated and, that in their own internal models, that the growth rate was out there in the high single digits. The Street didn't agree with that at the time because it didn't see it yet, et cetera. But Dan was right, and I think that we've seen that in the performance of the medical device business we acquired from St. Jude because it's been performing at sort of a 9% to 10% level as new products have gone to the market, either replacing older products or just simply brand new products altogether.  So I'd say the first thing about Medical Devices is you've got to keep innovating in new spaces. MitraClip's new space, Heart Failure and HeartMate and so forth, these are new spaces, new technologies, et cetera. Libre is that. Libre is unique. It approaches a mass market, not a niche market. Most medical devices address niches of therapy. But diabetes is something that affects more than 80 million people around the world who would benefit from Libre in about a 50-50 split of type 1s and type 2s. And that is massive. It's unlike anything seen before in device for diagnostic businesses. And so there's just an enormous, enormous opportunity there. To be honest, traditional medical device companies aren't used to having to deal with at that kind of scale.  And so we're addressing that by investing very heavily in manufacturing expansion, so that we can go after the mass market, not a niche. And so I think the sustainability of the growth is driven not only by the innovation, but the ability to go after much bigger markets at a much more affordable level. More people will have access. There will be more growth as we make technologies and products more and more affordable.  And then finally, you asked about some of the businesses that aren't growing that fast. And I'd say, well, I'm always disappointed that they're not growing as fast as we'd like them to, but I am pleased that we've seen sequential improvement quarter-to-quarter in almost all of them. We've seen that in CRM. We've seen it neuromod. We've seen it even EPD and stents and so forth. We're seeing incremental improvement. Some of these businesses as more mature businesses may not see strong or high single digit or double digit growth, but I think they're still capable of pretty strong growth in the low to mid-single-digit area, and there's still a lot of upside.  If we take a CRM business from what is flat slightly negative to 3% or 4%, that's a pretty big bump in growth. We'd be -- if it was going from 10% to 14%, we'd be all excited about it. So the same incremental growth improvement, I think, is possible. It's just at a lower level. So I think that there's a lot here to sustain the kind of growth we're seeing. There's always going to be new products like Libre or a MitraClip or a HeartMate that singularly for a period of time disproportionally drive the overall growth. One of the benefits of having many businesses in the device arena is there's always going to be somewhere that's growing that way and other places where we're innovating for the future. 
Miles White: To OUS business, Joanne, was up a little over 10% in the adult, OUS adult business. And a lot of that is new product innovation, new formats, expansion in given markets like Vietnam and other places, where we've got pretty good strongholds, but also a lot of opportunity for further growth.  So we've put a lot more intention on some of those. I'd say historically, in this business, the U.S. and China always get all the attention. But there's a lot of opportunity in, as Robert said, Southeast Asian markets and others, where there's still a lot of growth, India and the like, and particularly in the adult segment. 
Miles White: Man, you are one aggressive guy. I remember I've got this call or this question last quarter, I can't recall if it was you, on whether we thought we could get the $5 billion and how soon, and gosh, 3 months later, it's $10 billion. I've got the same ambitions, to be honest. I just wouldn't have expected them 90 days later. But to answer your question, I think that kind of potential is there. I think it's awfully hard to speculate about a number that big. But will we -- do I think we'll get the $5 billion? And do I think we'll do it in a reasonable time, $5 billion of sales over? Yes, I do. And I think it's -- the growth rate here is reflective of not only the size of the market, but the need and utility and affordability of the product. And I think it's just, as I've said many times, it's a very different market where affordability and the utility, the access, all those things make this a mass market product, not a niche. And it's designed for that. It's priced for that. It's a very profitable product. And we're going through the large-scale, scale-up of addressing that kind of growth, which is unprecedented for products in our space.  So do I think it can grow to that sort of level? I won't jinx anything by trying to make some prognostication about $10 billion, but I would say that I think it's got enormous potential. And it's got potential beyond glucose. It's got potential as a wearable in other analytes and other products over time. We have R&D programs underway, not only for the repeated enhancement, improvement, expansion of Libre, but also in the other categories beyond diabetes and other analytes and so forth. So I think that there's just a lot of things that will evolve over the coming years here that, today, people weren't even contemplating with the product. We're going as hard as we can at the glucose opportunity, which is enormous. But there's so much more beyond that, that, I think, at least to your aspirational consideration, to be honest, has validity. I'm just not ready to put any numbers around it. 
Miles White: The only product out there that The Street has been able to compare it to is expensive and high cost and aimed at a niche in the United States. Ours is not expensive, and it's not high cost. It does not lack for clinical performance, accuracy or any of the like. But because the manufacturing is so sophisticated and automated, we were able to achieve a pretty low cost in what is a pretty sophisticated product. It's a highly profitable product, so we haven't compromised that it's a product that is successful in terms of profit. That's not been compromised at all. It has a completely different design and approach and cost structure. It relies on scale for that cost, and we've actually seen improving gross margin.  We've told you before the gross margin is over 60%. It is and rising. And that's with a heavy capital investment, so that we can produce the kind of volume that is broadly available. So I think among the misunderstandings out there, I think people say, "Well, geez, how do you make money?" Oh, we make money. We do just fine, thank you. And the product is designed to be affordable and accessible. I guess, there are some days when we think, if the health care market community ensures payers, Congress, patients, whatever, I always say it's got to be lower cost. The health care has got to be more affordable. Here's our example. And it is. It's massively so. And so we've gone at it with that approach to make it broadly available. Broadly, in this case means 80 million people worldwide. That's unprecedented.  So I'm not sure that the device community has totally understood it because it's so different. But we keep saying so. And I think now as the new capacity comes online, we've also staged the capacity so that literally, every 90 days, we're adding another increment, significant incremental capacity. We will not be capacity-constrained. And that kind of release is a lot of freedom to market and push the product forward and even open up markets we haven't opened yet. So I think there's a lot of opportunity here. And I think to, I think, opportunity -- there's opportunity for a number of things like this, as I mentioned earlier, in what's called the wearables market, the more affordable and accessible technologies make products like this, then I think we're going to see a very different market expansion. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean, we -- David, we filed this in iCGM. We made that comment in our last earnings, and we filed as an iCGM. The standards and special controls for the iCGM, they're very clear and they're very transparent as it relates to accuracy, thresholds, alarms, sensor shutoffs, et cetera. So we wouldn't have filed an iCGM if we felt that we're going to fall short of those special controls. In fact, we were encouraged by the agency to file Libre 2 as an iCGM. So I know people want to speculate and kind of tie it to the exact date. We're not behind our timelines, so we're not going to expect there an exact date here, but we expect it relatively soon. 
Robert Ford: So Robbie, so you saw we had a great quarter of MitraClip, global sales over 30%, really driven by U.S. over 50%, the majority of that growth in U.S. really coming through increased productivity in the existing accounts. So we obviously were constantly doing market development, opening new accounts, but a majority of that growth coming through increased utilization. So we've continued to invest in clinical and field sales expansion. And when you do this, they have this direct impact in account utilization and productivity. International was up also double digits in the quarter. You've got Japan, where we believe is a significant opportunity for us long term there where we're building our capabilities in Japan. And Europe saw a rebound in Q2 versus where we were in Q1. I think the teams there, the clinical and medical teams have done a really good job at putting into context and framing some of those conflicting trials that came out in the second half of the year.  So we think there's a lot of sustainability here not only in the U.S. I mean, our penetration rates here, in terms of the opportunity, are still kind of low single digits. So we've got a lot of runway here. Regarding your question on CMS, I mean, there's obviously a lot of coordination that's been going on between CMS and the physician societies. We expect the NCD to be opened up a very soon as part of that coordination. As I say, we're not going to forecast an exact timeline here, but we anticipate getting through the process around year-end early next year. But as you said, the process here hasn't really kind of impeded our growth.  We have seen a dozen or so private commercial insurance companies already reflect updates to their decision to their coverage to include the new indication. Obviously, the larger segment there is the Medicare segment, but it's good to kind to see that traction in the private segment. So very good quarter. We continue to see this expansion in the second half of the year and towards the end of the year looking at achieving the CMS reimbursement. 
Robert Ford: Yes. So we had a, as you've noticed, sequential improvement in our Nutrition business. We're very pleased with the performance. We continue to see kind of above market growth in several of the countries. We've made a lot of enhancements and changes in people and strategies to enhance our competitiveness over the years, new products execution, and we get to see that. We do think it is sustainable. We are executing well. We kind of see the market in that 3% to 4% range. So -- and we're always striving for something above that. And you saw that again in this quarter with a 5% kind of growth and good execution in our adult business specifically coming out of Asia. 
Robert Ford: Yes, sure. So we saw an improvement in Q2. Obviously, that's not our landing spot. We're obviously not where we want to be, but an improvement there. We completed the sales force expansion that we've been talking about. We increased the sales force by about 40%. And when you go through something like that, Joanne, there's some disruption that occurs in terms of cutting the territories and the training, et cetera. So we've completed that, and now, obviously, the focus is improving the productivity of that sales team. And we saw that in the second quarter. If you look at some of the KPIs, we look at whether it's trials or trial to permanent implant conversion rates. We saw definitely sequential improvement versus Q1, and we expect that to improve as we go into the second half of this year.  A big portion of this also is, I'd say, product innovation life cycle. You've seen a couple of quarters now where there really hasn't been any kind of launch from competitors in this space. That's a key driver also. So sales force productivity and execution, we'll start to see some of our innovation output we made double the investment in that R&D business over the last couple of years. And we'll start to see some output of that in the second half of this year, beginning of next year in terms of new products that will provide, I'd say, more for the sales team to kind of work with. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I think when we went out about this several years ago, the challenge here, Matt, wasn't to get an accurate reading of glucose from interstitial fluid. Navigator, when we have launched it back in 2008, we were able to do that. It was very accurate, and we're able to get an accurate reading. The challenge that we went about with Libre is how to do that in a way that is cost-effective for the health systems and for consumers and for all of that. So that was what we really went after, is how can you get the accurate reading at a cost position at the core of Libre? And you might remember at the time, Navigator at the time was considered the most accurate sensor. In the core of Libre is that chemistry, is that core technology of Navigator, which provides accurate, reliable readings, but we're able to do that at a cost position that now makes sense for the insurance and for the payer community and the health systems to cover it. It wasn't a question of whether the outcomes were right or whether the outcomes were enough. They were convinced that the outcomes were there for sensor-based glucose monitoring. It was just, can I now do it in a way that makes sense for me to do it on a mass scale? And Miles just talked about this about mass scale. That's what we went after 10 years ago. And that's at the core. And I think maybe that's misunderstood because a lot of this discussion gets focused on, well, accuracy at this level and accuracy at that level. And the reality is accuracy is obviously important, but our goal here is to make this massively available without having to sacrifice accuracy. And the fact that we priced it at a different price point wouldn't say necessarily imply that it's somehow missing something, we just have a different strategy and adjustment view of what we could do. 
