Miles White: Well, I assume there is one of the question this morning was some clarity on whether or not that transaction with Mylan is going forward I think that’s clear we reported discontinued operations, - financials et cetera and as we very clearly said in the earnings release yesterday tracking forward no change probably that’s what comment on that. So that was special takeaway some speculation on certainty there and that’s all tracking according to schedule. The performance of the remainder of EPD actually it’s both halves, we’ve actually seen improvement in the developed markets part of the business which is good thing that’s the part that we’re divesting to Mylan. And we've seen improvement in the emerging market piece. I think some improvement in market and economy in few of these markets like India but overall let’s say improvement in the overall performance of the business which we’ve been expecting and waiting for and that was kind of what we intended and what we planned and we’re seeing it. So, that’s gratifying, I think everybody around the world, every company I have seen reporting as expressing caution around economies everywhere and currencies everywhere so forth and I think one issue that I continue to track closely which we’ve obviously less control of then the operating performance of these businesses is just the overall currency volatility around the world and that of course effects this business because it’s purely an ex-U.S. business but other than that I think what we’re seeing here and gradual improvements in our performance in the business is good, that’s good and I’m feeling pretty good about that because as you know earlier in the year we were projecting sequential improvements in this business as the year went on and you guys directly ask about it every quarter and we’re seeing that. Your greatest fear is that you don’t see that so we’re pleased with that now in addition we add CFR to that, CFR’s performance in Latin America has been consistent double-digit growth and that’s also a plus and going forward. So, I think if you look at the underlying performance of the business we exceeded double-digit growth and there is very little CFR in here because of the timing close there is not a lot of CFR in the numbers and even without it business is going double digit. So I’m pleased with what I see in emerging markets when we’re done with the Mylan transaction with the developed market business this business will be purely an emerging market business which has been our strategic intent to focus on because we see the conditions in those markets and the developing economies quite favorable to the business over time. So that remains an important strategic focus for us and I think the investors now will have a much clearer visibility of transparency to the opportunity in those markets. One of the great things about emerging markets is the growth potential there of these economies and the healthcare systems and that’s why we’re focused on that, that’s a very important source of growth, it comes with volatility which means you got to be diverse, you got to be diverse in geographies you’re in fortunately we’re well spread out I think CFR helped us even further with that. So, I like the prospects for the business and I’m glad we’re seeing the fundamental improve.
Miles White: Well first of all back to your original question about confidence. We’re right on track with our transaction with Mylan and I’m superstitious enough not to want to speculate or hypothesize or whatever. I would say we’re on track with what we said, what we expected and everything we’re doing is pointed at the conclusion on time, on schedule as described. And I don’t know what else to say about it I don’t really want to get into a lot of speculation about other stuff, but I think it’s, as I said, tracking exactly where we wanted to be. So, that’s about as much as I can say and only thing I should say. The vascular business is a disappointment. There is just no question about that. And this is our performance. You know to a degree, I think all of us competing in this business can look at a slower market, but this isn't about slower markets this is about us. The part of this business where I am most disappointed is the US in us and our performance there. There's a lot of price competition, but you know when there is price competition that price affects everybody, so the whole market is experiencing price competition. I think that there's a fair amount of commoditization that's happening here, its customers returning more and more towards value and less and less toward differentiation and performance of products. And I think when that happens your competitors begin to sell on price and other factors. I think this market has definitely changed. The dynamics, the competitive dynamics have changed and our approach to it needs to change as well and that's just a fact. For us, you know, if you look at the performance is primarily the stent business and it's primarily the US. Now is there a residual effect in Europe, there is, is there a residual effect in Japan? There is. I’d say in both countries, both geographies, that is Japan and Europe its price. But in addition, I think that there's a definitely a share war going on where the leaders in the category and as such, we’re targeted by everybody else. And we all seem to be dealing with that as well as we should. And I think that's pretty clear. So, at this point, I don't have any projections to make to you other than you've got our full attention.
Miles White: Well, first of all, let me tell you, I don't see an analogy between this and EPD other than there's been a time when both have performed below our expectations and we frankly - which in the pro forma at or above our expectations, so there is the comparability. Other than that, you’re right. They’re different. The answers to the device business or the stent business are clearly different. The dynamics of the market are different and so on. In our case, I think, there is two things. One is we clearly have to deal with our competitiveness in the stent category and in particular in the US. We simply have to figure out here how to be a lot more competitive than we apparently have been. So that's point number one, point number two beyond that, I think for this business to be a contributor to growth it's got to be broader. We've got to broaden our footprints here. We've got to broaden into new areas and new innovations. Now, in our case, MitraClip, the peripheral, the longer term prospects for Absorb and frankly any other expansion beyond that, they're all considerations here. We can't just sit here and be a drug-eluding stent company and rely on that. So it's clearly our intent to broaden the business and grow other dimensions of it in the device area. But you have to do that on strong foundations, so we've got to fix the competitiveness of the underlying business first. And we’re clearly looking at how we expand and shape this business going forward. I have no intention of being out of the business, I've no intention of shrinking, I have no intention of any other changes other than full steam ahead, but I’d say the underlying competitiveness and then expansion from there is what's on the table.
Miles White: I’d tell you, I think this is a great business and again I always think we can do better at it. And in this case, it’s very different dynamic. We are the adult nutrition business worldwide. And its one where - it's not about riding growth or competing with particular competitors because we're quite large I guess, I would say in the area. So we have to drive the growth and create the demand as well. And the single biggest uncreated opportunity thus far is China. And we’re recently launching into that arena with powder-based products and so forth. We’ll learn our way in here. We think we understand the dynamics of the market, but you always think you understand the dynamics of the market then the market teaches you more. In this case, we’ve launched. I think there's a big opportunity there. I think there's a future opportunity beyond that, beyond the powder-based business in liquids. And we’re prepared for that as well, but I think we’ll go at this - I don’t want to say cautiously because that's not the right term. But thoughtfully, progressively we’ll establish our distribution, establish our brand, establish our products, establish us in the categories. The dynamics in China are different than the dynamics in the US or other countries of the world their own behaviors and practices as consumers are different and so it’s not like you can just take up a U.S. or European or Latin American model and apply China, you can’t. But I think there is a big opportunity there and I think there is opportunity in the rest of the world to continue to grow the business. In this case, we don’t measure our success so much on shares we do in so many other categories, we measure our success on real growth because our share is high and I think that a very high share and given segment you can’t often too comfortable and that drive the opportunity or the market growth. I don’t think our people are comfortable, I think they all understand there's a much bigger opportunity there to drive growth in this business we certainly do like that. And so for me that's a real upside for us that's on our radar screen for a lot of investment attention and as you know we've recently invested in additional plant capacity not only in China and India, but also here in the U.S. in Ohio where we built a brand-new liquid plant that is specifically dedicated to this business. And we’re already into phase 2 expansion there so we've got great expectations of the ability this business to drive growth in the future both here and in the areas overseas.
Miles White: Yes, okay. As you know, over the last 3-4 years there has been some largely there that impacted the pediatric nutrition business usually in China. And the recall that we had over a year ago clearly affected the business in China and several other countries. And when that happens to the pediatric business it typically takes a year or more to recover. And you might note that one of our competitors who was impacted more than we were by that particular recall has not recovered and we have. So, I think first thing I'd say is our team in China and Saudi Arabia and other places, Vietnam they’ve done a wonderful job recovering not only share they had in the market but performance trajectory, brand confidence with the consumer et cetera and we’re seeing that now. While we completely there we’re close that cost a year’s worth of growth and base and so forth to those countries. We're in a good trajectory in China a lot of new product launches are going on right now that are driving us I think very nicely, I'm not sure we’re going to be satisfied and let ourselves to be satisfied in pediatric business in China until we've taken incremental share over and above where we were when the recall happened but we’re on a good trajectory there and I think the team is doing well at that. We’ve a launched a lot of new products around the world country by country over the last three years, our R&D productivity in the nutrition business has been exceptional, tops in the company and then put a lot of new products into the marketplace and it's our own commercial execution that needs to make those products successful in those markets. So I'd say, we're in so many countries that the opportunity from a pediatric standpoint is really strong, really good, and driven by good demographic circumstances in those countries and economic development circumstances. So I’m pleased with all of that. As I turn to the U.S., the U.S. has always been Abbott competition there's no tailwind of growth for the pediatric business in the United States, this is hand-to-hand combat. That's primarily Mead Johnson. And they’re to be respected for medical competitor and they make us better and hopefully we make them better I think they're a very strong competitor with both relatively equivalent share in the United States and we just slug it out every day and I think that puts a lot of pressure on both companies to be innovative, to perform well, to always be looking at new ways to reach the consumer. And the medical community and in our case I think we've done really well. I think that our share growth, our share gain in various segments of the business has been excellent and if you asked me if I'm satisfied I'm never satisfied. I always want us to do better than we've done and I think the attention that we give that business is warranted and we've got a lot of attention on that business. Because I think it can do even better than it has I think we've got really good management team there and I think the opportunity and the upside for us is good. It's not a market driven growth, it’s a competition driven growth we have to compete. And I tell the people in the company that if you really want to see head-to-head competition and understand what competition looks like in a business whether the pediatric nutrition business because in every country of the world it is head-to-head with our competitors. And I think we've done really well there from share standpoint and gross standpoint to access that market so that gets a lot of attention and focus for us. It’s a profitable business, it generates strong cash flow. I like everything about it.
Miles White: You know, Larry, I would just add to it. There is $0.22 on this divestiture of this business and that’s - its chunk of make up now obviously our EPS well figured in that, but that all chunk of makeup. CFR will offset fair amount of that. And then I would only point out that to the question earlier, we aren’t constrained with capital in terms of opportunities. But we want to be opportunistic in terms of any opportunities that we had with the company, so I don’t want to just rush out and you’re not suggesting this I understand. But obviously deploy capital is simply replace EPS and in long-term I am always looking to build EPS and grow the Company. So we clearly with not only the continuing cash we earn and accumulate, but as the Mylan proceeds and so forth have tremendous flexibility for M&A and kind of without constraint. The only thing that constrains us is opportunities and fit of those opportunities and so on. So I think to the degree that they are investors who look at the net let’s call it dilution from the sale of scaffold product business in the developed markets to Mylan, I would say be patient, you can’t offset that or fix that in a few weeks, but longer term obviously our motive is to grow and improve the company. And I just can’t predict the timing of that, but I can certainly figure all the possibility in the all deal is.
Miles White: I am focused on vascular and I am focused on devices. I think, you think about where you spend your time it’s not like you run the one thing and only spend your time there. I mean they all got a lot of time and attention from all of us, but we know very clearly where we’re headed and what we want to execute. What we have to do in almost every business here where we don’t seem to be executing or defining that future as well is clearly in the vascular business and I think it’s not even devices it’s the vascular business and we can think of the vascular business as vascular we can think of it more broadly as medical devices exclusive of optics and probably just care center for minute and I’d say that particular leg has both fix it dimension to it and an expansion of future strategy dimension to it and its capital so that’s something that’s going to get a lot of attention from all of us and more or so I mean I would say we believe we have been paying sufficient attention to all the things necessary in that business but clearly it shows in the performance right now but that’s not sufficient and we’ve got to take through this a lot more thoroughly. And I think thinking from a standpoint of being more successful we just got to be a lot more successful not only in the current business but in the future. So, I guess if you said where is the majority of my worry time spent or my focus time or strategy time or whatever it’s with my folks in the vascular business now.
Miles White: Okay, with - China yes, I think we’re back to where we were or we ahead of where were, we made up for the last year no but we’re back to where we were in my view. And with regard to prospects in China going forward I’d say the sort of the near term and the long term, the near term is often a bumpy ride in China and that can be because of local conditions, it can be economy, it can be the government, it can be the unexpected recall it can be anything, China is a bumpy ride and yes, it’s a very attractive long term market so we made long term commitments and investments and have a long term strategy there including the ownership and development of our own dairies and own milk supply inside the country and I think that is unique among multinationals at this point. We’ve ensured our own supply and our own access to ingredients at a very high quality level et cetera and I think for the long term that makes a big difference we’re very very well positioned. So, I think the prospects in China are very good for the long term in spite of the fact that it’s an occasionally bumpy ride okay and I think the underlying potential dynamics are all very strong and very good, it’s a very competitive place, it’s a different place to do business. But I can say that about any market around the world and I know people say it would they tend to lump emerging markets together like they’re all the same, they’re not the same and they’re no two that’s same and yes, they represent tremendous growth and I think China does in particular. Now in our case, I’d say we’re pretty spread across a lot of foreign markets and emerging markets around the world because we don’t want to be over dependent on just China, just India, just Russia, just Brazil et cetera. So as you know with our CFR transaction, CFR doesn’t happen to be substantial in Brazil or Mexico or very large market it’s in a log of next level markets medium size et cetera where there is tremendous opportunities. In our case we don’t risk to over index necessarily just in China or India now when - market we want to be very successful in it so with the largest healthcare company, largest pharmaceutical company in India and I like that position but at the same time our share is at a point where there is still tremendous growth opportunity ahead of us we just don’t want to be over dependent on any one market and while China is a tremendous growth opportunity so it’s the rest of the world. With regard to Libre which is the flash glucose product just reference I don’t know what I can tell you about the potential is to be honest I think we’re going on at the beginning here with I think modest financial expectations but aggressive marketing intent, we’re going at this a different way, I don’t want to be overly reliance on reimbursement because I think this product has tremendous consumer or user appeal for the insulin dependent diabetic and I think the experience for that particular patient or user is so superior to what’s available today or what they can do today that I think our challenge is to establish the value proposition and the product and it’s benefits and it’s use and it’s experience to that patient group. And if we do that well then it won’t as dependent on get keeping your hurdles of government reimbursement et cetera although it may be well enhanced by that at some point but we’re trying to go about it more from a consumer approach perspective and go direct to the patient with this and to the extent that all regulatory circumstances allow. So, I think that’s got great potential opportunity I don’t know how to put a dollar value on that yet so I’m reluctant to kind of Forecast one. Our team in diabetes care knows that almost any number they give me won’t meet my expectations and I think that’s kind of how we live it internally right now it’s not clear that can completely project what the uptick will be or how fast but we’re very pleased by initial reactions of consumers and professionals and physicians and so forth. And I think after we’ve had some months of experience we’ll be better able to put some numbers around what we expect here in terms of continuing trajectories, expansion share gain et cetera in the biggest user group there is which is insulin dependent diabetic and the frequent tester. So I think that’s the best I can tell you about that at this point, right now we got an awful lot of expectation and hope and we’re not overly focused on meeting particular numbers because right now the numbers are small of course because that’s the initial launch phase but it’s launched in 7 new countries and that’s going to be pretty good test for us.
