Robert Ford: Thanks, Larry. I mean, as I said in my prepared remarks and quite frankly, as we talked about throughout most of 2023, the impact of the strategy we took to take some of the COVID revenue and reinvest in the base business. I think ultimately, that's really the factor here. I mean, we operate in these 4 business segments and their underlying attractiveness still is very sustainable.   So strengthening our positions that were already pretty strong in each of these 4 segments was absolutely the right strategy here because we believe that these are important areas of healthcare to be in. So I'd make the case here that all 4 of our major businesses are actually in a better and stronger shape than when we were pre-pandemic, which was about $10 billion less and growing at that 7% to 8% range.   If you look at EPD, as I said in my comments, I mean, these are 3 consecutive years of double-digit organic sales growth. This is probably one of our best commercial teams. They operate in a very challenging geographies in different markets and they've done an exceptional job at growing the top line and expanding the bottom line. I think even with all the FX and all the challenges that we've seen in those markets, they have expanded their op margin profile by 300 basis points. So a pretty strong position, strong team. And then we layered in that now a new growth vertical by adding biosimilars, which historically hasn't been a platform that's been readily available in emerging markets. It's probably been more of a developed markets play.   So I think that's going to provide a new growth vertical for us there. Nutrition I think did an incredible job here. As we said at the beginning of last year at regaining our leadership position here in the U.S. I think it speaks a lot about the trust that our users and customers have for our product. But even Adult -- our Adult Business, our Adult Business has increased $1 billion since pre-pandemic, and it's just strengthening and getting stronger. I mean it's $4 billion, growing high-single digits. There's a lot of med tech businesses, Larry, that command very strong premiums in terms of the valuation just by having those kind of growth rates and sizes. So -- and we're making investments in that channel also. So diagnostics has got a great track record here. Our Core Lab business has done very well. I've talked about our algorithm and formula here and framework for growth. We've gotten some recent very large account wins globally here. I think that's the result of our portfolio. And quite frankly, the trust that these customers have in Abbott and our ability to execute.   And our Rapids portfolio has done very well in terms of placing a lot of new instruments out there, for decentralized testing, and we've been making investments on new assays to be able to go through those instruments. And then Medical Devices historically was in that high single-digit growth. I think what's changed there to become now a double-digit grower for us on a very large-size business is that you have historically double-digit growth businesses like Heart Failure, EP, Structural Heart, EDC, I mean, those are continuing. I think what's changed here is that we've taken a strategic look at about 40% of the revenue in Medical Devices, our CRM and Vascular businesses, that we're showing very little growth historically and made investments in them to accelerate their growth rates. I think you saw that in Q4 with CRM. I'd say it's predominantly been an organic play with our leadless platform and technology.   On Vascular, it's been a combination of adding inorganically to the business and organic plays to reposition some of the portfolio to higher growth segments. So I think that's really in a nutshell across all these very 4 attractive segments. We've spent the last couple of years strengthening it. And I think you're starting -- you saw that last year, every year, double-digit growth and they've gotten stronger and they've gotten better and they've gotten more growth opportunities with them.   So I think that's really the driver there. I mean if you -- I've gotten some of the headlines here about accelerating sales, but not seeing maybe that come through in the -- on the earnings. Again, this is another one where you look at the impact that COVID had on us and the clouding of it. Our Core business grew EPS last year, 40-plus percent. We're forecasting double-digit earnings per share growth this -- at the midpoint, double digit this year. We've got a range around it. I mean there's a lot of volatility in the world, Larry. So I'd say, yes, I don't have to list all those out in terms of macro and geopolitics. But we've proven to be pretty resilient there. And I think the range captures the opportunity that we have on the earnings side. I'd say there's probably more upside than downside in that range, but it's only January. So I think this is a good starting point. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean, listen, we hear a lot of companies talk about working here to recover to their operating margin and try to get back to their op margin pre-pandemic. We're in a pretty unique position, I'd say, versus our peers here. Our op margin profile is already at -- is already at the pretty pandemic level. And I think what you saw us do there, Josh, and I talked a little bit about it in my comments, is I think we managed very well strategically the spending piece of it. We accelerated the spending investments when we were at our -- COVID sales were at their peak levels a few years ago. And then we held that spending flat these last couple of years, even though our top line was growing pretty significantly here.   So I'd say our biggest opportunity for margin expansion really is on the gross margin line. And that is, if you think about our big 5 activities this year at the company, and we could do all 5 in the same time. But I'd say gross margin is pretty high up there in our priority. We're forecasting a pretty nice step-up in our gross margin profile this year, roughly around 75 basis points. And there's a combination of factors that are helping to drive that margin expansion, that profile expansion. We've got a pretty strong track record here of executing on internal margin improvement program. So every business has got their programs. We manage those on a monthly basis. They all get reported out. So there's a high degree of visibility and inspection to those programs.   Some of the headwinds that we faced, I'd say, over the last couple of years are starting to turn a little bit into tailwinds. So whether it's commodity costs, freight and distribution, all those elements seem to be, let's say, right now and given our visibility for the year as we stand here today, turning into tailwinds, so that helps.   And then the other part here is just, I'd say, portfolio mix. So as some of the Device businesses continue to outpace and continue to grow those are higher-margin businesses and they provide that mix element in that gross margin expansion. So I think this provides a nice opportunity for us this year. But I expect over time, we'll get back to our pre-pandemic gross margin profile. It's -- for me, it's not a question of if -- it's just a question of when we could target 50, 75, I mean it's never going to be as linear as we always would want, but that kind of expansion for us, I think, really provides a good opportunity to drive earnings growth over the next couple of years.   So I'd say that's our biggest opportunity. I think we did a really good job at leveraging spending. And I think you see that in our profiles. So our big opportunity here is gross margin, and we're all over it. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I think we've showed pretty strong robust growth in our EP business throughout all the year, even in the face of actual end market competition, it's been strong across the board. I don't think it's just been a Europe story. U.S. has been strong. China has been very strong for us this year, especially in VBP. I mean there were some price challenges throughout the year with VBP, but the volume we picked up, the market share we picked up more than offset that. So it's really been across the board here. And I think it really is about the strength of the portfolio. So not only having a strong mapping system with our EnSite X, I think is at the core, good mapping disposables and diagnostic disposals also. And I think launching TactiFlex, which is the flexible tip combined with the contact force. We've seen great results, great outcomes, whether it's outcomes to the patient or time of procedure. We've seen that consistently around the world.   And then on top of that, I think we've got a great team, really a great team that is very close to our customers. And yes, we were able to see the adoption of new technologies. We've talked about some of the shortcomings that exist in those. So I think it's really the combination of our portfolio and our team that really has kind of sustained the growth as we look to more PFA systems that will be in the market this year in the U.S.   Listen, as I've said, I think it's a great technology. I think there are some challenges with some of these first-generation products. I do expect there to be uptake and usage of it. I think what's been interesting in observing the uptake in Europe is that it is first, at least from what we've seen, it is first seen to have broader adoption in the Cryo segment. And then from there, then kind of moving past that, so right now, I think -- I guess, that's my assumption in the U.S. until I see something differently that it will follow a similar pattern. And then the question will just be kind of the speed. But I think the team has done a really good job here on the ground with the technology. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Strong growth in Q4 under $1.5 billion. U.S. was up 32%. And I'd say still haven't -- team hasn't even had to unleash L3 in the U.S. market in 2023, I think you'll see that now really hit in 2024. But being able to put those kind of growth rates in the U.S. without even having to launch L3 with a competitive new system. I think that speaks a lot about our position, our scale and our brand.  The growth is going to come from -- I've been pretty consistent about this, Robbie, and then we've a lot of opportunities here for growth. I'm not going to list them all out here. But I'd say, okay, the basal is a big opportunity. It's a large opportunity for us. And I also think it's multiyear. So I don't think it's just a '24, '25. I think the penetration into the basal segment is definitely 2-plus years easily.  And Libre dominates in the pharmacy channel here. I mean you referenced IQVIA, Robbie. 7 out of 10 new scripts for this patient segment is Libre. And I think that's a testament to the strength and the value proposition that the product has, so it's becoming an increasingly strong growth contributor in the U.S. In Japan and in France, where that reimbursement is exclusive to Libre, that's also having a nice contribution on growth.  I think right now in the U.S., most of the population is now covered, whether it's in Medicare or whether it's in private -- private commercial Medicare represents about 1/3 of the market. So I think there's great opportunity here. We just got to build the awareness, build the traveling experience with primary care. And that's what we're doing. That's what we have been doing, quite frankly, for some time.  So it's a nice opportunity, and it's a great growth opportunity for us, and like I said, easily 2-plus years. I think the other part of the opportunity we have, Robbie, is looking at a segment that really hasn't been -- we haven't been able to access which is that of pump connectivity. I think this represents a great opportunity for us. If you look at basal as being a market expansion opportunity, I think the pump connectivity becomes a market conversion opportunity for us. You got 150,000 to 200,000 I guess, new pumpers every year, and that patient segment has -- we haven't been able to target it, but now that we've got the regulatory clearings and list and connecting to all the different pump manufacturers. I think this is a great opportunity for us. And I think it's good for patients. I think it's going to be good to have a different option especially for this patient population, where insulin delivery and the whole connected system is important, right?  Recently, there was an independent third party study. I think this is the first time we've seen an independent head to head study that was published a few weeks ago, showing that Libre 3 is superior to the recently launched product from our competitor across a variety of different metrics, whether it's bias, whether it's MARD. So I look at that and I say, okay, through a pump company, and you're wanting to provide the best solution to users, that's an important aspect, especially for this segment.  So I look at the basal, I look at the pump, it's probably good drivers for us in '24, '25, but we've got multiple growth verticals here on this platform like I've said.  To your question on IQVIA, I think anybody who kind of follows Pharma and is more attuned to pharma knows that IQVIA doesn't pick up the entire market. So the pharmacy channel in the U.S. gets picked up by IQVIA, but there are other segments in the market that drive adoption that don't get picked up by IQVIA. So maybe that's what you're seeing. 
Robert Ford: Yes. Thanks. I don't know if I regret using that terminology or not now, Danielle, but I guess I would say, yes, they are great products, and we didn't think about calling them that because they were going to be a flash in the pan for 1 or 2 years. We look at these as really long-term great growth opportunities that we have that will significantly add to the company over the next few years. And quite frankly, they have added a good amount of growth for us this year, and they'll accelerate.  So I think this year -- sorry, in 2023, those 5 products represented about 0.5 point of growth. I expect that to increase in 2024 to about 1 point of growth, total Abbott contribution. So they're definitely stepping up and I'd say some of them, I would call market creating opportunities, tricuspid I would put over there, CardioMEMS over there, generating the clinical data, generating the data for reimbursement, generating referral pathways. We know how to do this, and we all want things to go pretty fast, especially with med tech products, right? But with products like this that have such significant growth opportunities, there's a certain amount of work that you need to do regarding clinical work as it relates to market expansion, development -- and market development.  I'd say some of the other products on that list, I'd say, are probably more market conversion, and these are already attractive -- large attractive growth segments that we're targeting with our technologies, Navitor in the TAVR space, Aveir in the CRM side. I mean these are large segments that were coming in, and will have different value propositions. I think Aveir has got a tremendous opportunity. It's a $3 billion global pacing market and the value proposition for Aveir I think is second to none in terms of its proposition to the implanter, to the patient. So -- we -- I expect a lot from Aveir in terms of growth. I expect a lot from Navitor. And we're going to be expanding. So we'll have 2 new line extensions to Navitor this year, Navitor Vision and Navitor Titan. And so we're investing in those areas. And yes, they're still great products. They'll still have the Fab 5 on it. And they continue to increase. They'll grow 50%, at least we're forecasting a 50% growth next year and they will contribute about 1 point of growth to the overall company. So that being said, I will say those are great products. They take a lot of focus, but we still have a lot in the chamber here, too, whether it's Lingo, whether it's our TBI test. We're going to be launching a nutritional drink for GLP-1 users this year. Also, we're doing a lot of work on [indiscernible], which is our PFA solution. We put out some announcements already at the beginning of the year regarding our clinical trials.  I talked about biosimilars in EPD, our dual analyzer sensor for Libre, we're developing a new Alinity system to target a segment of the Diagnostic market that we're currently not competing. So yes, Fab 5, a lot of great contributions, but there's a lot in the chamber here, and I think that's really what's going to sustain our growth beyond 2024 and 2025 is just having a robust pipeline. 
Robert Ford: Well, yes, we've got a strong balance sheet and provides us a lot of flexibility on our capital allocation plan. On the M&A side, Vijay, listen, I think it starts off with -- we've got great pipeline. We have great organic opportunities here to be able to kind of drive top-tier sustainable growth. So that ends up putting -- allowing us to be in a selective position here where we're not trying to use M&A as a way to kind of bulk up our top line or to cover any kind of top line gaps that might be there. So that allows us to be sustainable -- allows us to be more selective. And if there are opportunities that fit strategically and can generate an attractive return, then like you said, you've done the math, we've got the flexibility and the firepower to do that. But I'm not looking to acquire businesses simply to make the top line look good.  Profitability matters. Earnings matter. And when you get into these larger size deals, you have to have very strong conviction and understanding of that to be able to generate those returns and not just look at it as a top line play. I think they're harder nowadays. You look at what we did with St. Jude, and we have looked back at the deal model that we put together spot on in terms of all aspects there of how we thought this business would impact the company. So I'm not discarding anything like that. I'm just providing you the framework that says they're harder to make work if you want to look beyond just top line and you want to look at ROICs and all the right financial metrics here in terms of how you deploy capital. And -- but I don't feel that we need to do anything like that to cover a top line kind of gap.  If we ever did something like that, it was because it would be strategic and looking at the company kind of long term and not trying to feel a top line gap. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I don't think that we're seeing kind of any kind of catch-up or pent-up or anything like that. I think what you're seeing here is more -- at least I can speak for our portfolio. I just think you're seeing more adoption of the technologies, right? So I think there was some disruption. We've talked about it in some parts of some procedures that require a little bit more preop planning or imaging before and imaging after. I mean I think those -- that combined with the labor shortages that occurred 2022. I think that, that probably slowed a few of them down, but I don't think that there was a bolus returning as a result of that.  I just think we got back into a normal cadence here of being able to see procedures increasing. We saw that in structural heart procedures, saw that in CRM and EP procedures, not just here in the U.S. but around the world too. So seeing that also in routine diagnostic testing, Travis, a lot of our -- a good portion of the diagnostic business, our Core Lab business is actually in the hospital. So we also get to see that, too. And I didn't see a bolus of testing coming back. So we try and triangulate this. I just see this as procedures are returning back to normal. And because the -- because these technologies that are being developed and launched into the market are so -- it got such great opportunity to improve care, improve life of patients. I just think you're seeing the return to the adoption and the adoption curve. Some are faster than others, just given, I think, the market and market positions, et cetera. But I wouldn't account for it to be some sort of pent-up piece over here.  Okay. Well, I'll wrap up here. And like I said in the beginning, very successful year 2023, in many ways, it sort of represented this transition year regarding the coming down of COVID. I think we did a really good job at managing the scale up and the scale down, a lot of healthcare companies actually participated and -- in trying to solve the COVID problem and I think we did a good job here at being able to scale up and scale down.  Our performance here is now transitioned from being driven by COVID testing to once again being driven by a broad-based strength across the entire company. We delivered double-digit organic sales growth on every base business every quarter. And we're clearly entering 2024 with a lot of momentum. The pipeline we talked a little bit about it, continues to be highly productive. And I'm forecasting here top-tier growth in 2024. And as you look at our range on the EPS guide, like I said, there's probably more upside to that than downside. But we're in January. So we're off to a good start and looking forward to executing this year. 
