Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration, and Brian Yoor, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks, and Brian and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom, Brian, and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including the expected financial results for 2016. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to the risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual reports on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Please note that fourth quarter financial results and guidance provided on today's call for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Scott Leinenweber: Well, I think it depends on what timeframe you're asking. And it's going to be both, eventually. I mean, right now, I want the fastest regulatory path possible. This product has been exceptionally well received in Europe. Spectacularly well received I should say. Consumers and users and diabetics and so forth have just given us an over whelming positive response. So that's good and we're just in the process now to releasing all the new capacity we invested in, in the last year. And we got the next way to capacity expansion underway. So it's kind of one of those great challenges where I want to play from my own perspective. The diabetic community in United States wants this product. And it's a regulatory pacing issue here. It wasn't so in Europe. And I would say no more about that, but I'm in a hurry because we know the value of the product. We know the reception of the product. We know what the physician community reception of the product is. We know all of that and the value proposition of this product on top of the medical proposition is just fabulous. I have great expectations for it. I'm excited about it. And there is sort of two dimensions to that. One is enough capacity, which for a while we'll have and then we'll have another tranche coming on. And the regulatory process for how fast we can go.
Scott Leinenweber: I'm one of those superstitious people that no matter what I tell, I'm going to be wrong. And so I don't want to jinx anything. So I'll say, I would optimistically hope towards this year, but I don't know.
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. And that concludes Abbott’s conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11:00 a.m. Central Time via telephone at 203-369-3630, passcode 6422. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 p.m. Central Time on Thursday, February 11. Thank you for joining us today.
Brian Yoor: Sure Mike. I would say in international, as particularly and the slow down we’re seeing on the surface, nothing has changed about our underlying momentum here. If you go back to fourth quarter of 2014, that was the period where we were launching our innovations particularly, Eleva and QINTI into the market. And as you know, Eleva has had great success in the portion of the market that it's playing in. So there is a little bit of a tougher comparison, fourth quarter '15 over '14. If you blend it out in China there on the average, Nutrition business grew over the mid teens for the full year. And so that's more reflective of the performance for this business for a year and it's still ongoing. We still have the momentum there. We still have plans for further opportunities of how we compete and how we've been priced to the various channels. So nothing has changed about the momentum and it continues in the 2016.
Brian Yoor: Yes. Larry, if you look at the quarter and you take out the impact of what we talked about a little bit slow in Venezuela throughout the year, we are in the double-digit range for emerging markets across Abbott's businesses. The emerging market momentum --
Brian Yoor: Q4 2015. And for the four years as well, double-digit growth to the underlying momentum continues in the '16 as well.
Brian Yoor: In reality, we've got a lot of capacity and it just depends. We've obviously done a lot of small things and small can be measured in a lot of ways. I can remember when I thought a $1 billion dollars was huge. Now people seem to think of that as dinky. We've done a lot of things smaller than that and also mid size -- I don't feel constrained at $7 billion. I don't feel constrained at $8 billion or $10 billion. I don't feel constrained. So I'd say look if the opportunity is right, the strategic fit is right and the valuation is right, I don't feel constrained by size right now.
Brian Yoor: Sure. Rick, when you think about Venezuela and a decision to derisk this and just assume for a second if that’s your reality, your growth rate it doesn’t change. Your growth rate will actually become better as you move through time, so nothing’s changed about Abbott’s growth perspective, they may even become better. When you think about what I’ve said and what you’ve modeled in '15, you know that we had mid-teens underlying growth not for the impact of foreign exchange and we take these things that we talked about into account be about the de-risking of Venezuela on what it means to our earnings, as well as the FX, you are going to get right back to the mid teens.
Miles White: Well I think I’d start with that would be all about strengthening rather than separating out, but we're committed to all four major segments that we have in the company. One of the important things about those segments is they are in relative balance in terms of size, sales, profitability et cetera. They have all got you now somewhat different dynamics and they have also got a lot in common, because the EPD and nutrition globally, they share a lot of channel dynamics and so forth devices, diagnostics, I mean there is a lot of different things going on with these businesses. But I’d say first is balance matters in the mix with the investment identity of the company for a investor because we want to be reliable performer steadily over time. And as you know our proprietary pharma business avaricely grew to a terrific size and based on one product in particular. And so we were out of balance as a company and so we split into two companies. But we got balance in these businesses. That said, you know I’d say from an M&A perspective and the places where we are looking to be perfectly fair, we are not looking to do anything with regard to M&A in our nutrition business today. I mean if something came along opportunistically we would look at everything but the fact is that business is - that’s an organic business for us and all of our performance objectives and things we want to do in the nutrition business globally are organically driven and we think we’re in a good position for all of that. So the kind of investments that we make in those businesses and we’re a capital plant et cetera in the right market for the world and managing supply chains and so forth. The other three businesses are each a different tale, you know diagnostics I’d say we got a very strong business here. It’s actually a diverse business. It’s wanted in a segment of diagnostics and if we opportunistically could add to it we would. Obviously all the criteria you look at have to make sense but that’s a business where we don’t really have to but if we had opportunities we will. EPD similar, you know we’ve got a gem of a business there and having done a lot of things to shape that business in the last several years, we are in the right growth markets, we’re in high growth markets, we’re in markets where the profitability and the market development, the retail facing, all the structural and channel dynamics for a brand of generics are good. We’ve identified like let’s say in priority 15 countries in particular that meet our criteria and we’ve got strong positions and most of those particularly important ones and we’re always looking to enhance our footprint in those markets if we can and expand our brands in those markets. Latin America was a great example of that and so there is still many geographic opportunities to do so, but I always make the distinction to investors and others that it’s really where we can distinctively differentiate branded generic pharmaceuticals which means retail and channel and so forth right till the end, other Latin American countries and so forth. And so when we have those opportunities it’s great to add on but what we’ve got is core business now, a very strong branded generic international largely focused on emerging market business where there is tremendous tailwind of market growth. So that’s one that’s opportunistic. And then devices, I’d say it’s some of both. We look at that, we’d always want to strengthen that business, we do wish to strengthen that business, there are a number of ways for doing that and obviously there is organic in-house and then there is our venture organization where we're building a number of small companies who are investing in other early stage companies and so forth and building our pipelines for the future. And then finally, opportunistically, there are available opportunities where it fits our market segments and so forth, and then there is always M&A. So we are always mindful of those opportunities. It gives you a sense of how we think about each of those segments. Would you think about something completely unrelated difference? Probably not. There are too many opportunities to build or strengthen the ones we have, and their needs from a strengthening standpoint vary. Some have more need to have more breadth of product than others and some are purely opportunistic.
Miles White: Well, good news. You're right. We're not going to be a long term shareholder of Mylan. But the good news is, we don't have to sell it right away. We have the freedom to sell it. We just don't have an immediate reason to have to. So I'd say we can leave it in Mylan shares or we can leave it in cash, either way. And you ask if it had something to do with M&A. Well, obviously that might trigger it. I think it depends on what the price of Mylan is in the market and the manner in which we might market our shares and so forth. There is a couple of dynamics there, but I would confirm. No. We don't intend to be long-term Mylan holders. And well, we don't think holding this back is probably trigger of M&A activity. Maybe a little evaluation, but we're not particularly hung up on value right now. We did watch the entire Perrigo process and hoped for a path and we though until that stabilize and was finished, there was no point in being in the way of that. So that happened, that stabilized, that's finished. There is a stable market now for Mylan shares. And we'll just wait and see what triggers it. But we otherwise have no reason to move one way or other until there is some trigger like M&A, I would guess.
Miles White: Well, I'll say couple of things. First of all, we're committed to the business. And I think these are the bigger market conditions here. If you look at the markets around the world, not just the U.S. but literally every major country in the world, the markets have stabilized among competitors. Share doesn't move a lot. It does moves a little. The provisions in these spaces -- they take a new product and they experiment with it a little bit and that's about it. The innovation here is at a point where I'd say, the incremental value recognized by the healthcare system is limited. If you think about what drug code it stands for and so forth have done in the vascular space, it's been a tremendous boon in the treatment of patients. But I think now what we see is this market is far more driven by cost and prices in either countries or hospital groups and others, trying to manage the overall cost of healthcare. So I think all of us see the same dynamics where we're increasingly challenged on more value proposition than just innovation. And I think increasingly the payer, whether it's government or purchasing people or insurer, whatever it is are increasingly more influential here than preference of physicians. You say, well, those aren't very good dynamics. Well, they are not bad dynamics either. We have to compete in this business just like we compete in a lot of other businesses. And I think we and our competitors in this business are all broadening our product lines or innovating in other surrounding spaces and broadening those offerings in the space. And there is still a lot of room to innovation, but it may not be specifically just on the stents. So that - what behooves us is to expand our business and to some degree, or to a large degree, that is M&A. And in our case it's been a lot of small-ball M&A and look to expand around those businesses might require to Absorb those kind of things or incremental. Well, MitraClip is very significant that way. We look at expanding into structural heart or heart failure or other categories, and we're trying to build our breadth in those other -- let's say, surrounding spaces that way. I don't think that's very different for any of the companies in this business, worldwide. I think it's been difficult for any market that have been kind of a robust-innovation driven growth that this one did back in early 2000s. It's a different market today. It's a different market everywhere, today. So is it a slower growth market? Yes. Is it still a very attractive market? Yes. It's still a very profitable market for all participants. And it's why it gets a lot of pressure from a cost standpoint from payers, etcetera. I don't think that's a secret to anybody. So while other make it a --performance of the business and say, gee, it's a little lower expectations. I'm beginning to think its just robust adjusting our expectations to sort of a reality of the value propositions in the market today. And so I think it's a very strong business, it's a very healthy one in recent that respect. We still invest quite substantially in R&D and innovations there, and clinical trials and so forth. We get innovations that are in R&D and in the clinical space and a lot of investments around it. So would it benefit from a much broader footprint? Well, it probably would. The question is how to get to that broader footprint. And I think the current medical device space broadly defined today, there is either a bunch of big companies or bunch of little companies. There is not much in the middle. And the couple of things in the middle are extremely highly valued relative to their current performance. And I think there is a lot of speculation or question about whether or not that kind of value will play out. So it will just evolve in little time. We've made a lot of investments in a smaller companies or segments, as you know, whether Tendyne or Cephea or others to expand our footprint here. So I think -- I believe in medical device space right now and long term, but I don't think it will be the same kind of space it was10, 15 years ago.
Miles White: Well, that implies it wasn't before. I would say the device space has always been high on my priority list. And whether its -- the vascular space or the optic space or whatever, this has been high on priority list for a while.
Miles White: Yes let me deal with your Venezuela question first and then I'll let Brian wrap up with, close on what he just said about our growth rate. You know you could be dead right about Venezuela, I don’t know but here is the difference for us. We’re healthcare company and among our businesses there are products that are medically necessary and we have to pay attention to medically necessary. We don’t have to lose money all the time, we don’t have to be irrational, for whatever reason but we’re mindful that we’re a healthcare company. We’re mindful that we have medically necessary products. We’re mindful that we’ve been in Latin America and in Venezuela for decades and a lot of times in the past in decades, foreign companies have exited those countries immediately when the economics turned sour. And the long term commitment to that continent, the governments of those countries and the healthcare systems of those countries, they know that and they recognize that. Abbott has never done that in 90 years in Latin America and we are a fundamentally large healthcare provider in Latin America. So our judgment was to make these decisions one step at a time as we see how circumstances develop. It’s a pretty big decision that we’ve taken just to say we’re going to take the sales and profit expectations out of our expectations for the year so that our investors, frankly you’re getting news today that we’re taking it out of our expectations right, and yet all I’m trying to do here is de-risk your expectations, de-risk your riding the roller coaster volatility here with that particular country, because that one’s unique. And so we just chose to take it out of the estimates because we know we’re going to continue to have medically necessary products there but that’s going to be in our view at a much lower promotional level even in the past. So for right now I think that’s the right prudent place to be for that change I suppose anything to change. I hope the change is more favorably frankly but I’m not listening through the graveyard, I just know that they are in a very tough circumstance as a country and they are volatile, they are unpredictable and it’s not a very reliable market as markets go. So I think this is the right step, you could say we shouldn’t just go a lot further and I’d say you know you could say that if you were just in some common industrial consumer or whatever good but I don’t think as an healthcare company you can quite do the same things. So, I think we have to be a little prudent here about the medically necessary part, that’s why we’re where we are. And Brain you can address Rick’s final comment about underlying growth rate.
