Scott Leinenweber: Thank you and good morning. Thank you for joining us. I’d like to apologize here at the start for the late start - we had a few difficulties with the phone connection. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2018. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott’s operations are discussed in Item 1a, Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.  Please note that fourth quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today’s conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott’s ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com.  Unless otherwise noted, our 2017 commentary on sales growth refers to comparable operational sales growth, which adjusts the 2016 basis of comparison to include results for St. Jude Medical and to exclude the impact of exchange, the current year and historical results for Abbott’s medical optics and St. Jude’s vascular closure businesses, which were divested during the first quarter of last year, as well as the current year sales for Alere, which was acquired on October 3, 2017. Comparable growth also reflects a reduction to St. Jude’s historic sales related to administrative fees paid to Group Purchasing Organization in order to conform with Abbott’s presentation.  With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Miles.
Scott Leinenweber: Yes Mike, I would just chime in - there are a couple but they’re relatively modest. As you know, St. Jude had a battery recall in the fourth quarter of last year which suppressed that baseline a bit, and we had a little bit of timing in EPD, but other than that, that’s about it. Our organic growth would be around 7% this quarter - really strong.
Scott Leinenweber: Yes Joanne, as you recall, we launched first in deep brain stimulation products in the fourth quarter of last year, to Miles’ point. Obviously the business is coming off a great year - we’re number one now in the chronic pain segment. We do expect to capture more share next year. The market is growing in the low teens and we expect to grow faster than that.
Scott Leinenweber: We’ve gained some share back in adult - that’s nice to see. I think the team’s done a terrific job in the ped market, and we remain the clear leader in that market. At this point, as Brian said, we’re not relying on price. I think there’s a clear value proposition to be marketed out there, and we haven’t tried to stretch that, nor will we. 
Scott Leinenweber: Thanks Larry. Yes, I think on CRM, you’re about right - we would expect something in the low single digits on that front. To your point, Confirm, really great opportunity. Obviously we’re still early in the launch of that, first quarter. The feedback, though, we’re getting from physicians on that one is very positive. This is the only device out there that’s smartphone compatible, so there’s a big benefit on the patient side of it as well. Your forecast on that one, I think seems reasonable as well.
Scott Leinenweber: Yes, I think that’s a fair characterization. Generally when it’s quiet, things are going good in emerging markets, and it’s been fairly quiet. We did deliver double digit growth in emerging markets this quarter. To Miles’ point, there’s a lot of strong fundamentals in those markets that would point towards growth going forward.
Scott Leinenweber: Yes, I would just say, look, we launched pretty much right at the end of the year. Obviously there was very modest sales in the fourth quarter number there. Without giving a number, I would say the strips are basically tracking right with our expectations. I think Miles had mentioned a quarter or so back when asked what a reasonable estimate for year one sales would be, and it was agreed upon it’d probably be in the $50 million to $100 million range, and that’s still where we sit today.
Scott Leinenweber: Very good. Well, thank you, Operator, and thank you for all your questions. That concludes Abbott’s conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 am Central time today on Abbott’s Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11:00 am Central time via telephone at 404-537-3406, pass code 8277348. The audio replay will be available until 10:00 pm Central time on February 7. Thank you for joining us today.
Miles White: Yes, I’ll tell you, look - the forecast we put out, it’s a strong forecast. It just is, I mean relative to peer groups, competitors, segments, the whole thing, and even relative to us. To be honest, even looking at that, yes, I feel pretty confident about it. I don’t know the unknown, I don’t know what exchange may or may not do - that’s always unpredictable, but based on everything we know at this point, my view is yes, 6 to 7, and probably closer to the high end of that. If I look at the underlying performance of the business and in different segments, and I’ll just recap some of this, the drag on some of the growth here has been in nutrition, and even that is sequentially improving. The situations that we’ve seen that have set that business back a little bit have all improved and are all improving, so I think first of all, that’s a good omen. Secondly, in all the other areas, take EPD, very sustainable growth. They had a very strong fourth quarter - I think it was 14%. I don’t expect 14 for the whole year ’18, but let’s face it - they’re running strong. Then I look at diagnostics and devices and they’ve both got just a tremendous bunch of new product launches, and they’re not flash in the pan product launches. These are going to sustain growth over a number of years because these are big and broad product launches. The Alinity product launch, I think is going to make a big, significant difference in diagnostics. I think we’re going to see increasingly better performance out of Alere. But look, Alinity is across six segments of diagnostics, so I think that’s a pretty sustained momentum. They’ve been doing a terrific job, frankly, in the 6 to 8% growth range with a lot of, I’d say, aging systems and older systems, and now they’ve got an entirely brand-new product line out there in all categories, so I think that bodes well. Then, I finally look at the whole cardiovascular device area. You’ll recall, Mike, many people challenged whether St. Jude was really growth, and there was a lot of grumbling a year ago about that acquisition. Sequentially over the course of this year, St. Jude’s going from first quarter 2.4% to 4% in the second quarter, 4.2% in the third quarter, and 10% in the fourth quarter. I won’t tell you that I think 10% is sustainable for the year, but they had a 10% fourth quarter and they didn’t have to stretch to do it, and the product launches and approvals, mainly the product approvals particularly in the U.S. that I forecasted to you in both July and October, all happened, and there was some skepticism about that because of the situation in Somar but, frankly, our team has done a terrific job in Somar and a terrific job communication with our U.S. regulators, and we got all those product approvals and those launches are all out of the blocks and going well. So you know, knock on wood - I looked into 2018 and it all feels remarkably strong and sustainable, and I think that’s terrific. Tax reform was a nice boost, and there’s a lot of things here that are all looking up. Then I finally come to Libre, which--you know, I enjoy the fact that every time something is announced with Libre, it’s a surprise to somebody because everybody seems to have such low expectations for it, and I think we’re going to continue to surprise people in that category. We’re investing several hundred million dollars in expansion. This is a big product. I think you estimated at one point $50 million to $100 million in the U.S. this year - I think that’s a good range of estimate. But you know, frankly, it’s going strong. We’re adding probably 50,000 customers a month right now and that’s increasing, and that was primarily Europe. That doesn’t even reflect much U.S. yet. So as we came out of the fourth quarter, the growth rate of that product is just tremendous and we’ve got a series of enhancements and approvals and additions to it coming that only make it better. As I said, it’s not an niche product - it’s a mass market product, because there are tens of millions of Type 1 diabetics, and frankly the same in Type 2s trying not to be Type 1 diabetics, and I’m one of them, so I wear the product, I live the product, I know the product, and I think this product has a long track road ahead of it. So as I look at all the growth drivers of the company and then some of the elements of St. Jude, like neuromodulation and structural heart and other things, I think there is just an awful lot of growth here. So I go into ’18, I look at the numbers that we forecasted, and yes, I feel pretty confident about it, so at this point I’m looking at the success we’re having with cash flow and the balance sheet, investment in expansion, investment in capacities, investments in R&D and SG&A, which I put more money into, and everything looks pretty good. 
Miles White: Yes well, it’s not trapped anymore. It’s terrific to have access to it, I have to say. I’m pleased with where tax reform came out. As a multi-national and a company that had a lot of debt in the last two years because of the acquisitions, I had concerns about some of the structures they were looking at, but it all turned out pretty good. I think it will stimulate a lot of growth and investment in the U.S. in particular, and you can see that in a lot of the things that companies are communicating, and the same is going to be true for us. As far as capital allocation, Brian mentioned in his remarks we were up to a gross $28 billion of debt because of our acquisitions of St. Jude and Alere, and a little bit of lingering debt we had just over time, and we just paid off $4 billion of that so we’re down to $24 billion. Over the next six months, we’ll pay off probably $3.5 billion to $4 billion more, and we’ll be down to $20 billion by the end of ’18. The cash flows in the company are strong. Brian’s run a program with our EVPs to be very conscious of cash generation, and that’s been extremely successful, and our cash flows and profits and so forth right now are as strong as they’ve ever been. So as I’ve said, we’re going to make a priority out of getting that cash or getting that debt down to a more balanced level. We will--we’ve already exceeded the targets that the rating agencies had for us, and we’ll be below--on debt to EBITDA, we’ll be below 3 at year-end, and on a net debt basis we’ll be below 2. So we’ll be in a very strong metrics position at year-end, and that puts us in, let’s say, a position to be at a more normal capital allocation viewpoint at that point. We raised our dividend in December by 6%. I’d anticipate we’ll raise it again at the end of the year probably more than that, because we like to maintain a payout ratio of a little better than 40% of EPS. So I think our capital allocation, our cash flow is strong, we’re pushing down the debt fast, faster than we anticipated by at least 18 months, so all of that right now is frankly looking quite good, largely due to the tax reform and the management of cash flow here.
Miles White: Yes, thanks Matt. Let me start with Alinity. First of all, it’s six different systems, two in particular that are in the core laboratory, one that will address transfusion, one that will address point of care testing, one that will address hematology, and one that will address molecular diagnostics, so there’s multiple dimensions to this. You’ve got approvals around the world. They’re all approved in Europe at this point. A couple are approved in the U.S. We expect more approvals the following year. We tend to be pretty much on those approvals. The menu expansions in our development have gone extremely well in the last, say, 10 to 12 months, so they’ve got very full menus, and therefore the pace of introduction can go much faster because accounts don’t really want to address change until they’ve got full menus, or close to it, so that momentum picks up. Then you’ve got to deal with the life cycle of contracts that are out there in the world. Now, today we’ve got, I want to say, 25, 26, 27,000 instruments out there in these main categories, main core lab categories, and my goal is to replace that entire base and of course take a fair amount of share over the next five to 10 years. So there’s a ramp there, there’s a scale there. It’s a significant scale, and our attention now is all about scale-up and all about pace and magnitude. This is not going to be some incremental, slow-rolling thing. It starts that way initially - it starts as a slow roll, and then it’s going to pick up tremendous momentum because it’s our intent to replace that entire base and frankly take a lot of share with it. So I think we’re in a really great position with Alinity. Our challenge now is just mass scaling as we attack that market.  On Alere, I’d say our team has done a terrific job. We have an entirely new, from Abbott, management team there. I’d say their progress in terms of integration, reorganization, etc. has gone extremely well. Literally within a couple of weeks, we reorganized the entire company into business units, fully integrated business units with management teams and so forth. I’d say that our assumption of the business has gone at warp speed and gone well. We’re ahead of schedule on literally everything, on target on our synergies. We’re ahead of our targets on sales and profit. Flu and strep seasons in the U.S. have aided that to some degree, but thus far I’d say everything is sort of on point as we’ve projected.  Beyond that, I don’t have a lot more detail to give you, other than so far, so good, and I think our transition management has been excellent. It’s been that way with St. Jude too. What we did at St. Jude, we’ve done faster at Alere, and St. Jude was pretty fast. We went through sort of the same things with St. Jude - we reorganized a lot of businesses there into fully integrated business units, we did it in the first six months. That’s usually very disruptive, but we managed to do it without disruption, and we did it with Alere in a matter of weeks, so I’d say we’re in a strong position. I’m very pleased with the management team and how rapidly it’s up to speed. We’ve got a couple of new hires on some of the business, but I’d say this team has gotten up to speed quick.
Miles White: Well, I’d say two things. We’ve still got improvement to make in nutrition, and we know that and our nutrition team knows that. We’ve had a lot of discussion about that - I’ve personally talked to our (indiscernible) around the world and so forth, and there’s no point in having your (indiscernible), we simply want to do better. I’d say even where our growth rates are right now, sequential improvement is a plus. Now, there are a number of places we’re pretty positive and pretty happy with performance. I’d say the U.S. stands out as executing really well. There’s a number of countries around the world executing well, and the ones that had difficulty are improving, so that remains a point of attention to us. I’d say in terms of the happy column, a lot of our success right now and what we’re focused on is organic growth. We’ve never had such productivity out of R&D at Abbott, and frankly so has St. Jude, and I now consider them Abbott. What St. Jude had said about their pipeline to the street over a number of years is true - they had and do have a terrific pipeline of products. We’ve gotten the approvals, we’ve closed the gaps where they had deficiencies, and there’s a lot of growth there, so what I’m particularly happy about is that the organic growth opportunity here across all of our businesses - nutrition, EPD, pharma business, the new product launches in diagnostics and devices, including St. Jude and Alere, it’s just--its broad and it’s deep, and it’s exciting to have that much innovation and new product to be launching. So our challenges aren’t so much fixing problems or deficiencies; our challenges are how fast we can scale and how fast we can run. I’m pretty confident that it’s sustainable and it’s sustainable for a long time because it is organic growth of new products, so I’m pretty happy about that. I’m not out looking for M&A and I don’t have any significant M&A on the radar screen - in fact, I don’t have any M&A on the radar screen because I want to hit those debt targets by year-end. Our targets are more aggressive than the ratings agencies. I want to get back to where our capital allocation flexibility is as flexible as it’s ever been, and I want to get their fast and I’m going to get there fast.  So you know, I think our challenges are how to keep the pedal down on that growth, because all of these businesses have opportunities at the same time and some of it is some fairly significant scale-up, and Libre is a tremendous opportunity. It’s a mass market product and it’s unlike any other medical devices. Medical devices by nature are sort of niche therapies - this one is not, and this one has a totally different rhythm to it, and the pace of scale and the magnitude of opportunity is more like tech than it is med-tech. That’s an interesting challenge for us, it’s a positive challenge, it’s a good challenge, and fortunately we’ve got such strong cash flow, we can afford the capital investment that we want to spend while we’re paying down our debt and paying our dividend and so forth. So I mean, as challenges go, that’s a pretty nice set of challenges. You don’t lose sleep on those.
Miles White: Well nice try - I don’t give guidance that far ahead. Yes, it’s a good question. I have seen that a number of companies have dropped through quite a lot of tax benefit to the bottom line, and frankly I expect to see that. I mean, there are some industries and some businesses that really benefited from tax reform. If the primary source of your sales and profits is the U.S., obviously you got a really demonstrative benefit. If you’re a multi-national or you had a lot of debt or something, it’s not as demonstrative; but now having said that, we’ve dropped through some of that tax benefit into our EPS, and I think that’s reflected in our guidance this morning. I did direct a significant amount of the benefit from tax into R&D and SG&A, and I think that’s warranted given not only the new product launches and how fast we want to run with some of these, but--so I’ve directed some of the benefit to increased R&D investment, and you can imagine--I mean, I’ve directed some of that at diabetes care and Libre, I’ve directed some of that at neuromodulation and other cardiovascular products, I’ve directed a fair bit of it at SG&A expansion and so forth. When you’ve got these kinds of opportunities, you’ve got to invest in them and put fuel behind them, and fortunately tax reform has given us that ability.  We will spend some of that money investing in manufacturing in the United States as it’s predicted that that would happen. We will - I won’t tell you where or what products and so forth, because I don’t want to forecast that to competitors and so forth, but in fact the U.S. will benefit, as will some locations overseas where we’ve got already existing capability, facilities, expertise, etc. But we are directing a fair amount of this to help ensure we’ve got not only a sustainable product pipeline and rapid innovation and enhancements to products, but that we’re also doing our best in marketing areas and so forth to maximize the opportunity that’s in front of us as rapidly as we can. We don’t want to think about it so incrementally, because I think sometimes when you’ve got these new products and opportunities, you’ve got to go hard and fast, and I think when you do that, you establish a better share position, a better market position, a better use position with customers, regulators, etc., and that’s much more sustainable over time. So as you ask me, I think if we get our job done particularly in the areas where we just--you know, that I’ve just highlighted, which is a lot, I think our growth rates are pretty sustainable. We start every year with a double digit earnings growth target, and as we’ve indicated this year on an apples-to-apples comparable growth basis, we expect 6 to 7%, and I’m in the upper half of that range in my beliefs. But I’d like to see that growth rate increase, even substantially going forward. We’re always trying o be double digit earnings. I’m not concerned about having a double digit earnings growth rate on a sustainable basis for the next few years. I want to drive the top line so that I can sustain that at an even higher rate, and that’s where my focus is.
Miles White: Well, I’d say slower than St. Jude. St. Jude, as you all remember it, it went through about a four or five-year period where it didn’t have much growth and the street was unhappy with that, and it even missed its earnings targets a couple of times. What they were right about was they had a robust R&D pipeline and a product pipeline, and they were right about that and I think the people that led and managed St. Jude should feel vindicated about that. We do, because there was a fair amount of concern and criticism when we acquired St. Jude, but frankly as you can see in the numbers, there’s growth here and there’s going to be growth here, and it’s not just small incremental growth . It’s significant, and I’m really happy with the performance of St. Jude. I think Alere is a little longer story. The company had a lot of internal operating challenges. It hadn’t been invested in, so I think pipelines are going to take a little longer to develop. I think restoring the cohesiveness of performance of functions in the business, in some of the business, it’s going to take a little longer. So I expect Alere to emerge, I’m going to say over two to three years, because we want to put more investment into new products, refreshing products, R&D, SG&A, etc. We do have some rationalization to do - that doesn’t mean restructuring, that means the integration of those functions and businesses, and figuring out what are old products, what are new products and so forth.  I think Alere will be a little slower emergence than St. Jude has been. St. Jude sort of exploded on the scene here over one year, and I don’t think Alere will explode on the scene but I don’t think Alere is going to be flat either. I think we believe there’s a lot of growth here in this entire rapid diagnostic and point of care space. I think there’s a lot of growth, and I think that growth is sustainable over many years, but I don’t think it’s going to be--I’m not going to be telling you the same story about Alere at the end of the year. At the end of ’18, I’m going to tell you we had a good year, it tracked better than we thought, it’s showing growth. I’m going to tell you all those things at year-end, I’m pretty sure, and we love the underlying assets and products and so forth. I mean, that’s all going to be true, but I think operationally it’s going to take a little longer to get this back on an investment cycle in products and launches and so forth that we’ll want to see.  The good news is we’ve got so many other opportunities at the same time that I think it’s nicely staged. You don’t want everything to show up at the same time, so I think it’s nicely staged to help sustain the growth in diagnostics while they're dealing with the scale-up of Alinity.
Miles White: You know, Joanne, I think the fundamentals underlying the markets drive an awful lot of the growth. You know, the managers in that business and I sort of have this ongoing debate - I’m always chronically dissatisfied and they’re always telling me, hey look, we’re really growing fast here. But the fact is the underlying dynamics of the market drive a lot of the growth because we’ve selected markets and countries, emerging markets in particular that have growth characteristics which I characterized in my remarks. So the underlying fundamentals of those markets are all very positive in terms of growing healthcare systems, growing middle class, spending on healthcare, etc., but succeeding in those markets requires a certain amount of presence and strength and scale, meaning you want to be in the top five competitors in most of these markets. China is a little different, but you want to be in sort of the top five competitors. You want to have very broad product lines and you want to have some depth in various therapeutic categories, and you want to have a strong brand. I think our teams around the world have done a super job at that, and I think there’s countries where we believe we can do even better, a lot better.  So I’d say, first of all, the underlying dynamics are strong. We’ve put a fair amount of emphasis in renewing and broadening our products. We’ve put a lot of attention into our own, let’s call it development productivity, registration productivity, etc. We’re putting more and more investment into India and our distributor organizations to do just that, because we believe we can and should. We’re putting a lot of attention on gross margin management to improve our gross margins, whether in procurement or things that we source from third parties that we should do ourselves, and so forth. So there’s a lot of emphasis on margin improvement, and frankly the margin is already good, better than good, but we know that there’s opportunity to improve it still further. A lot of people think of generics as commodity, generics that don’t make much money. These are branded generics where the brand matters. It’s sort of an OTX type thing in a lot of these markets, and we make pretty good profits here, so the characteristics of these markets have been that. That said, the last couple quarters had some anomalies that bumped these numbers up and down. We went through a couple of disruptions in India, for example, which is a big part of our business, where we went through the demonetization issue and then the GST tax thing. We actually managed that really well, I think, but that affected inventory management by wholesalers and distributors, which are a big part of our business system here. So sometimes I think we’re going to see some of these quarters look very up, and other times they’re going to be a little less up, but they’re always up. You know, I think--I don’t think the 14% we saw in the fourth quarter is something we expect every quarter. If it starts to happen three or four quarters in a row, I’m going to be back with my managers, saying I think you were a little conservative, but I think it’s a double digit grower. I think it’s easily sort of 9 to 11% on a very sustainable basis on the sales line, so a lot of that is fundamentally in the markets and then we’re pressing to kind of broaden our product lines and gain share because of the way we manage the business.
Miles White: Yes, let me just add one comment to that. As you plan a year, we all can calculate what we believe our tax reform impact is going to be given our geographic mix and so forth, as you know, and then there’s exchange. If you’re a multi-national, you’ve got a lot of currencies to deal with. It’s not so predictable. The exchange happens to us a lot of times, so we try to prepare for that with hedges. That said, going into the year, what we chose to do was say, listen, we’re going to put some of the tax benefit from tax reform into the EPS, and we’re going to put some of it into investment, as I described earlier, because that we can forecast, we can predict, it’s knowable.  Exchange isn’t so knowable, so if exchange continues to benefit us, there’s really not enough time in a given quarter or year to reliably invest back the benefit of exchange, so the likelihood is if exchange runs better than we forecasted at this point, the investor is likely to see some of that. Obviously we hedge some of it to protect the stability of earnings, but you can’t hedge it all, so if we are favorable, yes, you’ll probably see it.
Brian Yoor: This is Brian. I think those are the right assumptions. We’re right on with our synergies as we’ve tracked. We’ve always said $500 million by 2020. We had a great year, we executed very well. We integrated and achieved our synergies, expect that to continue, and that’s incorporated into our guidance. As Miles discussed earlier, we’re very excited about the acceleration of top line growth here, and there’s a lot of opportunities and I think the continued growth and sequential growth momentum ’18 over ’17 should be accretive to the operating margins, not only for that business unit but for Abbott as well.
Brian Yoor: Sure. On the U.S. side, you asked about the price, and I would just say we’ve never historically really relied on price. It’s about volume, and we had a great year in our pediatric business in the U.S., and that’s all about share capture in the infant milk formula market part of the pediatric business, with innovations that we introduced, and we want to continue staying to be a share leader there. But also, bright spots there in that pediatric portfolio are Pedialyte and Pediasure, which also have done quite well in the U.S. and are great brands for us.  Then I think the story in the adult is we knew we had some adjustments to make. We’re making the right adjustments. We know we have some innovations coming and we’re seeing sequential improvement even here in the fourth quarter ’17, and we want to continue to sustain that momentum and compete on share and market expansion on the adult, because we just typically hadn’t relied on price in the U.S., or anywhere for that matter. 
Brian Yoor: Sure. Let me take the exchange question. As always, it’s early in the year, so we’re reluctant to necessarily flow what’s through there. It’s a little modest. We know we have the hedge there, so we have a modest impact from the sales I quoted. You know, I think Miles has said this before - let’s see how things go. If rates hold and things pan and history is an indicator, it’s similar to last year, we may see some of those flow through; but I think it’s just too early. There’s a lot of events that we watch throughout the year. Go ahead, Miles.
Brian Yoor: Sure. As I mentioned earlier, the range we got was 14.5 to 15% for ’18. There’s a lot of moving parts to tax reform. I’d just note that regulations are still being formed, interpretations are ongoing, but from where we sit today, we believe we should generally be in the same ballpark of this range and we’ll provide further updates as we learn more too, as the tax laws unfold here. 
