Robert Ford: Yes. Bob, this is Robert here. As you're aware, under Miles' leadership the last 20-plus years, Abbott's been reshaped several times. I was close to him and to the Board when we went with this last reshaping of the company to really position and align our businesses to kind of high-growth markets, geographies, et cetera. And as Miles said, it wasn't just the acquisition piece of it, which was important, but it was also how we looked at our internal R&D, our internal innovation and how we thought about it. So obviously, with the transition here as CEO, there's the natural question of the incoming, do they think differently? Is there a change in strategy? Is it a different way of thinking? And I can tell you, I'm very much aligned with Miles. We see things very similar as it relates to our strategy, how we operate, the philosophy of the company, the vision we have for Abbott. And in the last 18 months, for me in particular, to be kind of close to Miles during this transition period, being closer to him with his mentorship and learning how he has been able to kind of create value, as you referenced in the beginning there, that leaves me with my #1 priority to do that is to really execute, as Miles said, on these organic growth opportunities we have.  And we have multiple growth drivers, as you know, Bob, that, in my opinion, they're in their very early stages. Whether it's Libre, the Alinity rollouts, our rejuvenated cardiovascular portfolio, I think we've got a great opportunity in our adult international nutrition business; our branded generic pharmaceutical business in the emerging markets, which is a very unique strategy. So I look at all of that, and your question of how sustainable is this? I think all these opportunities are in the early stages here. And it's really going to be up to me and the team here to make sure that we maximize on all of these opportunities. So we've got a portfolio that's aligned to the biggest areas of medical need, attractive geographies. As Miles said about the pipeline, it's a very rich pipeline. We talk about how this pipeline has evolved and how we haven't seen as rich as a pipeline at Abbott in a long time. And it's a nice cadence also. It's not just a kind of one and done. We've got multiple kind of rollouts here.  Our -- the way we operate is very strong. Miles talked about our culture. We set high aspirations for ourselves, and we do have a culture of accountability of execution. And then you layer that in with 100,000 of colleagues around the world that are passionate. They care about what they're doing. They believe in what we're doing. They believe in our strategy. I think we've got all the elements here to be able to sustain this kind of growth rate going forward. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So on Libre 2, specifically last October, I mentioned that we were working through a handful of issues. Quite frankly, we encountered these handful of issues in other parts of our businesses too. So it's nothing that for us is terribly surprising. It's normal. I'm not going to go into any of the real specifics here. But what I will say, Bob, is that since that time in October, I'm very pleased with the progress that we've made. And I continue to be very confident in Libre 2 and its performance and the product itself and in its iCGM label.  So regarding the guidance on Libre 2, what I can tell you is that we've got a lot of growth. We -- our guidance contemplates a lot of Libre growth. So we're not necessarily differentiating here between 1 and 2. But if you look at our Q4, we had a great Q4 with Libre, and that's without Libre 2 in the U.S. It was a great way to exit and to enter 2020. As Miles said, we're the market leader in CGM in revenue and in the amount of patients, and we're growing at twice the rate.  Our strategy here has always been -- Miles talked about challenging some of the paradigms. It has always been, from the moment we launched, to look at this as a more kind of consumer retail, kind of Web shop online play here. So when you look at our Q4, you don't see that kind of big Q4 spike and then drop in Q1, which you usually see from kind of medical benefit DME products. Our growth is very kind of consistent and sequential.  The U.S. has done very well in the year. Obviously, we want to do better, but we exited the year with well over 0.5 million patients in the U.S. We set up some goals for 2019 as it relates to distribution, payer coverage in the U.S., formulary positions. And we exited 2019 exactly where we wanted to be with all of those goals all favorable to Libre.  So our focus in the U.S. in 2020 here is really to take advantage of what we've established in terms of the infrastructure and drive demand. So you'll see more TV advertising. You'll see more sales force expansion. You'll see more partnerships and execution of those partnerships. You'll see more sampling. And I think that, that same momentum that you see in the U.S. is also there in our international markets, which is obviously a much larger base for us, and we saw great momentum in Q4.  So our 2020 here is really focusing on international markets is expanding Libre into geographies that we haven't yet launched. We were capacity constrained in 2019, so there are several markets that we haven't launched. And we've put in place now plans to roll Libre into those new geographies and roll out Libre 2 into some of those Libre 1 markets.  One thing I think is important to kind of put front and center here is the clinical aspect of Libre. It is the most studied CGM right now. And if you look at the data, whether it's our data, whether it's real-world evidence data, whether it's third-party government-sponsored trials, they all say the same thing, which is people that use Libre have better outcomes. They live better. Their A1c drops. Their hypo drops. Their rate of hospitalization goes down. So the value proposition that we've always envisioned for Libre, not only is it intact, but we actually see it growing. It's an easy-to-use, intuitive, consumer-friendly product that delivers the outcomes that are real and measurable, and it's priced for mass adoption. It's affordable.  We always saw the therapy benefit not only for type 1s and for pumpers. We saw this therapy benefit for people that were on one-shot-a-day insulin, oral med patients. So we always looked at this market to be 80 million to 100 million people. Now is it going to penetrate all 100 million people? That might be a little bit too aspirational. But what I would say is that is it more than 2 million, 3 million, 5 million, 10 million people? Absolutely. And that's how we're building our strategy: investing in the product, investing in awareness and investing in the scalability so we can capitalize on this opportunity. 
Robert Ford: So Robbie, I'll take that. On MitraClip, listen, we had a great quarter, had a great year. And as Miles said in his comments, about $700 million product growing at 30%. And the interesting thing here is that the penetration of the therapy is only at about 5%, right? So we see a long opportunity.  I talked about MitraClip being a multiyear, multibillion-dollar opportunity here, and there's several elements to that. CMS reimbursement is an important building block. We expect that sometime in Q2. But I've always said that it was more than just the CMS reimbursement for the indication expansion we got. We know that we need to be able to penetrate the therapy. We need to open new centers, make it more available to do that. We need to hire more reps, invest in field clinical teams to be able to get that penetration. And we've also invested in a lot of clinical evidence and building clinical evidence here. We just recently announced our study to investigate MitraClip in moderate-risk surgical patients.  So again, we've been investing to build this market. And obviously, MitraClip gets a lot of attention in the Structural Heart portfolio. But if I take a step back here, I think it's important that we look at -- we've always seen valvular heart disease as a big opportunity for Abbott, whether it's the demographics, whether it's the medical need. And we saw this unique opportunity with the St. Jude acquisition to put together our MitraClip capabilities with the portfolio of St. Jude and really create a stand-alone business unit that was best-in-class for Structural Heart, and we did that. And it's been about 2 years that we've done that. And I think we're seeing really the impact of the effect of a dedicated team, R&D, clinical.  And we've got a nice cadence of products coming out this year as a result of that work. We've got 2 new CE approvals that we expect this year. Miles mentioned them. TriClip, this is a modified version of our MitraClip to treat the leaky heart valve. We believe it's a big opportunity because therapy -- if mitral therapy is low, tricuspid leaky valve treatment or repair is even lower. So we know that -- we know how to build this. We did it with mitral, and we're going to go about doing it the same way, building the capabilities, the clinical evidence.  Another big opportunity we have is with Tendyne. This will be the first minimally invasive mitral replacement valve. So if you think about our team right now, we've built a lot of competency on mitral repair. And now we're going to put in the hands of this team not only the opportunity to offer repair but also a replacement solution that's minimally invasive. And I think there's a great opportunity for us in that space, too. Both those products are enrolling here in the U.S., so we do plan to bring those to the U.S.  On the aortic side, we've made investments on Portico. We knew that we needed to make some clinical and some R&D investments here to increase the competitiveness of the system. And we like the data. We think there's going to be a segment of the population, segment of the market that we will be able to compete effectively. It's under FDA review, and we expect approval shortly.  And then finally, on our structural interventions, this is a part of the portfolio that doesn't get a lot of attention here, but it's about 1/4 of our Structural Heart business. It's growing double digit. We've got great products there. We've seen a great ramp-up with our stroke prevention technology with PFO, our congenital business; and Amulet, which is right now under clinical evaluation in the U.S. for treatment of LAA.  So I take a step back here, I said, yes, MitraClip is a big growth driver. We've got a lot of things going right there. We're making the right investments from a clinical, from a commercial perspective. But I look at the portfolio that's been built here, and I'm very excited. It's very complete. It's very differentiated, and there's a nice cadence, Robbie, to the launches. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I think that we're going to continue to see this kind of rollout of the Alinity platform. The challenge we had a little bit in the U.S., and Miles talked about the progress we made, is that when we launched it in Europe, we had a more complete kind of assay menu. And that allowed us to more -- with more intentionality go after the market, the existing accounts, new accounts. And in the U.S., we've now achieved, let's say, a critical mass of assay menu, test panel, et cetera, that allows us to have that same kind of intentionality we had in Europe, have that same intentionality move into the U.S.  Q4, we did have some capital sales, so that brings up the growth rate a little bit. But I think you're going to see the same kind of growth rate in the U.S., the same kind of ramp-up that we saw in Europe. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So let's start a little bit with neuro then. I mean I think we had a tough year, full year in neuro. When we came into the year, we talked about some of the challenges we were up against, and there are really 2 we had. Obviously, the sales force expansion and some of the disruption that, that created, but we felt it was important to do to make that sales force expansion. And then some of the market declines that we saw. We've kind of seen double-digit growth in the beginning of the year, kind of saw that go to flat and even negative growth rates.  So I think the sales force expansion piece, we kind of got past that in the middle of the year. It's a unique selling model. About 30% to 35% of our sales team in the U.S. was new. It was under a year, so we spent a lot of time getting them up to speed not only with their territories but how to go about the selling process, et cetera. And I think that's largely behind us.  Now obviously, if you look at the sales reps, the ones that have 7 to 10 years of experience, they're much more productive than the ones that have got 12 months. But we're seeing a nice, steady ramp-up in terms of the productivity of those new sales reps.  And the other thing we talked about was how innovation and new product launches could kind of fuel the market growth. And I think you saw that in Q4, not only with us but even with some of the other players in the market come out with new product launches, at least what I've seen now from some of the pre-announcements, having kind of an impact there. And so we came out with our product launch, Proclaim XR, early in Q4. And I think you saw the impact of that in Q4. I think it's a modest -- it was a modest improvement. We expect more. And a lot of our focus here in 2020 is going to be to ensure that this new sales team has got innovation to sell. So we're expanding our MRI portfolio. We know we need to do. We're launching a new radiofrequency ablation generator. This is an important part of our customers' practices, and we felt that we weren't as competitive with our offering there. So we've developed a new system that will be rolling out this year.  And we also believe that programming and connectivity, connectivity to devices, consumer devices is an important aspect of patient adoption of the therapy. So we'll continue to work on how we integrate the implanted device into those more consumer products. And so we've got a nice cadence of rollouts there.  And on the CRM side, we talked about this in the beginning of last year, we had -- we encountered some challenges. And we felt that one of the things that we needed to do for the CRM side was -- is to make sure it got more focus and more attention, not only from me obviously but from the management team. So we made an organizational structure change Q1 of last year, which got finalized in Q2, where we separated the CRM business from the EP business. And we didn't do it just from a field sales perspective. We did it really across all functions. So we have a dedicated CRM business unit with a dedicated leader, R&D, et cetera. And I think you've seen some of the output of that focus in the second half of the year. I would like to see a couple more quarters strung together. So that's what we're aspiring here to.  But I think one of the biggest impacts of that focus, obviously the field has an impact, but I'm more excited about the focus on the R&D side. I think we had kind of slowed down our R&D innovation over here. And that focus, that dedicated business unit focus, I think you'll see the output of that not only in 2020, we have a couple of product launches in the U.S., a new ICD, and in Europe also, but we've got plans for a nice cadence of innovation in '21 and '22.  So I'm excited about kind of what we've done there. Obviously, it's early innings in terms of this business unit to be creating, but I like what I see. 
Robert Ford: Well, listen, we achieved a pretty strong growth rate in Q4. And that's despite some of the softness that we did see in China. We talked a little bit about it in Q3, Vijay. We've seen some improvement, but some of those dynamics are still there, whether it's the birth rate or some of the kind of competitive intensity. We have obviously developed a plan here as we were going into Q4 and going into 2020 here. A big part of that strategy to address some of those competitive dynamics there is innovation and product launches. And we've put a plan together here. We've got a nice steady steam -- stream of cadence of launches in China.  But I do think that it does point out to the strength of our Nutrition business, that we're able to post this kind of growth rate despite still some continued softness in China. And I think that speaks to the strength of the business. Miles talked about we had some very strong growth in Southeast Asia and Latin America on both sides of the business, Pediatric and Adult. And I don't think that -- I think it shows this -- China is an important market for us for sure. It has our intentions -- our attention, but we're not overly reliant on it. 
Robert Ford: Yes. As I said in Europe, I think we've had kind of good success in Europe. We've talked about winning new businesses at that 50% rate, the renewals of our existing business or retailing nearly all of that business. And I think in the U.S. right now, it might be a little bit too early just because you don't -- we really didn't have the intentionality of the launch that we had in Europe. Now that we've got a more complete menu, I think our ability to compete and our competitive fitness, let's call it that way, in the U.S. increases to the same level that we've had in Europe. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I think what you'll see is the same philosophy, the same framework that we've had for all these years, which is a very kind of balanced approach. As you've said, a lot of our focus the last couple of years has been to pay down debt. We paid down close to $10 billion over the last 2 years. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is around 1.5 now. And we've got kind of payments that are due in the next few years, and that's all kind of contemplated in our capital plan.  The other thing we're always going to have a mindful eye here, Larry, is ensuring that a portion of that capital goes back to our shareholders. Our dividend is a big part of our identity. We've increased our dividend for 47 consecutive years. This year, we just announced a 13% increase. So -- and we announced also at the end of last year a share repurchase of about $3 billion. We do that from time to time mainly to kind of offset dilution. We'll also look at our growth opportunities, and we've talked a lot about them, whether it's the rollout of Alinity, whether it's the manufacturing expansion of Libre. We just announced in Q4 a new manufacturing site, a second manufacturing site for MitraClip. Those are all great returns for our shareholders in terms of the return of that capital.  And then on the M&A side, we're not looking to do any deals right now. I think the framework that Miles has always worked, it's true to me, which is it needs to meet our threshold of it being strategic or -- and at the same time, opportunistic. And we've been looking at it a lot. We're always studying. We're always looking. And I haven't seen anything crossing the radar here that kind of falls into those 2 buckets. But we're always going to keep looking as we've always done. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I've heard this comment a couple of times now about kind of EPD or pharma business kind of being a black box or not as transparent and as -- not as understanding. I mean I will say here the biggest focus of this business is taking opportunity of the geographic dynamics, right? You can either have a proprietary pharmaceutical business, a little bit more higher cost versus a pure generic business, which is obviously very, very cheap. Our branded generic business kind of sits between those 2 bookends.  I come from an emerging market, so I can tell you that when we buy medications, it's not reimbursed. So you pay for it out of pocket. And you're willing to pay a little bit of a premium to ensure that what you're getting is high-quality product. And I think that that's what this business has been built on, is taking advantage of that dynamic of this population in these markets, growing with their disposable income and allocating some of that to their health care costs on brands that they trust. And that's what we've been building over these years.  A key driver of this strategy here is you need to be -- you need to have the breadth and the depth in your therapy classes. So we have comprehensive portfolios in the geographies that we're competing. They're deep in each therapy class. You need to be omnichannel. You need to be present in the doctor's office. You need to be present in the pharmacy. You need to be able to kind of communicate directly with the consumer. And you need to be local. You need to have a local R&D engine, organization and manufacturing to be able to move fast with the opportunities that you see. And I think that's at the core of our strategy.  One of the challenges in this business, as Miles has always said, is the FX piece of it. But the performance growth, we expect it to be in this kind of high single-digit growth. And a big driver of that is being in the right markets with the right infrastructure with the right products with the depth and the focus on execution. 
Robert Ford: Sure. On Heart Failure, I mean we had a very successful 2019. We achieved the destination therapy indication for HeartMate 3 at the end of '18, so that rolled into '19. So you saw the growth rate of about 20% here, Rick. That growth is predominantly driven by share gains and specifically here in the U.S. So we exited 2019, our estimation right now is, through our internal data, north of 80%. So as we go into 2020, we expect that to not be at that 20% rate now and to mirror more of what the market is growing, which is we expect to be in that mid-single-digit range. But I do believe that we've got a lot of opportunity.  I talked about cadence of innovation in our products, and one product that's come pretty quiet, but we've done a really good job there is CardioMEMS. CardioMEMS is now close to $100 million. It's growing 30%. We continue to enroll in our GUIDE-HF trial that's going to be used to open an NCD. But the outcomes there are also extremely meaningful in terms of hospitalization reductions, et cetera. So I think that'll be kind of our next driver of growth in Heart Failure, and I'm very pleased with what the team has been able to build in that business.  Going to your question on Alere, it's been a little bit of a -- we'll call it like a mixed bag here. We've had some businesses that we brought into Abbott, and I think we've done very well with them. We've accelerated their performance. If I look at the infectious disease portfolio in our developed markets, that's done very well. Yes, of course, there's some opportunity there with the flu season. But I think the team has done a really good job here expanding the portfolio and looking at those -- that installed base beyond just a flu test. And our cardiometabolics business has done very well too, growing in the high single digits, low double digits. So I think those 2 businesses, we've done a really good job with. And I think the team has done a good job on the cost side with the synergies, too.  But you have pointed out that there are some parts in the business here where we're not pleased with, we're not satisfied. Our emerging markets infectious disease segment had a tough 2019. Part of that is kind of NGO purchasing cycles and dynamics in certain markets. But we've got to do better than that. And we've implemented a strategy here to really look at other emerging markets outside of the African continent here and build the value proposition of those tests in other emerging markets.  In our toxicology business too, I don't think we've been able to kind of fully maximize the value there. And that one there has got a lot of attention, too. So we had a good Q4, a lot of focus here, a lot of good growth in the U.S. I think part of that was a little bit of the flu. But if we can get these 2 business here, our emerging markets and our toxicology business, to execute on the plans that we've put in place for them, I think you'll see that as kind of a mid-growth -- mid-single-digit kind of growth business for us.  But I look at the trend and the dynamics of these products, the opportunities we have, the strategy to get into these businesses is still very much intact also. Miles talked about more and more testing move into alternative channels. We continue to see that. And we're targeting steady improvement here. But I think the long-term growth opportunity because of that trend is very positive. 
Robert Ford: So sure. On PHP and Amulet, I mean those are still, let's say, a couple of years away. So we're still in kind of clinical evaluation of that. We'll then kind of put the information together, submit to the FDA. So I'd say your kind of normal time lines over there. So you can look at it about a couple of years away.  On the CRM side, like I said, I think the biggest opportunity we had when we changed the structure was to kind of get the innovation going. So we've got 2 product launches. We've got a new version of -- a new update to our implantable cardiac monitor planned for this year. We've got a new ICD planned again for both U.S. and Europe. And our growth expectations here are to be -- to do better than what we've been doing, steady sequential improvement. We've had some challenges. And I think that these products here will allow us to continue that sequential improvement here. So I'll... 
Robert Ford: Yes. Listen, if I take that and just talk about our model, we have a diversified model. I fundamentally believe in our diversified model. I think you've seen sequential improvement in all 4 areas over the last couple of years from a big-picture perspective. Now when you go into each one of them, can you find some areas that we can do better and we should do better? Yes, we can, and we've talked about some of those today. But that doesn't mean that we don't think there are great opportunities. That just means that we need to focus on doing better and executing better on that. So as I look at these 4 businesses, I like the businesses we have. 
