Miles White: I will try to. I would say the market in China has been in a bit of a transition for a number of months, it would appear, maybe even a little more , and it depends on who you are and what channels you are in, and so forth, depending how it affects you. We expected this year to see 7% to 8% growth in China, slightly above the GDP growth, et cetera, and what we are seeing now is flat-to-low single digits and I think some of our competitors have reported the same, so we’ve gotten some triangulation on just underlying market growth rate, but beyond that a number of dynamics are at work there. There's some pretty rapid channel shift from traditional channels, like modern trade to various e-commerce channels and so forth. And I don't think that's surprised anybody in terms of just overall trends. But the speed and magnitude of it, I think, has hit China differently than what you would see in the U.S. or other countries. And so that's been a pretty big chunk. In the process of that, what's happened is, some inventories have piled up in, let's say, traditional channels while the market's needs have been satisfied by e-commerce channels. And so the market has got to burn through that, I guess, to some degree. So we have seen growth slow. And in our case, there's been a loss of about 0.5 share point, we estimate. We are also seeing a fair amount of market and competitor reaction to the anticipated new food safety laws, which will become effective in a little over a year, in January of 2018. Those new laws will limit the number of brands per manufacturing plant for a competitor, et cetera. All products have to be re-registered and so on, and the government has got a number of goals for that. But I think what's at work here is, we are seeing a lot of competitors oversupply this market. And under those scenarios, you see a lot of discounting. So we are seeing that. We are seeing the discounting. We are seeing the channel shift. We are seeing slower growth there. I do think it's transitional. I do think it's transient, but I don't think it's going to be a quick adjustment. I am cautious for 2017 because I think that it's a little hard to predict the reaction of the many competitors and many brands in the market to these new food safety laws. So I think what we are seeing here could be with us for a while, but I think the long-term attractiveness of the market is definitely there because there aren't fewer moms, there aren't fewer babies, et cetera. But we are in kind of an odd transition period that I don't think was anticipated by the government's intent with its new food safety laws or frankly even the channel shift. So I know that's kind of a long-winded answer, but there's a lot of things kind of stacked up here happening at the same time. We have watched the results of some of our competitors and see that it's hit all of us, but all of us kind of differently depending on what channels we might be more prominent in. And taking that apart and trying to understand all the dynamics there, I would say, has been a key focus over the last couple of quarters here, and I think we have got a pretty good handle on what's happening, but I think it's going to be this way for several quarters.
Miles White: Well, I would say, first of all, you are right. It's too early to be giving 2017 guidance or even be able to be precise about it. But I would say, look, the underlying growth does continue to be strong in our businesses. Fortunately, we are very diverse, many companies, many businesses, many products, many geographies, and we are not that over-indexed in China in any particular case. So I can't say that I think the China pediatric business is going to be great growth next year but I don't think it's going to impact in a fashion the overall strength of the growth of the company globally. So I would tell you that I see the underlying growth continuing to be strong. Clearly, that will have some impact on us. But at this point, I think we are seeing great growth in our pharmaceutical business. We are in the midst of preparing to launch a number of new systems in diagnostics. FreeStyle Libre, I would say, is going gangbusters in Europe and we are looking forward to having that in the U.S. shortly. There's a lot of new product launch and approval happening. So there's a lot of drivers of growth here and frankly, I think there's a lot of growth to be seen in St. Jude as well. So I remain kind of in the same position. I know we have got a slower situation in China. But I don't see us as so over-indexed in China that that is somehow going to knock us back in a way that I can forecast for you right now that this is going to have a huge impact on the company next year. I mean, frankly, it was going to have a huge impact in a fashion, you would have seen it this quarter and we did. I mean, we have seen it in our China numbers but look at how the company performed. We exceeded our expectations yet again and owing to the strength and the diversity of the company and the strength in pharmaceuticals, the strength in medical devices. I can remember a couple of years ago, we were talking about medical devices as the weakness, not so much of the strength. So I would say the good news is we have got a lot of parts of the business that are performing well, if not better, in the midst of new product cycles and launches. And frankly, the other parts of nutrition are doing reasonably well. If you look at the U.S., which I think everybody has become accustomed to sort of ignoring in the numbers, the U.S. is having a better year than planned, better year than in a long time and it's better than solid. So there's a lot of thing happening that offset China, to some degree. So I would caution this way. I would say, look, we always start the year looking for double-digit earnings growth and yes, we will have the addition of St. Jude on top of that and as you said, Alere remains to be seen. But in any case, I am not in a position yet where I can say, No, I have got different expectations for 2017. I actually think the underlying growth continues to be strong and everything tracking according to expectations on strategic moves otherwise.
Miles White: Well, what I would tell you so far is I think St. Jude has handled all this pretty well, pretty thoroughly and not only in terms of they are taking it seriously their own investigations, the third-party consultants and investigators that they have worked with and employed. I have to say, they definitely put patient safety and patient credibility and physician credibility and the product performance and so forth first and that's right. And I think that they have done all the right things. They have been in great communication with us. And based on everything that we know, I don't see this impacting the close of the deal or the business long term. I have seen a lot of speculation in the press. And every time there's a product issue or a hiccup or whatever it may be, everybody wants to run to the headlines and speculate about the deal. I would say based on everything I see, the deal is going to close. And determined by the timing of regulatory approvals, it's probably going to close by year-end. And I haven't seen anything to date that would suggest otherwise. Regarding the performance of the company after that, I would say honestly, what I am most anxious for is for their MRI-compatible claim to be approved by the FDA in the U.S. And frankly, if you look at the rest of their businesses, they are all growing at a pretty healthy rate and particularly overseas. And I think their success overseas has demonstrated that when we do get their MRI-compatible claim in the U.S., that their recovery of share, recovery of growth rate, et cetera, there should be pretty strong. So I haven't changed my expectations about the performance of St. Jude going forward. And I could probably someday give you my opinion about the current circumstances with the cybersecurity claims and so forth, but I will keep my thoughts to myself right now and we will wait until the deal is closed.
Miles White: Well, I am going to be very limited in the comments that I am willing to make about Alere, but some of that's easy to answer. So first of all, yes, there's been a lot of noise and it's come from a lot of places, not us. And it isn't prudent for us to respond to noise. I think the questions you asked are the right questions. Is the strategic fit there? Yes, it is. We like the products. We like the businesses. We have said that and I continue to say that. Is the long-term post-merger opportunity and fit there? Yes, it is and I have never wavered on that. And I believe that right now even in this minute, right. So none of that has changed for me or for us. I believe I just told you how great I think our diagnostics business is doing. Do I think that the Alere businesses are a good fit to expand that footprint and especially our point of care business? I do. Yes. I have had no change in my view strategically that way at all.
Miles White: Yes. Okay. There's a lot there. Yes. China, I think, is about 3% of overall sales. Now that said, yes, it's a small part of the company as a whole. Nevertheless, it's an important business. It's a big business. It's a business we pay a lot of attention to. Frankly, China is an important country for us for a lot of our businesses. But it is true that in the grand scheme of Abbott, as China pediatric goes, the company isn't necessarily going to be driven by just that. So we think all of our businesses, particularly large ones and that's a large one, are important, but the diversity of the company and the size of the company, obviously, absorb shock when it happens in other parts of the company. So to your question about, are we hands on mitigating and dealing with what we think we can do with the challenges? Yes, we are. The EVP of that business is spending a lot of time in China. We have made some management and leadership changes in China in a proactive way to enhance our management, our experience, our knowledge, our skill, et cetera there. I think hope always springs eternal when you make changes in your leadership team, et cetera. But it's getting a lot of focused attention by the senior leadership team on down and in the right ways. The CFO, the Controller, everybody who's got any kind of way to have a stake in this has weighed in. We do, as a team, look at our spending allocations, our capital allocations, how we are spending, where we are spending, where the bang for the buck is, et cetera. So I think we have looked at just about everything we can, not only to specifically focus on improving the situation and the performance in China, but also how to mitigate it if it doesn't improve enough or fast enough. And so yes, it's getting a fair amount of attention that way across the company. With regard to Latin America and South East Asia, I am pleased with the progress in both places, pleased with the performance of the business, frankly pleased with the performance of the business in Europe and other places too. But I am going to be careful not to project what I think can happen in any given country because the year always starts with a certain set of expectations and then has some surprise you didn't anticipate, which is one of the reasons I always tout the diverse model because somewhere something is going to go awry or different from your expectations and no matter how tightly you manage everything. In our case, I am pleased with our management teams in the various geographies you mentioned. I think they are all doing well. We have got a lot of talent in the organization. We have made some changes where we needed to. In this particular case, our challenge in China wasn't talent based as much as market driven and a lot of dynamics that change rapidly there that we had to react to and deal with. So I think there are a number of other countries picking up slack here. U.S, surprisingly is one of them in the nutrition business. I think you can see that in the numbers in the earnings report. Vietnam, doing well, strong for us. A lot of other smaller countries doing well. Vietnam, as you know, is a big business for us in the nutrition business and we have got a terrific manager there and have had for a long time and that's doing well. So there are some places that are picking up some of the slack there. Frankly, so are other business of Abbott, like the pharmaceutical business and so forth having a great year in China and other countries and good, sustained, high-growth performance. So again, yes, it's proactive. We are mitigating. It's why we are not giving any guidance or anything at this point. As I answered Mike Weinstein earlier, the underlying fundamentals of the overall growth rates in our markets are good, but one place that sticks out right now as a challenge is the pediatric business in China, which is about 3% of the company sales.
Miles White: Well, first of all, Alere is not a sensitive subject and at this point, I am just not going to make a lot of comments about it. I would say we are pursuing all the necessary regulatory approvals for the deal and at this point, that is the path. That is the things that have to happen between now and whether a deal finishes here is regulatory approval. So all necessary approvals are being pursued. We are doing everything we are supposed to do on the contract. And beyond that, I am not going to forecast it or try to. But that's it. I can't say a lot more about Alere or express opinions or whatever. I think I have said about what I can say to Rick Wise's question and to yours. And other than that, we will work through the regulatory approvals and see what happen. With regard to AMO, we have said that the perceived dilution of that business will be offset in some fashion. So you don't need to adjust your model, et cetera. I have seen that's the basis of the question because net of all considerations here in the mix of our financing of these deals, there's enough moving parts that we won't need to absorb dilution there.
Miles White: Yes. Diabetes is definitely strategic for Abbott. There have been a number of occasions over the past, I think, five years when I have had inbound phone calls of people interested in acquiring the diabetes care business and we absolutely said no because we had a program here that started with Navigator years ago that became Libre that fundamentally changes diabetic monitoring, glucose monitoring, et cetera, that we believe is game changing, market changing, health care changing, et cetera. And we believe that the notion and the opportunity was such that we just plain had a different game plan than everybody else and that it was worth us making that core and pursuing it and we have. And we are seeing the benefit of that now with the rollout of Libre in Europe and soon a rollout in United States. And there's a lot of opportunity for Libre beyond that depending on how we develop it and how we take it. So it is strategically core to us. If you think that's kind of on my radar screen for some strategic move, take it off your screen. That is core to Abbott, will remain core to Abbott and the opportunity there, we think, is nothing but great looking forward.
Miles White: Well, you have got two franchises going here. You have got the old established legacy franchise of blood glucose monitoring and then you have got what we call flash glucose monitoring or Libre. And that older blood glucose monitoring market is clearly under both volume and price pressure and Libre is growing rapidly in Europe and we expect to grow rapidly in the United States. So at some point, we would hope that Libre would grow so significantly that it would overtake the other. So I don't expect, obviously, that kind of growth out of the base. But I think we are going to keep experiencing pretty heavy double-digit growth out of Libre for the foreseeable future. So yes, I think it drives a lot of growth. But where it crosses in the overall business is somehow double-digit. I am not sure I can project.
Miles White: Well, I would say it's interesting. We have put a fair amount of focus on gross margin, more than four or five years ago in a couple of our businesses and you can see that. You can see it in the performance. You can see it in the bottom line of those businesses. You can see it in the bottom line of the company. You can see it in those margins of the company. So we expanded those efforts across the company in a number of places. And I think what we have obviously learned from that is there's always opportunity to improve your business model, improve your cost structure, improve your gross margin, et cetera and it hasn't been done with price. It's been done with the fundamental inputs in cost and the way we do business, the way we manufacture, the way we do a lot of things. So I think there's always opportunity and we approach the business and the businesses every year with that in mind. And it's fortunate that we have because we have had some great success there in a couple of businesses particularly, which has offset the effects of exchange over the last, say three, four years which, as you know, has been pretty heavy. And without that, the company would have obviously been at a lot more profit growth pressure. So for us, it's become a routine. We look for more gross margin improvement opportunity every year. And if I look across the businesses, there are still many opportunities for us as we benchmark competitors or other models, the business models we see out there to improve the cost structure of our business in ways that are meaningful for the corporation. Included in that is even the cost of new things launching. The cost of our new diagnostic analyzers will be a tremendous improvement over the cost of our current diagnostic analyzers. And one of the ways you can affect gross margin over the long term is design it in your products and we are. So I think there's a lot of initiatives internally at the company and across businesses now that make this part of routine daily life to keep improving gross margin. I can't forecast to you right know how that will impact us. But I think in a world where you denominated in dollars and every year exchange tries to erode some of your top and bottom line, it becomes a routine part of your business to always be looking at ways to improve your margin and we do and we are and we are having a fair amount of success with that.
