Miles D. White: Okay, Jami, that may be the longest question I've ever experienced in my 13 years. The fundamental -- let me just get by way of back on the -- the fundamental basis for the separation here. And I heard a comment this morning from another analyst source that causes me to want to make sure I make the point. We've always pursued a diverse model and we believe in that model and we believe in the diversity of the business and the growth opportunities it gives us and frankly, the reliability and sustainability over time. But what’s happened here is we've been so successful in our Proprietary Pharma business over time. It's grown quite large. And frankly, arguably, I believe it will be very successful going forward. I think when the companies are split, I believe both will be valued at the top of their peer groups, but for very different reasons. In a portfolio of diverse companies, the characteristics of those businesses need to be similar. And as our Proprietary Pharma business has grown large, it has different characteristics and it's also quite dominant now in the portfolio. And I think that it's given the company clearly an identity of pharma with, oh by the way, you have these other diverse businesses. But as you can see by how we proposed to split, the company has $22 billion in a very diverse mix of similar characteristic businesses as I described, and a very successful Proprietary Pharma business that is delivering great returns and cash flows and has great potential and durability going forward, but it's a business that investors seeking return will look to. Investors who are looking for a large cap diverse double-digit grower aren't necessarily looking for the same type of investment identity as pharma. So what happens here as the pharma piece got so big and is different, that these 2 investments make sense separately and both are of a critical mass and size that they have great sustainability going forward as independent companies, et cetera. And as we divide them, their characteristics, their P&Ls, their balance sheets, et cetera, are quite different. The capital structure, I'll have Tom deal with in just a minute, but both have strong cash flows, both have strong pipelines of products, arguably, they're different. One is dependent on big products, one is dependent on hundreds or thousands of products over time. The diverse company will be dependent on a lot of market growth and international expansion.  The pharmaceutical company is still quite heavily a developed market company and it will too have emerging market opportunities, but it's very much a developed market game. So they become very different. And I think that both will be valued more accurately or frankly, appreciated more by investors. And I think we'll see that we attract investors who haven't been in our company or haven't invested in our stock, as we allow them the choice of these 2 distinct identities. I think there's opportunity for operating margin expansion and gross margin expansion, particularly in the diverse company. I think visibility to margins in the pharma company, what will compare quite favorably to its peer group. I think you'll see that. With regard to the overhead question you asked, I would say we're always looking at the opportunity to be more efficient. And given the distinctive separation of the companies, that is something that we will look at because there's a different mix for the pharma business and a different mix for the international-based diverse products business, and we will be looking for those opportunities to be a lot more efficient. That's about all I'd say about that at the time. But at this point, I think... [Audio Gap]
Miles D. White: Yes, we'll go into more on it on Friday, Mike. But actually, let me correct you. Nutrition has grown double digits outside the United States and frankly, I do expect even more acceleration from the businesses particularly as we expand the footprint in emerging markets and internationally. So I do expect not only acceleration of the sales but also acceleration of the bottom line. And those programs are underway. But this is the -- the performance and elements are there now and we are seeing that. At any given point in time, one country or another, is going to look different than the mix of the whole. But yes, we can talk about that more on Friday.
Miles D. White: Yes you'd be right about overall but the international piece has doubled in size in the last 5 years, and we can back into that growth rate, that's clearly double digits.
Miles D. White: I'm going to enjoy answering that one. Let me address the why now. There's actually method in the madness as to why now. As you know, we acquired Solvay and Piramal and we went through an integration process. And then frankly, a separation process internally of our Proprietary Pharma business and our Established Pharmaceutical business which are very, very different businesses. So we had kind of a double task there of not only the integration of the legacy Abbott businesses, but also those 2 new ones and not to mention our additional agreement with Zydus in India, which enhanced our product lines. But there was a process there to establish that infrastructure and stabilize all of that and separate the 2 pharma businesses. That is essentially complete. And that was necessary work to do regardless. But we needed that to be complete and we also wanted some of our pipeline initiatives on the Proprietary Pharmaceutical side to have been completed. And frankly, our internal organic pipeline to have advanced in order to be at a point of what we would consider to be readiness. Those are the primary drivers of why now. I don't think we'd have been ready a year ago and I think we are ready now. We've got the positioning and a lot of the work done, so that the difficulty of separation, frankly, has -- a lot of it's been done and it's ready to go. So there's no real point in waiting now as we get on with it. With regard to unlocking, as you might guess, I've looked at more investment banker and consultant and other presentations and estimations and so forth of the so-called unlocking of value. I would not venture an estimate or a guess because I've been here long enough to have seen a PE of a company in the high 20s and a PE in the low teens or whatever. You can talk about unlocking value. But at the end of the day, the background of what's happening in a marketplace with the values of companies as a whole, of the economy as a whole can clearly affect that up or down. Do I think investors will realize or see or recognize higher value on both sides of the company as separate companies? I do. I think investors will appreciate both companies more than is the case today because I think there will be a lot greater appreciation and attraction to investors who focus on these 2 very different investment profiles. The same investor doesn't invest in both profiles necessarily and vice versa. So I think we'll see appreciation for both companies. But what happens in the overall marketplace over time, I don't know. So I wouldn't venture a guess. I leave that to you guys.
Miles D. White: Okay. Let me deal with the first part, did we consider a selling? I think the obvious here is, first of all, that would take a long time. And secondly, the tax on a sale like that and whether there was somebody that was interested in such a thing is prohibited. Now, I have to tell you, I think we've got 2 long-term sustainable companies here. We have no interest in selling. We have no intention to sell. We're not looking to sell it or merge it with something else, et cetera. We think we've got the best path for investors here, which is 2 independent companies going forward that both have great cash flow, profits, growth prospects, et cetera, depending on the company here. But they're 2 different investments. And I think that, for investors and for the sustainability of these investments, is the right path for both companies. Otherwise, I don't think we're doing the right thing if we just try to sell it. That doesn't strike me as the right path here at all, which is why we believe the path of separation and letting investors appreciate each country -- company appropriately is the right path. With regard to the last call or whatever that you're referencing, the call at the time or the question at the time was a focus on Nutritionals. And the point I tried to make at the time and let me be clear, this was in our planning and preparation for some time. This is not some knee-jerk reaction to the last few months or years even. We have been considering what is the appropriate long-term disposition of the company or companies for several years. Obviously, I can't speculate about that to analysts or investors on any given call. But as you know, analysts speculate to me. So when they speculate to me publicly about, for example, in this case nutrition, one thing I feel obligated to do sometimes is disabuse us of the notion of some path that may not be correct. And that isn’t correct and it wasn't correct at the time. I do think what I reflected or intended to reflect at the time was kind of the precursor to this notion of investors will appreciate the parts of the company differently. There is a different investment identity to different parts of the company. And I think that the notion that the different parts of the company weren't being appreciated that way or different investors weren't seeing it that way was clearly in those comments, and that's probably the tone you heard. But the answer to that which I think you see today, I think is the right answer. I don't think it's to just break things up into little pieces. I do believe there is value in the diversified model that is Abbott. We believe that fundamentally and I think that's been proven out over decades. But I also note that the characteristics of the elements of that diverse model do have to have a common or complementary characteristics and balance. And the big distinction here is, it was our Proprietary Pharma business that did so well and dominated the identity of the company over time. And not only were we out of balance, but the identity of that business is very different as it evolved. So what we ended up with is 2 very distinct, successful pieces. And the notion that nutrition was, the proper piece of that was the part that I didn't agree with because it's very consistent with a lot of the characteristics of the rest of the company, the growth prospects, et cetera, at the time it was being compared to a PE of a competitor. Now, I think all of us in this industry would love to have the PE of that competitor. Who knows how sustainable any of these PEs are over time. But I think that the mix as we’ve described it today is correct, given our strategy as a diverse company in healthcare with a particular balance. So I don't think this is at all inconsistent, Tony, with what the tone I communicated at the time. I think it's frankly very consistent. But at the time, I couldn't say to you, hey, good idea but you got the wrong business, that you carved out here. That's kind of the essence of this. That the notion at the time, the question I got was more a notion of, are you sure all of this mix fits together? That's how I would take it. And the hypothesis was, gee, the nutrition was the one you could carve out. I think the notion had merit. I think the Proprietary Pharma business is the one that has the distinctly different identity and I think this makes sense today.
Miles D. White: Well, I think 2 things. First of all, I think that the -- this split is not about confidence around HUMIRA. It's around the identities of the businesses as I described earlier. I agree with you that the company is underappreciated and perhaps undervalued, but I don't know any CEOs out there who wouldn't claim that their companies are undervalued. I think the entire sector may well be undervalued. The entire stock market could be undervalued. It depends on your perspective for the business, it depends on your perspective of the development of international markets, it depends on your perspective of a lot of things. I'd support your notion that we're undervalued. But I think the notion of a split here, it has the right merit, logic, given our intent regarding the investment identities of the company and what belongs in the diverse mix. At the end of the day, the questions around HUMIRA's durability will clearly be answered. I think we will go a long way toward answering that even more thoroughly on Friday. Rick answered a lot of it earlier in the phone call. But I think we can respond to the durability of HUMIRA going forward. As Rick acknowledged earlier, the growth of HUMIRA continues to be very strong and continues to be in excess of about $1 billion a year. That's equivalent of a so-called blockbuster a year here in growth. Now granted, that's not going to happen forever, but there's obviously several years left of that kind of durability and growth and strength in that business and that franchise. And I believe that with further explanation on Friday, we will further lay out why we see the development of the market, the biosimilars, the orals, et cetera, as we do and investors will make their choices. But I think we have evaluated that pretty closely and pretty carefully over the last couple of years. We have a view. We have a view of the durability of HUMIRA. We'll share that with investors and I think the obvious next question an investor has is, what about after HUMIRA? What then? And I think that greater visibility to the pipeline of the Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business will go a long way towards filling in those gaps for analysts and investors, and I think we're beginning to fill those gaps now. But even if there were great visibility to that on the part of investors and analysts and even if there were great understanding of all of that. By the same, we would still be splitting the company because we believe there are 2 really distinct different and valuable investment identities here that make sense as 2 separate public companies.
Miles D. White: No, I don't think it limits our flexibility at all. You got to remember, we're a very large company becoming 2 very large companies. These are both large cap companies at the end of the day. They're both very strong companies and they both have very strong cash flow. The cash flow of each of these companies is equivalent to what the entire company was not that long ago. The cash flows are very strong on both sides. I don’t feel like either one of these 2 companies is going to be constrained or limited by what it may wish to do. We're not actively seeking large acquisitions. I think at least on the side of the diverse medical products company, I'd tell you that I think is there is so much potential for growth and sustained double-digit margin growth that we can do that organically. For us, any acquisitions or additions to the company, I think will be very much opportunistic and because there's an opportunity we believe we can uniquely leverage in the mix of our business over time. Will there be those opportunities? I think there will be over time and we'll react to them and evaluate them as they come and we'll be able to do it opportunistically and we'll have no shortage of capital or flexibility to do it. On the Proprietary Pharma side, I think the same is true. I think as there are pipeline opportunities for Rick to add to that business. There is no shortage of capital flexibility to do so. Both will have very strong cash flows. We are not reliant as a company on HUMIRA alone. As I indicated earlier, all of these businesses are generating positive cash flow today. And actually, and if you went back 10 years ago, that wasn't true. The Diagnostics business didn't generate cash. The Diabetes business didn't generate cash at the time. Today they do. All of these businesses generate strong cash flow. So no shortage of flexibility.
Miles D. White: Well, Rick, as we've talked about on previous calls, the emerging markets in particular are big growth opportunity because of the expansion of those economies and the expansion of the healthcare systems in those economies. And the structures of those markets are very different. Not different just with each other, but different than, say, the U.S., Europe, Japan historically. They are much more self-pay markets than reimburse markets in general, and our Established Pharmaceuticals or branded generics business and our Nutritional businesses are generally speaking in those markets, self-pay businesses. And yet growing very rapidly in those markets. They share common outlets. They share common distribution channels and so forth. And while we have not, at this point, attempted any kind of synergy between them, they do share common visibility, brand, outlet, pharmacy, wholesaler, et cetera, in all those markets. And I think that footprint will definitely benefit us going forward. I think it's a plus to have a mix of sources of how your products are paid for. For a company, in our business, if you're solely dependent on the U.S. and Europe, well, then you're going to be dependent on governments and payers that are highly concentrated. And that's going to be true of the characteristics of our Proprietary Pharma business and that's been the case for a lot of our mix of business over time. One of the things that was attractive to me about the ophthalmology business was that a big chunk of that business is consumer discretion business, the LASIK business. And while that business has been pressured by the economy in the last few years, I like the fact that we're not just dependent on government reimbursement in a lot of cases for payment for our products. Because I think for those countries, those businesses, those products, where consumers make the decision, your businesses is somewhat less vulnerable to large structural moves in the payment system. So I think that mix is good. I think that we will continue to expand in emerging markets because as I said earlier, growth is there. We are not ignoring developed markets. There's a big chunk of the company, both companies frankly in developed markets and those are important markets to us. But I will tell you that I think the developed markets will be much slower growers for the future, and a lot of the growth will come internationally and especially in emerging markets. So I think that the obvious distinction that way between the pharmaceutical business and the diverse medical products business is -- the diverse medical products business has the market growth, the expansion, the expansion of those economies, a tailwind of growth. It's not going to be that dependent on single large products. The pharmaceutical business will always be dependent on single large products because that's the nature of that business. And the productivity of our R&D and therefore, the importance of our pipeline and the durability of products like HUMIRA, very important for that business. And I think that's why our pharmaceutical business has been so successful over the last decade and I think will continue to be going forward, but those are different, in different market dynamics.
Miles D. White: Rick, I'll just say we're going to explain more about this on Friday, the first question on margins.
Miles D. White: Just to answer the granular point you put upfront on the gross margin. There are several businesses here that are changing the structure of manufacturing and other things, the sourcing and even how they go to market in some cases. Diagnostics is having a great program underway that way and has expanded its gross margin. Diabetes Care, same. Nutritionals, major programs underway right now to change the mix of its gross margin. Some of it is our manufacturing strategy globally. Some of it's whether we make it ourselves versus source-it, et cetera. There are a number of factors that contribute to it. But we will talk about it a little more on Friday.
Miles D. White: Okay, first comment on the Established Pharmaceuticals business and the Proprietary business. I'll tell you, other than the fact that they both have the word pharmaceutical in their headline, they're really different.  Their business models are different, the markets where -- that are attractive to them are different. The Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business is very much a developed economy business for all the reasons we know. The kinds of products that we sell and the cost of those products and so forth, their affordability and so on. Those are developed market products. The Established Products division at least here, you'll note doesn't have a U.S. business and won't. It is not our anticipation to be in the U.S. because it wouldn't make money here. And at the end of the day, we are trying to earn a return on the investors' capital. So that business will stay focused on international markets. And then the nature of the competition and the selling, frankly, Glen, has a lot more in common with businesses like our nutrition business than it does the Proprietary Pharma business. It's a business about a breadth of product line and key leaders in key categories, your feet on the street, than relationships with many, many pharmacies and wholesalers and so forth in these emerging markets. The business model and how money is made are very, very different. And there isn't actually a lot in common there. So it made sense to us that the Established Pharmaceutical business belonged with the other very Durable Growth business and not with the Proprietary Pharma business. With regard to Health Care Reform, I would say Health Care Reform is a contributor to the environment in general. It clearly has impacted the environment for healthcare products. It has impacted the environment for pharmaceuticals and/or medical device products. Frankly, so has the debt crisis and pay crisis in Europe. The impacts on the economies in the U.S. and Europe, aging populations, all the things that we know are happening to pressure the healthcare products markets in the U.S. and Europe, all contribute to a different environment. And at the end of the day, I'd say all that does is change the nature of the environment in which we compete and operate. That's going to clearly have an impact on all the businesses, not just pharma. This is not motivated solely by Health Care Reform at all. But the Health Care Reform, you could say, is a contributor to the overall environment that has contributed to a bigger consideration about the investment identities of these 2 businesses.
Miles D. White: It was a long question. A big part of that we're going to answer on Friday. I would tell you, we understand the competitive dynamics pretty well in hepatitis, as well as MS and I think we can walk through that on Friday. I'd also tell you just don't focus on hepatitis and MS. Bardoxolone is a big asset. We have a number of other assets that we'll talk to you about. But clearly, the areas we're going into are areas of high unmet clinical needs. They're competitive, okay. I think we understand the profile that we need. HUMIRA, I think you described -- you’ve described it in a way that's consistent with what we think, although I would say, I have view that's different than you about sustainability. And that is the key to this, right? We believe there's strong underlying growth that will be maintained for a longer period of time. We believe there's plenty opportunity to penetrate these markets. And on top of that, the pipeline will play out. There certainly will be a period where the generic impact on our dyslipidemia franchise will depress overall growth rates but the underlying growth rate will be very, very strong. And so when that plays through, you'll see it pop back up to very healthy growth.
Miles D. White: I think that's an important point.  The Proprietary business will also have opportunities in the emerging markets, and we'll definitely go after those opportunities. They have presence there now, they have people there now and there's market there now, albeit smaller in terms of numbers of people or whatever but sizable in terms of dollars for some of the places that Rick mentioned.
Miles D. White: Barbara, I think you'll see eventually here in the split of the companies in their P&Ls and balance sheets and so forth, a profile in the Proprietary Pharma business is pretty healthy, a profit profile and a spending profile is pretty healthy. Its R&D spending compares well. Its SG&A spending compares well, particularly given the focus of its business in specialty categories. I agree with what Rick said. It's not in any way been underfunded or had to subsidize anything else. When you look at the whole Abbott Laboratories and you look at the profiles of R&D spending or profits and so forth, there's a dilution that occurs there in the mix of all of that, that makes it difficult to see the individual profiles of businesses. The R&D intensity of Nutritionals business by comparison is low-single digits. It's not necessarily to spend nor does it take more. And when you marry the size of the sales of a business with a lower profile, where your spending is much higher in SG&A than it is on R&D and so forth, and you look at the combined total, I think you could question that. But as you see the Proprietary business broken out, I think what you'll see is a very healthy profile that in no way constrains it. And I think you'll see proper profiles that are competitive and the other businesses as well on the other side.
Thomas C. Freyman: The points I'd make and I think we made these points in the remarks. I mean both of these companies are going to have extremely strong cash flow, both of them are going to have very good balance sheet. It's going to give both companies a lot of options to use that cash flow. I mean, we've talked about our expectations on the dividend, then I -- there will continue to be a dividend in line with what Abbott is paying today is our current view. The one thing I'd point out on cash flow is between the 2 businesses and if you look at our amortization expense, which as you know is a fairly large item in our P&L, in the $1.4 billion range. More of the amortization relates to the diversified company than to the new pharmaceutical company, which means that the cash flows are even a little more balanced than the profit levels when you look between the 2 businesses. So both are healthy. They're going to have a lot of options and both managements will -- it's kind of a nice problem to have as they move forward as they consider what to do with those cash flows.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, Mike, we're not going to go into a lot of modeling issue today as we talked about in the beginning. We're trying to focus today more on the strategic discussion here. What I would say is, I think it's accurate that between the 2 companies, the diversified will be a little bit higher than the other company but that's about as much as we'll share with you today.
Thomas C. Freyman: As you know, we -- if you're looking at -- just to get a sense of profitability on these businesses, we do disclose in our segment footnotes these businesses broken out. So that gives you a good sense overall. And clearly, HUMIRA is an important product for us. You can have a sense of the relative sales and -- so it's definitely an important part of that business. But as Rick said, it's one that we think has a very long-term future, lots of growth opportunity, continuing to grow, new indications and plenty of opportunity to be a long-term contributor to the business.
Thomas C. Freyman: Rick, in our segment information, you already have quite a bit of basis for understanding the major businesses here. So, I mean, obviously we do need to go through this carve-out financial process, which is going to take several months. And that's when you'll see a little more specifically more of a fully allocated picture of the pharma business than what you see in the segment footnotes. But you have pretty good information right now. And I'd say, as we get later into the process, after we do the Form 10 and get closer to the true separation, we'll be getting more granular on how these 2 businesses look.
