Brian Yoor: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide his opening remarks in our 2013 outlook. Tom will then provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter and full year 2012 performance as well as some additional detail on our 2013 outlook and guidance. I will then provide highlights and guidance for each of our major businesses. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Please note that our discussion of 2012 performance will include results of what is now AbbVie. However, AbbVie will provide additional highlights and details of their 2012 performance and 2013 outlook on their call Next Wednesday, January 30. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the planned separation of the research-based pharmaceutical company from the diversified medical products company and the expected financial results of the 2 companies after the separation. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1a, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and in the interim reports filed on form 10-Q for subsequent quarterly periods. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Brian Yoor: Hi David. Let me start with Nutritionals. As you saw in the quarter, we performed at double-digits. We were up double-digits year-over-year, and we had strong performance both in the U.S. as well as our international business. We've been seeing strong performance out of the U.S. all year. In this quarter we saw particularly continued strong performance from our up-age toddler brands and we have PediaSure and Pedialyte there that have been performing double-digits; PediaSure, most notably consistently throughout the year. We also maintained as you know the share leadership there in the U.S. market as far as our infant formula market, where we have a commanding share lead. As we move into 2013, this may moderate a little bit, but we're up against the market in infant formula. That’s relatively flat. However, we have a lot of momentum from our PediaSure and Pedialyte that will continue into next year that will help offset that. Also we have on our adult business has been growing very strong. It's been growing double digits in the Ensure business for the U.S. and a lot of this comes from new product launches. We've launched a lot of products across our Ensure line, most notably Ensure Complete and we're seeing that these innovations matter. And as Miles mentioned, we had 80 product launches this year across nutrition. So that's been a real differentiator for our portfolio. If you switch over to international, and you take out what we have been talking about these headwinds on the distribution, as we change how we distribute to our end customer, we have been growing double-digits in our Nutrition business. This quarter, we didn't have any headwinds from the distribution programs that we are working through, and what you're seeing is now the results coming through on a peer basis. We have very nice momentum in China, where sequentially we're gaining share and we continue to plan to do so as well into next year. And then if you take a lot of the key emerging markets in nutrition, we are growing double-digits and consistently have been.
Brian Yoor: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. And that concludes Abbott’s conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11.00 AM Central Time today on Abbott’s Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com, and after 11.00 AM Central Time via telephone at 203-369-3329; pass code 5109. The audio replay will be available until 4.00 PM Central Time on Wednesday, February 6. Thank you for joining us today.
Thomas Freyman: Yeah. There’s two basic things happened beyond amortization. There’s a little bit of post-separation. I call it residual separation cost and there’s some previously announced actions we took in areas of cost reduction, particularly in areas that impact manufacturing that do carryover into 2013. So that’s the difference.
Thomas Freyman: Well, there’s a lot of things going and as I’d remind you from my remarks, the first quarter and really you’ll be looking at dollars and the Yen. The first quarter is the one quarter where we’re still getting a pretty tough exchange comparison of around 1.5 points on the topline. So that’s certainly part. You’re correct that this lapping of the Japan piece is probably the biggest anomaly. The second after that is the direct distribution getting better as we go through the quarters throughout the year. And just frankly, a lot of the execution we are expecting across these businesses, in businesses such as EPD and really the momentum we’re starting to see as nutrition exits 2012 is what’s going to continue to build throughout the year. So I think it’s a matter of building momentum. Vascular, we shouldn’t dismiss the potential second half benefits of ABSORB and MitraClip doing better in Europe, the expedition benefits we think we’re going to get in the market. Vascular we’re expecting to see a nice pickup in momentum as we move from the first quarter on through the year. So there are a number of elements of it. Just to remind and I want to be sure from your question that it’s clear to investors, our full year estimated growth over the baseline is mid to upper single digits growth. So I think that level of growth across the quarters with maybe a little bit better in the back and as we said, a little bit softer in the first quarter is the way to think about the year. So I think there are a lot of things going on that are going to accelerate the growth and we feel confident about that.
Thomas Freyman: Well, I can tell you that Rick Gonzalez won't want me answering any of his questions. I'm going to leave it for him next week to ask him about HUMIRA, because I now live in a no-HUMIRA world here.
Thomas Freyman: As Brian indicated in his – when he answered the question a bit earlier, we've just – even though the infant side of this market is a little tougher because of birthrates and the like, we've just had outstanding brand execution on the PediaSure and the Ensure and a number of our brands really across the portfolio and it does come down to innovation. When we can bring out a differentiated product that delivers value for customers, we're finding we can take share in the various markets, and I think the team did a truly outstanding job at that in 2012. For 2013, we have a little bit lower growth expectation in that business and to the contrary a little bit higher growth expectation on the international side. So overall higher growth for the nutrition business overall and really it's just continued brand execution and more or less offsetting a flattish instant market that we've been experiencing. That's an area where clearly we'd like to continue to take share and gain some growth and the team is focused on that. So I think in the U.S., more of a mid to upper sustainable growth rate is probably more in the range, but I think that team aspires to push towards upper single growth and that's what we'll continue to target longer term as we build this business.
Thomas Freyman: As we've talked about before on EPD, this team is really moving into its full execution mode after coming together from the disparate businesses, a lot of focus on commercial execution in this market. And then there has been some cost management as well in this side. So we're trying to be sure that the costs are in line with the revenue opportunities and I'd say those are the two key things. We're open to product opportunities coming out of the various product pipelines, including areas like the collaborations we've had, et cetera. To the extent we can bring those to the market that should offset some of the austerity measures. The last thing I'd say is while the last 12 to 18 months have been tough from an austerity perspective, as we exit 2012 and as we go into 2013, I think we are seeing a bit of stabilization there and I think the comps in the second half of the year relative to the austerity measures should be better and hopefully the government won't be quite as aggressive as we go forward as they have been, as they've gone through this very, very difficult period the last couple of years.
Thomas Freyman: I'd just like to clarify something. Obviously, this was the first time we’ve provide guidance. On the third quarter call, as we moved into our discussions on the two new companies, we felt it was appropriate to provide some meaningful profile perspectives on both companies, which we did on that call and certainly -- and I think the key message there was from a New Abbott perspective was that given the topline growth and our ability to grow the bottom line and expand margins that we saw this as a double digit grower. So this was the first time we provided guidance. Now, if you look at that profile information, a lot has changed in the world since October, but not a lot has changed in terms of our forecast. We're still very close to that profile that we provided. Tax is a little bit better because of the R&D tax credit which obviously we didn't know about back in October and we've gone through a budgeting process. We've looked at final exchange rates, which in a number of countries have moved significantly since October and it’s just a function of completing our budget process, which is why we didn't provide guidance in October because we knew we needed to go through that process before we could provide you a meaningful guidance number. So I think what we're providing today is very, very consistent with what we've talked about in October and anything that – $0.01 or $0.02 up or down is really a function of just the process we've been going through. So I think that hopefully answers your question there, Larry.
Thomas Freyman: Yeah. So the 2012 R&D tax credit, which as most investors know who have been following the story, very odd for all companies, the way this has to be handled. Since Congress didn't approve the law until after the 31st of December, the accounting impact of getting the 2012 credit actually becomes a 2013 accounting event. That is not reflected in our ongoing guidance. We're planning to call that out as a specified good news item, if you will, in our quarterly reporting in 2013 and that is not reflected. What is included in the guidance is the regular 2013 R&D credit, which is now law, which we can count on as we move through the year. With regard to your question on India, obviously there has been a fair amount of discussion with various ministries on the pricing environment in India. As one might expect, this has gone through a quite a range of discussion. The most recent feedback on this was more of a market-based model, which is much more consistent with the way we view the appropriate approach towards balancing innovation and customer needs within the market. And if you look at the result of that conclusion, it's very consistent with our planning assumptions for 2013 for the established pharmaceutical division. So, at this point in time we feel good about our assumptions. I know there are additional discussions going on and there is not a final approach towards this, but all information we have at this point is that our assumptions are solid for 2013.
Tom Freyman: On the second point, we provided mid to upper overall operational growth as guidance for 2013 and if you were to go through all the details that Brian outlines in his remarks, those details will build up to that type of growth. So I think you will find that certainly this all hangs together. With regard to the 2012 base line, as I spent a few minutes in my remarks, we need to provide investors and we plan to do so before the first quarter call with the adjusted 2012, effectively continuing operations base line for new Abbott. As I indicated in my remarks, we can't really do that until we have completed this carve out work which we still need to complete the fourth quarter which we are going to do in the coming weeks. And once we do that, we will be provide you detailed quarterly GAAP and non-GAAP reconciled P&L base line, if you will. But of course we have done some modeling, and as we model it and based upon this guidance range and if you take the middle of this ongoing range we have provided, that would be double-digit growth plus over what we believe the 2012 base line will come in at. So I think things are very consistent with what we have been saying and it just kind of takes us a little bit of time to come up with the precise numbers. Among the challenges we will have when we present that is just effectively normalizing capital structure between the year. As you know when we look at the carve out of AbbVie, AbbVie did not have debt in the carve out. They do have debt going forward. Abbott will have less debt than what we have had historically in the implied carve out of the Abbott side. So there will be some adjustments in those areas where we will build a 2012 base line that’s meaningful relative to how we are growing the business in 2013. Hopefully that answers your question.
Tom Freyman: Yeah, I'll say just a few things. First of all, when you look at the baseline of the new Abbott businesses, the patterning we're seeing in 2012, there are couple of anomalies as I talked about in my remarks. But overall in general and it's been in this way in this company for number of years with or without the pharmaceutical business, that the second half is generally a more profitable year, growth is driven harder, generally stronger, and margins are a little bit better as we are leveraging that expense base. So, I don't think the patterning you are going to see here is that much different than what you really have seen at Abbott over the years and it's just a function of the business, and as Miles mentioned for example, some of the seasonality factors. So, I think that's one piece of it. And then when you're talking about the second quarter, I think the best thing to do is just to take the profile information I've provided in my remarks and that should give you a good sense of at least this point where we see the quarter coming out and obviously when we get into the first quarter call we'll provide a more specific guidance range. But the intention of trying to give you an early look at the second quarter was to help you kind of build that quarterly gating before we get this final baseline out in front of you. So, I think it's -- and as I said in my remarks, when you cut through the anomalies you're going to find that the year-over-year growth quarter-to-quarter is pretty consistent across the year.
Tom Freyman: Well, we had a pretty active year in 2012 and we are definitely planning a level of share repurchase for 2013. Obviously with the separate company our relative amounts perspective changes, but I think it will be meaningful and at this point we're just not going to provide forecast on what that will be.
Miles White: Yeah, I think you are right. I think people do lack a certain understanding or visibility to the business, Mike. And I think it comes from two major dimensions. One is, there is a lot less, call it publicly available sources of data for a lot of the countries that make up this business, at least for you know analysts and investors to have an independent look at. And there is a lot of countries here as you know. But I think the first thing is that the absence of that and the second is, this is a business that’s a segment business. Meaning there is a proprietary pharma business in a lot of countries, there is a commodity generic business in a lot of countries, and there is a branded generic business. And they are all three different. They are different. And this branded generic business is quite large and much more like our nutrition business. It’s very consumer facing and a lot more like that in terms of consumer choice, consumer pay etcetera. And that’s why some of the lack of complete understanding and so on. The business however is quite attractive. It’s very profitable, it’s quite attractive. It’s growing very nicely. But it’s a story of really two geographies and maybe two market segments. 60% of the business now is in what we will characterize as emerging or growth markets and 40% of it is in developed markets. And those developed markets as you know, have been under a fair amount of austerity pressure. So if I were going to [do you] an upgrade, so we get a tale of two different segments here. The BRIC countries and the other emerging markets and so forth depending on which markets, are either growing very high single digits or mid-teens, double-digits etcetera on the sales line. And so the emerging markets collectively grow in double-digits, very healthy. But Europe, in particular, is experiencing the kind of austerity pressure on pricing and utilization that it’s experiencing for many products, even outside of healthcare. So the developed markets have been down in the last quarters mid-single digits and sort of two steps forward, one step back for a while here. So there’s a couple of things that will evolve, that will drive EPD’s growth. We believe very strongly in the growth in the various emerging markets. That will be driven by the launch of new products, of which there are many this year, new registration. So, the expansion of our product lines and the launch of new or improved products that have significant potential in these markets. So that will drive some of it. We’re still rolling out geographic expansion. That will drive some growth and then we’ve got good momentum in a number of these markets. So I think certainly on the emerging side, it’s all going, I’d say pretty much according to what we would expect. The European piece or developed market piece, in effect we’re talking about Europe, I’d say if that can stabilize and that’s getting an awful lot of attention from us from a stability standpoint, that would help. If you can stem the bleeding in Europe, that would be a tremendous plus. It is a profitable business. It is a cash generating business, but from a growth, when you meld the two together, the appearance of growth appears to be diluted of course as you point out and what we’ve got to do is I think break out on an ongoing basis here and communicate for investors so they can see both pieces because they’re really two different tales.
Miles White: Well, I think we've been clear that there is a certain level of dividend and share repurchase that investors have come to expect from us on a relatively reliable, steady, even growing basis. We've not been one to do big spikes of share repurchase, et cetera to – we believe more in a steady return to shareholders over time. And I think it’s important that we live to that steady and reliable return to shareholder identity. I got some feedback from investors in the fall both positive -- more positive I guess about dividend. People like the reliability of income but they always want more income. And the payout ratios between the two companies now in the split are different. They are combined greater than what Abbott paid up through the end of last year on a percent of EPS basis. But AbbVie pays proportionality higher as a percentage of EPS, we now pay proportionally lower as a percentage of EPS. But both are growing dividends. And I got feedback from some thoughtful investors about that and I always listen to investors, but I would say at this point we have communicated at least and opening philosophy of the dividend payout. But frankly, could that change with time, it could. But I would tell you that the change is, it’s likely to increase not do anything else. So because we actually believe in a cash return to our investors in a dividend like fashion. Now buried in your question there was that secret little, what about M&A thing. And we have had a track record in the past of occasionally adding pieces to our business when it made the most economic sense for us etcetera. And while that hasn’t been an area of high focus in the last one to two years, that’s been largely because I don’t think there has been as much that was attractive to us and we were consumed with the work required to split the companies. As I communicated with a lot of our investors in the fall, we are always kind of paying attention and tracking what might make sense. But my criteria are always the same, it strategically has to fit. What we are doing, where we are headed, what we are trying to accomplish and so forth. And it’s got to make economic sense. Got to make economic sense, deal sense for us, it’s got to make economic and deal sense for our investors. And I would say, our track record is such we have been pretty thoughtful and pretty careful about that, been fairly selective etcetera. I don’t rule it out, but I would tell you that the projections that we have right now for the business going forward for 2013 and beyond, don’t require it. We don’t have some gap in there where we are projecting returns or projecting growth that we don’t know that we can deliver with what we already have. So I look at the M&A opportunities or licensing opportunities as opportunistic. And if you ask me, are there some of those are on our radar screen, I would say, yes, and I had communicated that you know the categories that have attraction for us tend to be in device areas or some geographic expansion, perhaps in some selective categories of pharma etcetera, that we have communicated. But they are fairly defined. I mean they are real broad. And beyond that I almost never project what we are going to be interested in or what we are watching or what we are doing for all the competitive reasons that you can imagine. The press seems to do a pretty good job of speculating on just about everything that comes to market that Abbott might be interested in. More often than not, we aren’t. We have got in our own minds what we know will fit well with our business, suppose it makes for great media to speculate from time to time. But in any case, we like to keep some of our powder dry so that we are prepared if a good opportunity comes along. So we like to keep some liquidity in our hands and we don’t like to let too much liquidity sit in our hands and earn little. So we keep a balance of dividend in there. And frankly, if we accumulate a lot of cash and we just don’t seem to finding opportunities for it, than we buy back shares and give it back to investors. I know that’s a long winded answer but that’s really kind of it.
Miles White: Well, I think about the long-term growth rate in a couple of ways. First of all you are right, the emerging markets have their own tailwinds. You know their own wave, if you will. And in those markets I want a bigger surfboard to ride that wave and I think that’s a question of expanding product lines. Whether it’s registrations in the pharmaceutical business or more product innovations in the nutrition business, or taking our device businesses more thoroughly into those markets, which we are doing. We are seeing great opportunity for all of them as those economies and those healthcare systems develop and the sophistication of medicine practice there expand. We are seeing the impact of that on diagnostics, we are seeing it in our coronary business, we are seeing it in our medical optics business. They are all benefiting from that. And the Abbott presence there and the Abbott brand there is actually a big boost to that. I would tell you that -- I recall a consultant telling me about five years ago that there was no point in diagnostics being in China. Five years later I am glad we ignored that. You know it’s a fantastic market for us. We fit well there. It’s great growth and great profitability on top of it so we are in a nice position there. So those markets that have their own tailwind of expansion and growth are great. And it still behooves us to expand and tailor our product lines and so forth to those markets which we are doing. Developed markets are still of very high importance and interest to us. And I think that to be forthright about it, it’s a little different story. You are not relying on the tailwind of growth, you have to take share and you have to do it by demonstrating to the payor and/or the customer that your value or your cost position relative to what you deliver is valuable and worth it. And hence our offerings in diagnostics, we will pay a lot of attention to that going forward. I think we have got great opportunity in diagnostics in these markets, in core diagnostics, that I think our business today is demonstrating already with its high single-digit growth rate, mid to high single digit growth rate in Europe and other developed countries and economies. So what we know is, in our next generation products and systems, they need to be even more cost effective for us to have a good value proposition in those markets on a sustainable basis. So I think the developed markets are still awfully attractive to us. I think the nutrition business has shown that even in markets where birth rates are declining, we are taking share. The U.S. stent is just a prime example. And we can grow and expand and create an adult nutrition market because we can show that it’s got merit and value and in a lot of cases we are putting the clinical evidence behind our products to show that. So there are opportunities. Our EPD business, as you know, will struggle for a while in developed markets. And we are looking at all the ways that we might staunch that. But I think -- and in our devices I would say, as has been pointed out many times by those people who followed the device markets, particularly the coronary device markets or vascular device markets. This is no longer a market where you just bring a new innovation out or a new technology, price it higher and the market expands to absorb the cost. Today, whether it's countries in Europe or hospitals in the United States or anywhere, they've got a fixed budget. They've only got so much to spend and they are trying to make that fixed amount of money cover as much innovation as they can. And I think that means that companies like us change our strategy. We've got probably the most thorough and powerful product line, top-to-bottom, in the stent category. And our job is to take share out of a fixed revenue pool, fixed profit pool out there, and I'd say that probably forecasts a change to our strategy. And we think we've got the wherewithal to alter that strategy and take share and grow in our business and actually achieve the returns for the innovation we've invested in. So, I think those developed markets are ones where competition is such you got to take share, and in the emerging markets you're going to ride a wave of tail-winded growth. And from our perspective, we think that the leadership positions we have in each of our businesses, the product lines we offer and the things that we have on the board for our pipeline are all well-defined and well-designed for exactly that and that we'll see lower growth rates out of developed markets, higher growth rates out of emerging markets and what I would characterize as very durable growth on ongoing basis.
Miles White: The irony of Europe is, depending on the country, but sometimes the price pressure is greater on the generic or branded generic products than the innovative products. And it depends on the country because they do protect innovation and they do protect the patented products. But once of course it’s off patent, then it's a different story. But I think we have felt a fair amount of pressure there and to some degree the impact on the business is a lot less than probably what it could have been. And I think that the innovations that we put into our products, improvements in our products, expansion of the registrations and products on the shelf or adding new products, all of that helps. And it's sort of a -- it's hard to be specific within detail because it kind of depends locally on each market, each country and the mix of product in that country, and I'd say scale that we are on the shelf in that country. But I think Tom has answered it. It's one that we're paying a lot of attention to and in the meantime while we deal with the headwinds in Europe we try to manage cost and expense very tightly.
Miles White: China is an important market for us. We're not as concentrated solely in China. We're fairly-- we're in 100 countries in our nutrition business across the board, but clearly China is an important one for us, number one. Number two, investors have asked me all during the late fall, gee, are we seeing a slowing in China? The answer is no, we're not. We're actually seeing acceleration and expansion and we're expanding and our growth rate in China is pretty healthy. And I think China, I would tell you, is a very difficult market for investors, analysts, and even the manufacturers to measure from time-to-time. I did see that one of our competitors in the industry there acknowledged inventory challenges in China. It's hard to measure inventory in China and it's hard to keep track of inventory in China. We know that. I think the large multinationals that are extremely well established have a better view of that than many. It's one of the reasons to be out of distributors and go direct. You can have a greater control over inventories and so forth. I’ve seen that some competitors have indicated that they may have inventory challenges in the market and it's a hard – if you got too much inventory in the market you might think the market is slowing. I would tell you the underlying fundamentals of that market don't appear to us to be changing of slowing. So I think that any of us from time-to-time go through little ups and downs of the absorption of our products in that market. It's such a healthy market, such a good market that I think measuring it quarter-to-quarter isn't always that informative. You’ve got to look at it over the course of the year and I think our competitors will probably acknowledge the same that it's a very healthy market, still robust and we're all still expanding into more cities. It's intensely competitive. It’s obviously drawn a lot of competitive attention of the large four multinationals, which includes us, Mead, the Europeans do very well in that market and there's some local Chinese manufacturers in the value segments that are also growing and doing well. I don't have much to say about the market except that it's really robust, good and we're not experiencing a slowdown there, Glenn.
