Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance.  Turning to our results. Sales for the second quarter increased 35% on an organic basis, which was led by strong performance across all of our businesses. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, organic sales growth was 29% versus last year and nearly 11.5% compared to the second quarter of 2019. Foreign exchange had a favorable year-over-year impact of 4.5% on second quarter sales, resulting in total reported sales growth of 39.5% in the quarter.  Regarding other aspects of the P&L for the quarter, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 56.9% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6.2% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 25.8% of sales.  Our second quarter adjusted tax rate was 14.4%, which reflects an adjustment to align our year-to-date tax rate with our revised full year effective tax rate forecast of 14.7%. The revised full year forecast is modestly lower than the estimate we provided in January due to a shift in the mix of our business and geographic income.  Turning to our outlook for the full year 2021. Our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $4.30 to $4.50 remains unchanged and  reflects strong double-digit growth compared to last year and approximately 35% growth at the midpoint compared to our pre-pandemic adjusted earnings per share in 2019.  We continue to forecast $4 billion to $4.5 billion in COVID testing-related sales for the full year 2021. And based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a favorable impact of around 2% on our full year 2021 sales.  Turning to the outlook for the third quarter. We forecast adjusted earnings per share of at least $0.90, which reflects continued strong growth and momentum in our core underlying business and a sequential step-down in COVID testing-related sales compared to the second quarter. And based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a favorable impact of around 1% on our third quarter reported sales.  With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Robert Funck: Yes. Bob, I'll take the first question on the guidance for this year. Clearly, about 1/3 of that beat was due to the little higher COVID sales than we have projected. Obviously, forecasting COVID is quite challenging. And so that was about 1/3 of beat. About 2/3 really was better performance in the base business versus how The Street had modeled that. And so the way we look at it, we gave a pretty wide range on earnings guidance back at the beginning of June. And that really kind of accounts for any kind of fluctuations or changes in the COVID testing in the back half of this year as well as kind of underlying base business performance. So we feel really comfortable about the range we have and feel that kind of captures different scenarios around COVID testing. 
Robert Funck: In terms of investment, Robbie, if you look at our SG&A and R&D combined, we're up around $700 million versus the prior year. And we expect to kind of sustain pretty strong investment in the base business. So we have, as you know, reinvested some of those COVID testing sale profits back into the base business to drive growth going forward. As you say, we had a really healthy operating margin profile in the second quarter. We're going to see some impact on that operating margin profile the rest of the year with the step-down in those COVID testing sales in the back half of this year. That's going to obviously have some impact on our operating margin profile while we sustain a lot of that investment, in particular, in the R&D and SG&A spaces to drive growth the rest of the year and into next year. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Listen, we obviously had a very strong quarter in terms of recovery. I mean we had planned to see that recovery in the U.S. and in Europe and in certain Asian markets, and that recovery has largely played out the way we had anticipated. I'd say probably a little bit better even than what we thought. I don't think what we're seeing here with relating to like increase in COVID cases, I don't think that you'll see the same -- or at least we're not seeing the same kind of impact in terms of hospitals shutting procedures down, stopping testing, et cetera. I think it's a very different situation where we are this year versus where we are last year, even though if you look at the case, global case counts, they're pretty much in line to where we were in October last year. We've got therapeutics. We've got vaccines. We've got testing. So we're not seeing that.  On the device side, listen, our business has done very well. Overall, as I said in my comments, we're up double digits, mid-teens versus the second quarter largely driven by EP, Heart Failure, Structural Heart, Diabetes, as I said. And actually, if you look at the cardiovascular-specific recovery, we exited the first quarter at about a 2% growth versus March of 2019. And then if you look at the second quarter, our June growth rate was around about 7% versus June of 2019. So we're seeing this kind of sequential recovery in the procedures as evidenced by our growth rates in our procedures. And we were looking at data yesterday, the first couple of weeks of July are showing that same trajectory, whether it's in the U.S. or whether it's outside the U.S., generally. Obviously, there are some markets that have different kind of trends and paces. But I'd say, overall, we're seeing that recovery. And that's how we're looking at the rest of the year, Bob, is that continued trajectory in terms of recovery in procedures and diagnostic testing. 
Robert Ford: Bob, on the question of consensus for the rest of the year, I mean, I think this is how we're thinking about the second half of the year. Obviously, from a top line perspective, we're going to have to lap some of our COVID sales that we had in Q3 and Q4. Obviously, if you looked at last year, that was really the height of our ramp-up in COVID sales. But the underlying business, excluding COVID sales, will be getting sequentially better every quarter. So we're looking at our base underlying business growing low double digits for the rest of the year.  From a gross margin perspective, we'll see expansion in gross margin versus where we were in Q2. There's obviously maybe some friction on some input costs, commodities, freight, et cetera, the team works hard to kind of offset those. So we'll see improvement also as the base business recovers and the margin profiles from that recovery expand.  And we'll continue to make the ramp-up of investments that we talked about from an R&D and SG&A perspective. Some of those investments have a faster and more, I'd say, kind of more immediate return. So for example, direct-to-consumer advertising in Nutrition or Libre, for example, and some of those investments are a little bit more medium term, whether it's R&D programs or whether it's kind of getting ready for upcoming launches. So the real, I'd say, kind of factor here becomes COVID testing. And we gave guidance about a month ago about $4 billion to $4.5 billion. After the 2 quarters, we're about $3 billion, $3.5 billion. So we've got between $0.5 billion and $1 billion to go in the next 6 months. And I think that's really the question here is how will testing play itself out in the next kind of second half year, whether it's variants, whether it's vaccination rates, et cetera. So that's just something that we're paying attention. And as Bob said, that's why our guidance range was pretty wide, which is really to account for that. 
Robert Ford: Sure. On Amulet, we talked about this, right, Robbie. We filed with the FDA late last year. We -- right now, we plan to present the data at ESC. So that's kind of in the late August time frame. We think it's, again, an attractive market, great opportunity for growth for us. The product is available in Europe and in those markets, albeit a smaller market than the U.S. We have a 50% market share. So we feel very good about our ability here to compete with the product we have.  Regarding timing, it's one of those I can't give you an exact timing. It's definitely, we think, kind of in the second half. And then it's just going to depend in terms of impact this year versus next year. Obviously, the impact next year is larger. And that's just going to depend on when the approval hits this year. Obviously, if it's more towards the back end of the year, then we'll see less of an impact. If it's sooner, that will be an opportunity for us here to execute on that. On CardioMEMS, I guess, similar. We think this is another great opportunity. I mean, both these products were products when we began the St. Jude integration, both of these products were trials that we really wanted to invest in and drive on the clinical evidence and driving the clinical evidence of these 2 products. So it's great to see we're in a position now to be able to kind of disclose and share the data from these trials that we put together. We filed our label expansion with the FDA on CardioMEMS this second quarter, more towards the end of the second quarter. And again, we think it's a great opportunity also. And probably in terms of an approval there, not really banking on that approval from a sales perspective this year. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean I think the Med Device kind of grew again, Q2 versus 2021. That growth rate has been increasing and has been sequentially improving, as I said, in the first question. Obviously, the recovery is not uniform across all businesses. So if you look at our device portfolio, one of the parts of the portfolio that we've seen a little bit of a lagging recovery here has been in Neuromodulation, where I'd characterize that as a little bit even more elective than some of the other procedures. And we've seen, say, like a little bit of a slower recovery trend in that business versus, say, for example, a Structural Heart, an EP or a Diabetes business. Similar to Diagnostics, our immunoassay and clinical chemistry business, that's growing high single digits in the second quarter versus the second quarter of 2019, and that's an improvement versus where we were in Q1. One of the issues that we see in our Diagnostic businesses, we're seeing a slower recovery in kind of blood donations and that obviously impacts our transfusion business. So kind of similar to neuro on the diagnostic side, seen a little of a slower recovery. But I'd say those businesses that were more impacted by COVID in Q2 of last year, I'd say they've largely kind of recovered very well, very nicely, and we expect that trend to continue in the second half. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean I think a lot of these device segments that we see kind of large opportunities. I think the key thing here is to make sure that you put the clinical evidence to be able to kind of create a strong kind of market development approach here. And when we looked at CardioMEMS at the time back in 2017, where there were some issues with reimbursement in CMS, ascertaining the max kind of worth reimbursing, et cetera. And you had positive CHAMPION's data. I'm aware of some of the perceived shortcomings of that trial, but there is also plenty of real-world evidence showing similar benefits and similar results that you had observed in CHAMPION. So we looked at this and we believe that this was a significant opportunity in the cardiovascular space. We believe that monitoring pulmonary arterial pressure is a great indicator for prevention of acute heart failure and decided to make the investment in a larger trial to either address the perceived shortcomings of CHAMPION or -- and/or augment the data set. So I'm hesitant to put a number around here, Vijay. But I think the viewpoint here is that this is an opportunity as we're building our Heart Failure portfolio together with our LVAD portfolio and even with MitraClip, quite frankly, to really have a comprehensive suite of solutions for it. And I think this is going to be an opportunity that we will be intentional about investing, whether it's trial, whether it's clinical and field-based teams to drive it. We think the opportunity to expand the label to a Class II and Class IV presents a significant opportunity for us to expand the market and also the indication here to include CardioMEMS with elevated levels of BNP. So I think that this is a great opportunity.  I guess your comment on mortality, I think that's important, but I also know, in talking to health systems, that hospitalization and reduction in hospitalization is still very important. Some can argue that maybe you're just kicking the can down the road. But I think that if you look at and have conversations with the health care systems, they'll see this as an important reduction. Any reduction of hospitalization for this patient population will be significantly important for them. So bottom line, yes, I think this is a great opportunity for us and we're being intentional about our investment and making the right clinical evidence to support the adoption so that we can get to numbers that you're referencing or even bigger. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Listen, we had a real strong quarter, as you saw, and as you mentioned, approaching that $1 billion mark on a quarterly perspective, sales above 40%. I think really important here, Larry, is the user base. And this is a different kind of device business. It's a -- we talked about it from a mass market opportunity versus other parts of our device portfolio that might be a little bit more, let's say, call it, nichey versus the size of Libre. But the user base is super important because when you've got this kind of retention level that we're seeing on the product, so between 80% and 90-plus percent globally, it really looks more like a subscription-like model. And when you're in that subscription-like model and you've got this recurring revenue, the user base is hugely important. And I think that's a lot of our focus right here, as we talked about this mass market, is building the user base.  And I think we've done a really good job internationally and in the U.S. But as we've talked about, okay, we've got 3.5 million users. I've talked about numbers all the way up to 80 million users potential for this product once you aggregate insulin users and type 2s, et cetera. So I think this is a real strong growth opportunity for us, and we're still in the early innings, as I've said. From a road map perspective, we're not deviating from kind of how we thought about this, right, which is we will continue to provide superior technology, superior experience to the user, whether it's with the product, whether it's how they get the product and still a value proposition that makes sense for a mass adoption. So that's all gone very well, and that will continue to go very well.  Libre 3, we launched it in, I'd say, in Germany at the beginning of the year here. A lot of our focus in that launch, Larry, was just more to understand kind of our marketing messaging, our positioning with our existing portfolio, reactions from physicians and even look at how other users from other CGMs kind of reacted to it. And it's basically surpassed my expectations as we went into that pilot launch. And so we'll be now transitioning to full launch mode of Libre 3, where we've got approval. Specifically in the U.S., obviously, it's understood that the backlog that exists in -- at the FDA regarding diabetes products. And I'm not going to comment on kind of timing here or expectations, but just that we're very excited kind of to be able to bring Libre 3 to the U.S. also and augment our portfolio with the product. 
Robert Ford: Well, specifically on M&A, there's no change in thoughts there. I mean I think rather than have a number tied to it, it's more about does it strategically fit? Do we think that we can execute and drive more value out of it? And that mindset hasn't changed independently of kind of dollar amount there. We're obviously actively looking. We constantly surveil and survey and pay attention and track. What I can say is that we've been probably actively moderating much more than where we were back in 2017. But there are some pretty elevated valuations right now, and I'm not going to do anything here that's going to either dilute our profiles, our growth rates, et cetera. And key driver here is, is it being strategic?  I actually think a lot of opportunity we have from a capital allocation back to kind of how you started the question was we've got a lot of opportunity internally. A lot of great returns that we can have with our capital as we deploy them to support these opportunities that we have in our pipeline, specifically regarding kind of manufacturing, kind of ramp-up in capacity, whether it's Libre, whether it's MitraClip, seeing an opportunity here with Adult Nutrition as we've seen kind of several years here of strong kind of double-digit growth in Nutrition. So I think we've got a great opportunity to be able to provide a great return to our shareholders by looking at our internal opportunities also. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, about a month ago, we talked a lot about COVID testing here. And I don't think, over the last 30 days, we've seen anything materially different. I would say we continue to see some of that kind of lowered kind of testing volumes in the U.S., whether it's PCR but probably a little bit more on the rapid side. We did a little bit better than what we had forecasted for the second quarter, and that was largely driven by international markets. Still about 80% of our sales are on the rapid side. But we did see higher international sales. And I'd say, yes, it's probably driven by delta variant. A lot of those international sales are more, let's say, kind of tender-driven. And we've got great visibility to where cases are rising and our positions in those markets. As a company, our relationships, our understanding of how health authorities in those countries are thinking about their testing. And what I can say is we become -- we've definitely become a preferred supplier here because of our scale, our capacity, the quality of our products and our pricing. So the question here is going to be, even with surges, are you going to see testing increase? I think we will. I think we will see some of that. The question will be, geographically, where are we going to see it more? And I think geographically, we'll see more internationally than, at least what I think right now, than what we'll see in the United States from a back half perspective. 
Robert Ford: Yes. Like at a high level, I would say, yes, we're seeing kind of that same kind of recovery trend, again, within its own kind of segment. Our immunoassay and clinical chemistry business, which represents about 80% of our core lab business, that actually was up high single digits in Q2 versus Q2 of 2019. So we are seeing that recovery on the core lab. There are some assays that haven't recovered as much. What we've seen here in the U.S. is that we're seeing post-surgery policies here from certain hospitals do less overnight stays. So when you're doing that, you're getting a little bit less of that. But I'd say that's offset with higher share gain and growth in new accounts with the rollout of Alinity. So we're seeing that kind of high single digit. And as you mentioned, the issue is really kind of low donation, blood donations that are impacting our transfusion business, which we've got 65%, 60-plus percent market share. So we're hoping to see -- we've been working with different agencies here to kind of bring awareness to this fact here because, obviously, there's inventory of blood. But if this rate of donations continues, then it will be a challenge for the U.S. So hopefully, we'll start to see that recover here as we get towards the end of the year. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Listen, we've talked about this a couple of times on a couple of calls already, and I just think it's a little bit too early to kind of provide that forecast given there's so many different kind of moving parts. We're starting our process right now. But I don't think the framework changes versus what we've talked about, which is our underlying business, so excluding COVID testing, it will clearly be very well positioned for very strong growth, top line and bottom line just based on the trends that we're seeing, based on the pipeline, the new products that we have in the pipeline that we have in place. So our underlying base business will clearly be set up for very strong top and bottom line growth. We've obviously got to look at COVID testing, and that's a factor here. We talked about it last call. It'll be probably not very prudent here to assume a significant amount of COVID testing. Now if there's going to be demand of COVID testing, we've got plenty of capacity to meet it, and that's ultimately going to be kind of the factor here. As I said, we're going to start to kind of lap a little bit of this testing in Q3 and Q4 of this year. We've obviously had a real strong Q1 also. So that obviously has an impact. And then having to look at our spend and modulate our spend here, but in a way that doesn't detract from our kind of long-term sustainable kind of growth even past 2022, 2023. So we've got a lot of good momentum, a lot of ongoing and upcoming launch activity and I want to make sure that I capitalize on the positions and the opportunities that we've built upon. 
Robert Ford: Yes, sure. Listen, if you look at Structural Heart, I think there's 2 kind of really good opportunities for us over here. TAVR with bringing the product to the U.S. and the launch of our second-generation product in Navitor in Europe. I mean these are 2 opportunities that we have. We know our position and we know the choices and the strategy that we'll take as we enter this market here in the U.S., and I think it's great. It will be a great opportunity for us.  And then the second product on Structural Heart is our tricuspid repair system. It's a great opportunity. It's got a potential kind of billion-dollar market opportunity for it. We've done very well with it, actually. Right now, our sales have kind of annualized right now on a $100 million basis, and we launched this in the middle of pandemic last year. So I think that's a great near-term opportunity.  And then on CRM, we've made the investment here to get our leadless program back on track here regarding a single chamber and then making the investment on a dual chamber. And I think that's another kind of big opportunity that we'll have to continue our kind of growth recovery in our CRM. So we're targeting to enter this market next year, again, with a single chamber and then build off there. So I think we've got great opportunity in the device space. And then in the Diagnostics is the continuing of building the menu, the assays, the menu of assays. We're obviously making investments in our rapid business to capitalize on the  placements that we've made for ID NOW with COVID to be able to kind of not only drive flu, but other respiratory viruses that we think will be opportunity for us also. But I think those are probably more the near term, i.e., next kind of 12, 18 months and then a larger pipeline after that. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean generally speaking, competition will always kind of drive further innovation, further investment. So one can kind of make the analysis here that when you're -- when you have a competitor coming into your segment, you'll do more to invest in the business and that investment will then drive the category. So I think on one side, I do believe in that, and I think you can see how that's kind of had an impact. Definitely, when we came into the U.S. with Libre and kind of what happened to that market and what happened to the technology in terms of kind of making all the technologies better and et cetera. So the flip side of that is competition is -- you could potentially see, I guess, price as a lever to drive demand or to drive share capture. We've tried to focus every time we're entering markets with a value proposition that sustains our price and our pricing strategy and focus on the benefits that our solution will bring. And so I think you've got these 2 parts of kind of competition in markets. I'd say that's probably true for a 2-player market or a 3-player market. So -- but listen, we're excited to come into the LAA market here in the U.S. We're obviously a player internationally and we're making the investments. So for example, we've already begun our investment in market expansion in LAA with our CATALYST trial, which is comparing  our product to NOAC, which is the standard of care. And I know that competitors are making kind of similar clinical investment. I think that's good. I think that's positive.  Okay. So that being said, I'd say here, if I just kind of sum up, our results clearly demonstrated here that we're showing real strong growth across all of our businesses, devices, Diagnostics, our Established Pharmaceutical business and our Nutrition. And as I said in the beginning of the call, as we look to the second half of the year, we expect that growth to continue in our underlying business. I think to Joanne's question, maybe to Bob's question also, optically, you're going to see a little bit of this, I'd say, artificial fog or lapping here or a comp versus for a few quarters as we kind of go through these sales that we've had from this big role that we played in COVID testing during the pandemic. But I don't let that cloud kind of how we think about the business and how we think about the business long term. And I think our forecast here shows that we'll have a pretty differentiated underlying base business performance here. Our pipeline is highly productive, we've got a lot of ongoing launch activity and there's even more on the way here. So we're very excited about that, and we're investing across our key growth platforms. So we're feeling really good about our underlying base business and the momentum that we've got. So thanks for joining us today. 
