Thomas Freyman: Yes, this is Tom. For HUMIRA, we're seeing really globally, good market performance to start with. In the U.S. in particular, growth rates have picked up this year and that is certainly bolstering the product. And in international, as you know, growth rates have been quite a bit stronger than the U.S., and they've continued to be in mid-teens or even better growth rates. So certainly, that is helping support the product. We're also executing quite well in the businesses in terms of share performance, most significantly in the derm and the gastro areas. But also, we're seeing some progress in RA as well, despite the fact that there's some -- a fair amount of competition in that space. So globally, we're just seeing good market growth, good share performance and very good execution on the part of our business people. And Mike, on the question on pharma growth, I think if you look at most of the products, we're seeing pretty strong growth across them in the quarter. So maybe you could be a little bit more specific about exactly what your question is on the pharma growth.
Thomas Freyman: Certainly, within Established Pharmaceuticals, there are a handful of products that are at the end of their life, Lanzaprazole for example, in a couple of markets, has gone off-patent. In terms of Abbott, those are relatively minor. There has been a little bit of Solvay-related turbulence, shall we say, as we work through the products that are remaining in the portfolio compared to those that are going to be -- we're no longer going to be promoting. But I would only -- it's very selective, relatively minor and really, I'd say anything that is -- that you're talking about is really being worked through in the first half here and is not representative of what we expect in terms of growth rates for these businesses going into the third and fourth quarters. So there was a little bit of that, Mike, but really not significant to our performance in the quarter.
Thomas Freyman: In terms of M&A, the only impact in there is Piramal. As you know, we've fully lapped Solvay, so that does not have an impact. And you have a pretty good idea what our annual sales for Piramal are. Exchange, generally speaking, is lower in the emerging markets than it is for the overall company. Obviously, the positive currency in the quarter was mainly due to yen and euro. So I don't have a precise number for you, but I think you can factor in less exchange in those businesses than what you're seeing broadly across Abbott, and just adjust for the quarter of Piramal that we didn't have in the 2010 base.
Thomas Freyman: Well, it's clearly too early to talk about 2012 today. I mean, we've had a great quarter, a great first half of the year. And obviously, we're feeling good about the business, as we've increased our guidance range for the year. So the momentum is good. Obviously, HUMIRA, I think is outperforming most expectations this year. We're seeing really nice momentum in that product. Our x U.S. Nutrition, I think you're going to see accelerated growth in the second half, so that bodes well going forward. Same thing in our Established Pharmaceuticals, you're going to see stronger growth in the second half as we work through some of these kind of transitional issues. So I think the momentum is good. I think we've got a lot of growth drivers. We've talked a lot about operating margin opportunities which have been dampened down a little bit this year by some of the headwinds we talked about earlier in the year that we're overcoming quite nicely with our performance. And so while operating margins this year are only expected to improve modestly, we think there's still -- there's going to be much more opportunity going forward there. So I think we've got a lot of things going our way to have another strong year in 2012, but it's a little too early to start forecasting till we get deeper into this year and get through our budgeting processes.
Thomas Freyman: I don't think we need to do things like that. We've done a really nice job the last 4 or 5 years in terms of organic growth and investments of commercial resources and infrastructure in these various markets, as we've grown them so strongly. So we have great brands. We play both, obviously, in the infant side and in the medical side. A lot of the competition doesn't have that both sides of the business and the strong performance. This business is very committed to innovation. And if you look at whether its formulations or packaging, we've done a very nice job in terms of enhancing our market position through our R&D efforts. So the answer is we don't need to do any M&A activity to be successful there. But we like the business, it's a core part of the company, very important to us, and we're always looking for any opportunity to grow the business.
Thomas Freyman: We had very, very stable inventories at very, very comfortable levels for us throughout the quarter, so there was really no impact of inventories in the quarter.
Thomas Freyman: Well, that is my forecast. But we talked a lot about this, this year in particular, and it's a bit frustrating because we're executing extremely well in terms of efficiencies and product mix. Exchange has been a bit of a headwind this year. It probably took more than 2 points out of our year-over-year comparison in the quarter. So we were over 60% despite that. But the mix is improving, and that's what helped us get to the 60% level this year. I think we're going to work through the impact of European austerity and some of these things we talked about earlier in the year by the end of 2011. So once we're through some of those onetime transitional issues, certainly, our expectation is to stay sustainably above 60% and expand it. And that's part of our growth story as we move into 2012 and beyond. So product mix is really helping. I think some of the things going on this year are masking real progress. And we've made good progress. And not as much as we might have, but I think you're going to see more of that as we go into next year.
Thomas Freyman: You remember on the first quarter call, when we talked about Puerto Rico, which there's this excise tax for our operations there. We're incurring expense up in the cost of sales line, which is another item that's holding back our progress in gross margin transitionally this year. But anyway, so we have the gross expense up there, but we have the creditability reflected in the tax line. That's the way we have to do it. And so for the full year, in the first quarter, we had brought down the full year tax rate to reflect that credit. And what you're seeing is just the progression of these changes through the P&L over the quarter. So again for the full year, consistent with what we said on the first quarter, approaching 15% tax rate average for the full year, and you cited our guidance for the fourth quarter -- or for the third quarter.
Thomas Freyman: I think you should just look at the full year approaching 15%, and the math will take care of itself.
Thomas Freyman: Well, when you look at the businesses, there's a lot of good stories there in terms of operating margin improvement. Probably leading the pack is our Diagnostics business which a couple, 3 years ago, before the team really focused on margin expansion, we were running in the upper single-digit range. In this quarter, we're in the upper teens range. We've made tremendous progress in terms of the manufacturing efficiencies, but also product mix and pricing, and really managing the business better top to bottom. So that's a very good story for us. Our Vascular business has done a very nice job in the last few years. We were in a negative position about 3, 4 years ago and moving to the upper 20s in terms of operating margins in that business. I think there's a little more room to go there. I mean, clearly, we've made a lot of progress. And I would remind people that, that operating margin includes about $150 million of non-cash amortization expense. But we've made significant progress there, and there's probably a little bit of room to go. Some of our smaller businesses, but still significant, Medical Optics, Diabetes Care, still great opportunities there. In particular, diabetes has executed on nice margin expansion, and we think more of that will continue going forward. Now Nutritionals, this year is artificially depressed by the impact of the infant formula from last year, but we're recovering very nicely from that, as John mentioned in his remarks, and we should see a better operating margin this year. The one thing I will say is that, that's a business we do continue to invest in commercially. So some of the gross margin improvements we expect there will be invested back in the business because we continue to see really great growth opportunities across these markets and they're pretty responsive to commercial investments. And so while we expect progress this year and in future years on margin, it'll be a little bit slower in the Nutrition business because of the ongoing growth opportunities in that business.
Thomas Freyman: I think we're still open to opportunities to further expand the number of bets we have in the late-stage pipeline. You never can have enough in Proprietary Pharma. As you know, the regulatory and clinical processes are challenging. I do think we have done a very nice job of supplementing the portfolio with 4 or 5 really, really promising late-stage programs and we're real happy with where we stand now. And I think even compared to a year ago, our late-stage pipeline is significantly more advanced and promising than people would have expected. So our licensing organization is very good at this. They work closely with the business to identify good opportunities that we can leverage Abbott's capabilities. And we continue to be open to opportunities there.
Thomas Freyman: I'd say in today's world, it's the quality of the science that's really the first screen. You can't be overly selective in terms of therapeutic areas of focus. It's timing compounds or biologics that really have proof of concept and have a good chance in making it to market is really the first screen. Because we've shown, through HUMIRA for example, that we can build commercial presence fairly readily, particularly in specialty areas, if you have a high-quality product to bring to market. So that really is the first screen. The other thing I would say is our international proprietary organization in particular is extremely strong and well respected in the markets and well established. And that is a -- that international distribution asset is one that we do explain to potential licensing partners very extensively. And we've made some pretty nice progress identifying opportunities to bring in there. So it's a combination of our strengths and things we bring to the party. But also if there's good science that we think we can commercialize, we're open to something that might be a little outside of our wheelhouse from time to time.
Thomas Freyman: Well, we're lapping some issues in the quarter. Reductil is one. That's a product that has been assigned. As you know, we have no Reductil sales in 2011, but we did have a fair amount of Reductil...
Thomas Freyman: I don't have that at my fingertips here, Jami. There were some smaller products, and I mentioned in Mike's question. Lanzaprazole for example, in a few markets, went generic during the quarter. There are a couple of other of those. So there were definitely some transitional products during the quarter that dampened down the non-emerging markets growth of Established Pharmaceuticals, but we think that, that's going to really work its way out of this system in the first half of this year. And we do expect a nice pickup. And another product that was off a little bit growth-wise compared to the prior year was Clarithromycin. And as you know, that's a product that goes up and down with the season depending on the year. So there's some noise in there, but we do think it's going to pick up, and we've worked through a number of these.
Thomas Freyman: Right. Well, absolutely. We have greater aspirations on margins in our Nutrition business. Before we had the kind of transitional year here, we had -- as we recover market share in the U.S., we were in the upper teens range. And then obviously, with the recovery in the domestic market, we've gone down a little bit this year, and we expect that to recover somewhat in the second half but still be below 2010. I don't know any reason structurally why we couldn't be at levels at or close to the competition. And we've talked a little bit about this publicly that, that particular management team is very, very focused on operating margin expansion. We're kind of running a balance there between investing in growth, as I've talked about on this call, and driving operating margin, so we're going to try to do both. But there are a lot of initiatives going on in the logistics, manufacturing area to drive cost out and get our operating margins much closer to some of the levels you're seeing at other companies. So I think that is certainly over a medium term, an achievable objective. And the management team is very focused on delivering on that.
Thomas Freyman: Well, the cardiology, the primary care products we have in lipids and those areas are clearly mature for us. And as we look at the development of science in these areas, it does seem that there's not a lot of new opportunities and a lot of the needs have been met by the existing products. So we are focused more in other areas, both from a R&D perspective and from a M&A perspective. And I think you're going to see the mix of our portfolio shift to more specialty products. We talked a lot about them today in the pipeline review. You see immunology products, HCV products, a lot of other areas where we think there's more opportunity to deliver more benefits for patients than there is in the cardiology space.
Larry Peepo: This is Larry. [indiscernible] quarter, so did HUMIRA obviously. There's not that many products actually in the proprietary business any longer. Again, a lot of the Solvay products other than, say, a Duodopa have moved over into the Established Pharma business. So most of the other products, as Tom said, had pretty good quarters.
Larry Peepo: Sure. This is Larry. Certainly, we've been watching the scripts, and everybody has seen what they've done, 6 weeks after AIM-HIGH relative to 6 weeks before, we'd say that they're down about 5%. So a pretty modest impact at this point. But we certainly continue to watch those. We believe that we've incorporated a reasonable estimate here for the second half for Niaspan and our outlook for 2011. And to your point, price will still play a bit of a positive role here in the second half. But still 6 weeks out. It's a little bit early to make an official call on it. We continue to watch it. But at this juncture, down 5%, 6 weeks before and compared to 6 weeks after is, again, a fairly modest decline at this point. But we feel like we've got a pretty reasonable expectation for the second half.
Larry Peepo: I don't know if I could specifically guide you to that at this point. Again, price will play a little bit of a role. We'll see how it plays out. Again, scripts are down about 5%.
Larry Peepo: Right. We would expect action by the agencies, Europe and the U.S. here, towards the end of the year on ulcerative colitis. We're also working in Phase III in uveitis. That has a potential market entry in the 2013 timeframe. The Phase IIIs are ongoing at this point. We've got again, this other indication in a skin disease that most commonly affects the sweat glands known as HS. That could be a potential market entry in 2014. And then we kind of have this umbrella indication for inflammatory joint diseases that would include a number of subgroups that don't have, call it a major indication at this point, but like reactive arthritis, in a number of different other, smaller indications. That when you collectively look at those, again, over that period of time, probably later this year for UC, '13 for uveitis, '14 for HS and the spine indication could be an entry into 2012. The peak there is in excess of $1 billion in our minds, and we think that each of those probably have a several hundred million dollar opportunity over time. So that's kind of how they break down at this point. But greater than $1 billion of incremental from here is pretty significant.
Larry Peepo: Yes. I don't think I can put a total cap on where they could go, but certainly, AndroGel is becoming a fairly significant product here with the sales that I talked about for the quarter, if you annualize that. CREON a little bit smaller, but the growth rates on both of them continue to be very strong double digits. And both products have leadership in their respective categories. So we're very optimistic for our Proprietary Pharma business with both of these 2 products. And a new formulation of AndroGel that we just got approved is also very helpful. Again, it's lower volume and it is a much-improved product for patients. So we're very pleased. And then again, this infant dosing indication that we got for CREON as well gives us a nice opportunity, albeit in a smaller piece of that market, but nonetheless an advantage, and a uniqueness to CREON that others don't have.
Larry Peepo: Sure, Damien. This is Larry. Your penetration rate assumptions are fairly accurate at this point in time, as I look across them. In the U.S., rheum would kind of be in the mid-20s. X U.S. is probably in the mid-teens, maybe a little north of 15%, in that 15% to 20% range. Derm, as you mentioned -- I mean, I'll give you a number. You said it's lower, it's actually low singles in both the U.S. and x U.S., kind of in that 5%, 6%, 7% range depending on when you measure it. So there's a lot of opportunity there. And in gastro, I think you were right on with low 20s in the U.S. and kind of low double digit or low teens x U.S. So you were very close. I think the key, really, that continues in the international markets is the overall cost/benefit of a product like HUMIRA. In single-payer systems, that really makes a lot of sense to them, in that a product like HUMIRA saves considerable downstream costs, whether that's unemployment costs, surgical costs, things like that. The upfront investment of treating a patient with HUMIRA certainly pays significantly downstream. The penetration rates in derm in the past have probably been down in this range. In Europe, they don't quite treat it as severely as a disease state, the moderate to severe psoriasis patient. In the U.S., we tend to treat them just a little bit more frequently, although the penetration rate in the U.S. is still fairly low. But I think that overall, the strategy of cost/benefit is really the key for us and that plays certainly very well when you're discussing a product like this with single-payer systems.
John Thomas: Yes. Well, as I mentioned in my call remarks, we've done quite well internationally with XIENCE and XIENCE PRIME launching, and we're continuing to gain incremental share there as well. And we're optimistic with the launch of XIENCE PRIME and approval coming here in the first half of 2012. DES pricing has been stable, I would say, down low single digits sequentially and upper single digits year-over-year as expected. It's been a little bit better, so I'd say overall, we feel pretty good about that market in terms of its moderation in price. And with one of the main competitors leaving the market, that obviously opens up an opportunity. That's about $400 million particularly in the small vessel stent area with our recent launch of NANO, so we expect to gain some of that share and take some of that market as well. I think the thing that people forget about is international sales and markets for our overall DES portfolio make up more than 60% of our total global sales now. So we continue to see better growth in emerging markets, and PCI volume obviously in those markets is growing mid-teens versus flattish here in the U.S.
John Thomas: Right. We can't be specific on timing. We're still optimistic about a panel. It's less likely that panel's going to occur in 2011 but it's, as you know, up to the agency. So we'll be talking with them on that going forward, and we've provided additional information that they're looking for. So we'll update you on that as soon as we know something. Internationally, we did have a recall of MitraClip. It was based on the tip of the catheter. We've resolved that, and we expect to have that back on the market here in the third quarter.
John Thomas: Thank you. And that concludes our conference call today. As I mentioned earlier in the call, we'll also now be posting to our website a slide deck that highlights our recent pipeline progress in some of the select areas. And that's something that, as I said, we'll be building on going forward. To listen to a replay of today's call after 11:00 a.m. Central Time, go to Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com. And after 11:00 a.m. Central Time, via telephone at (203) 369-0536. The confirmation code is 2128751. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday, August 3. Thanks for joining us and have a good day.
