Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks, and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2019. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Please note that fourth quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in our earnings news release issued earlier today.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. I mean, as you think about copay status and the way payers use it, that is essentially what they're trying to do, is they're trying to incent a preferred offering with respect to the value proposition that, that offering brings. So as we progress in the second half of the year in our payer dialogue, we saw that certain payers were starting to put Libre in a higher tier, Tier 2, which would result for the end patient in a lower copay, quite frankly. And again, I think as they look at the overall value proposition, the outcomes data and whatnot, they see a compelling argument to do it, and we're starting to see that trend. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. I'll start with Rhythm Management here. And as you know, when we acquired that business, it was declining at a fairly heavy clip. We've been able to stabilize it. The overall market, to your point, is down modestly, and our performance is generally in line with that.  When it comes to Vascular, same thing. Again, the market is down modestly. XIENCE Sierra is doing well. It's capturing share. In fact, we gained about 5 share points since the launch of XIENCE Sierra. Pricing in the space remains a challenge for all of the market, but XIENCE Sierra is definitely performing there. And quite frankly, our performance overall is a little bit above the market. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. On TAVR, we would expect to file that here in the second half of this year. We're wrapping up that trial as we speak. With respect to Tendyne and Cephea, obviously, we're expanding them. We've had a long-term vision here in the mitral space to really build a toolbox. Tendyne, we filed actually for CE Mark before the end of last year. So we could possibly see approval here this year. The U.S. is still several years away. And the Cephea program looks like a really great program, but again, still several years away. 
Scott Leinenweber: Very good. Well, thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Miles White: Yes, sure, Matt. Well, a few things about Libre -- or actually several things about Libre. First of all, it's going extremely well. We did add 300,000 patients last quarter. That's almost equivalent to the entire user base of the #2 competitor in the space. So I'd say that's going very well. We got over 1.3 million patients now. 2/3 of those are type 1. Our intent with this device has been to serve the entire diabetic community and not niche it because we think it has mass-market potential worldwide. So we target both segments, both type 1 and type 2. And we're doing very well in type 1 segment -- the type 1 segment actually. And as our capacity expands, we'll put even more effort behind the expansion with type 2 patients. There's a constant, I'll say, cadence of enhancements, et cetera, to the product. We've recently launched 2.0 in Europe. That should come to the U.S. shortly. We're -- we've obviously invested a fair bit in capacity expansion. And at the rate we're adding patients, obviously, that's something we started paying attention to a couple of years ago. And I'd say, a significant quantum of capacity will come online in the second half of this year. And from my perspective, that allows us to open the floodgate much wider. At this point, we're having a tremendous amount of success with Libre without putting much push behind it. And at that point, we're going to have an ability to turn on a lot of push. So -- and then we've got steady cadence of capacity additions after that. And because of the magnitude and the size of the diabetic market, both for type 1 diabetics and type 2 diabetics, our view was this had to have a value proposition for patients and for the health care system that was accessible and affordable by everybody and not just driven by a rebate system and so forth. So we've got a very low cost position. We've got a good value access price point. And I think all of that is playing through our markets and our patient groups and influence groups and so forth very well. The product obviously is getting all the emphasis in development, et cetera, that anybody would like to see. I think this is a very big, long-term, sustainable growth product for the company. I don't have any other way to say it. This is a happy, happy topic. 
Miles White: Well, I think -- I'm going to be careful how much I say publicly on the phone. I think you can assume that we're obviously developing every aspect of this product that you can imagine. And that's all going very well. I wouldn't communicate what I would forecast as time lines. I think that the current growth rate speaks for itself. The current submissions and features of the product that we're adding speak for themselves. We're pretty highly focused on bringing that capacity online, and not because we're constrained yet, but right now, we're adding as, I said, 300,000 patients a quarter and growing. And so you have to pay attention to keeping that momentum increasing. And at this point, with that many patients and the magnitude of the opportunity, our intent is to make this very much a mass-market product. But with 40 million type 1 diabetics out there, mass market means every one of those type 1 diabetics ought to be able to access this product economically, and that's worldwide. And then of course, there's an enormous type 2 market beyond that. So this is not a product that's targeted solely at type 1 or solely at type 2. Its accuracy and performance obviously has meaning and efficacy in all segments. Our low -- our cost position is as low as anything in the industry. We have probably #1 cost position, #1 volume of patients position. I think we can pretty easily declare ourselves the leader in continuous glucose monitoring and growing faster than everybody else. So I'd just say that all of the things that you would expect us to be doing, including working with other third-party partners who would benefit from this technology, all underway, have been for some time. 
Miles White: Yes, I'd reiterate a couple of things. This is Miles. First of all, Brian mentioned, exchange, as we know it right now, is factored into our guidance, and we're still at a double-digit EPS growth. The exchange that we're, I don't know, seeing in our guidance is a factor of last year, meaning '18, that we've got to lap. And so it's that roll-through that is currently taking us from what otherwise would have been 15% to what at the midpoint would be 11%. So we're still at healthy double digits and it's, in effect, caused by lapping last year's guidance. None of us are currency traders, so there's no way to kind of predict what's going to happen with the year, and I hesitate to do so for fear that fates strike us down. But with regard to profits and performance and so forth, I'd say the company has always been fortunate that it's had strong profits and strong cash flow. And with regard to forecasting and so forth, we start every year with a double-digit target and a high bar, and that's our aspiration every single year. And gosh, more often than not, that's where we start with our guidance. Now having said that, out of the last 11 years -- and why do I not go back further than 11 years? I don't have the data, but I could get it. But in -- out of the last 44 quarters that we have reported, we have beat 39 of them, exceeded the investors' expectations, beat 39 of them and met on 5. And so I think the company has demonstrated that if it exceeds its expectations, if it exceeds Wall Street's expectations, if it exceeds in performance, we do share that back to our investors in increased profitability or increased return to the investor. And there's no reason to see a change to that. We've got strong cash flow. We are able to cover all of our cash and investment needs from a capital standpoint, from a dividend standpoint. We have the capacity to buy back shares to offset dilution and, frankly, buy back shares if it's the best investment that we can make. We have the capacity to do M&A. We've obviously been able to pay down a lot of debt and very, very rapidly so that we would have the balance sheet flexibility that we want. So we had very strong performance, strong profitability, strong cash flow. And so if we exceed our expectations and our performance, then obviously, we have the decision -- and that's a nice place to be. We have the decision to share that with our investors, which is exactly what our investors would expect. And you can tell that 90% of the quarters for the last 11 years, investors have benefited. 
Miles White: No, it is. I mean -- I think, I mean, to be honest, I'm not trying to be coy with you. It's very hard to predict what the regulatory timing will be, for example, on MitraClip. So -- and there's no reason for us to kind of play with the number and play with something that we're not sure we can predict. So what we do know is when it comes, which is very compelling -- there's a number of things that have to happen. FDA has to approve it. We obviously would want CMS to reimburse it and so on. And I think it'll have that kind of compelling story with the regulatory bodies. It's obviously -- the COAPT study was very powerful, and I think the regulatory bodies will give that all the right consideration. But trying to pin that down and trying to pin down timing and so forth is not something that's easy to do. And I'm not sure we'd be doing our investors any good service by trying to predict that. What I do know is it's compelling. When it comes, it'll come and it'll have impact. And rather than put it in our estimates, we haven't. 
Miles White: Well, I'd say a couple of things. First of all, you earn your highest return on organic growth and not your highest return on M&A. And then I mean, as you know, a lot of M&A deals struggle to return a good return to shareholders. We've had, let's say, an excellent track record -- going back deep in our history with Knoll and Humira and so forth, we've had a really good track record with the M&A we've done over time. And we've managed those companies and their products well over time. So I'd say, first of all, you make much higher return on your organic growth. The growth we're getting from all of our businesses and even St. Jude is coming out of pipeline, and it's coming out of our own organic development, et cetera. And right now, those are the highest returns, those are the highest, biggest opportunities, and we certainly don't see gaps right now that we have to fill with M&A. So we're able to return a pretty good sales and profit growth rate across the business. We've also been careful over time. There's times to be in the M&A markets and there's times not to be. And when multiples are really high, bad time to buy. And -- but to be honest, I don't see anything right now that is so appealing that we feel like that's necessarily a good direction for us. And the kinds of things we might look at, well, I would never tell you anyway, and you know that. But right now, our opportunities are so good with our own organic products and execution that we don't need it. And there's not something that's so attractive -- all of the various investment banking houses that you can imagine have put many things in front of us as opportunities as they do every company, et cetera. So it's not like we're not aware of what opportunities may be out there. It's just they wouldn't meet our criteria. I don't see something compelling. I don't see something that we need. And right now, we're in a fortunate position where we've got very strong products and pipelines and strategies across all of our businesses.  I will say we can execute better in some places, but you can't buy that. So we fix our own execution with our talent and strategies and so forth. But it's just not necessary for us to put our money into M&A right now because I don't think we'd turn a better return for our shareholders now or at least in the foreseeable future doing that. We're going to make a lot more money for our shareholders, investing in our growth, investing in the products we have, investing in our expansion, investing in our own capital. And as you know, we have plenty of cash flow to do that, and we have plenty of cash flow that we can still return increasing dividends. And at some point here, we'll have a choice. We're going to keep paying down debt because I think it's a good idea. Our debt -- net debt-to-EBITDA ratio now is below 2, and as you know, it was more like 4 to 4.3 when we completed the Alere and St. Jude deals. That wasn't that long ago. So to have brought our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio down that far and that fast, and particularly, as we look forward in a rising interest rate environment or potentially so, depending on what you believe, I think we're doing the right things in the management of our balance sheet. I wanted to get that debt down fast; we have. I wanted to have strategic flexibility; we have it. What I really want is capital allocation flexibility to earn the right returns and the optimal returns for our shareholders, and I think we're in that position. So I just don't see M&A right now as a high priority. 
Miles White: Well, I get that speculation, jeez, if I don't get it every quarter, it's almost every quarter. So thanks for asking the question, Joanne. We like our mix right now. There's a role to everything in our portfolio. And the one I'm asked more frequently about than anything is Nutrition. And you can transact, you can try to make money for your shareholders with transactions, but I would say this: as you know, Joanne, I've been in this job a long time. And earlier in my tenure, there was a role for Nutrition in our portfolio. And I got the same question then. And one of the roles was it's got a global presence, global infrastructure. It's highly profitable, generates a lot of cash. And a lot of the M&A activities and other things that we did back in my earlier years benefited from the cash flows and position of Nutrition. And even today, there are great benefits to our Nutrition business to the company. And that's not to say that any given part of the company has to be part of it. It's clearly a different business as is our pharmaceutical business, et cetera. But today, I'd say, look, it makes sense as part of our company. I don't think we need to be considering a transaction just to do it. We're well valued. We're performing well. I don't honestly think I would create more value for our investors by separating it. If everybody asks you about it often enough, you go look at it. Okay, I've looked at it. I don't think we can create differential improved value for our shareholders than what is already being executed by us. I think that's a plus. I think that in general, while a lot of people might ask me about it, it's also performing well. I'm happy that it's performing a lot better than it did for a couple of years there. So it's just not on my radar screen. I don't think we're going to improve Abbott. I don't think we're going to create value by considering it. And I think we'll distract ourselves with that at a time we don't even need to be distracted. So it's just not on my radar screen as a way to create value for shareholders because I don't think it will. And I think it's being well valued as part of Abbott as is the rest of Abbott. So it's just not on my radar screen and -- nor do I think it's necessarily beneficial to us. I guess that's the simplest thing to say. 
Miles White: Rapid Diagnostics. We've reorganized the Rapid Diagnostics business into 4 segments. Each of them has their emphasis, their target. Each has an R&D plan. Each has a new product plan. We are increasing our investment in R&D also there. I can give you a couple of high points and examples. Infectious disease product, ID now, which we think has got a lot of potential that we're rolling out. The Afinion 2 cardiometabolic platform, another opportunity that we're putting emphasis behind. But I think there's -- generally speaking, there's a lot more possibility for us in incrementally updating and renewing a number of these platforms, and then there's newer stuff than that. And so when we took over the company, which we've now had in our possession a little over a year, one of our targets was to get our hands around the R&D of each of these segments and make sure we had an R&D plan in place, so there was a steady cadence of improvements and new products in each of these businesses. That does take a little time. In our first year, a lot of our focus was stabilizing the organization, its structure, the management, people, execution of what we've got, synergies, et cetera, which we've talked about. Now our attention turns to this, and it has been. I mean, we've been increasing our spending and increasing our focus on this. And that's what the management team is focused on now, is that new product cadence. So beyond that, I don't want to be more specific. Otherwise, we'll be tracking it all here. 
Miles White: Glenn, what you're also seeing there is a reduction in third-party royalty revenue, not share. The stent and the system, XIENCE Sierra, are capturing share, but what you're seeing is the roll-through of loss of a third-party revenue. 
Miles White: No, I don't think about it as dividing it equally. There's -- for any particular capital use, there's a timing, and there's -- or there's a need. If we got to invest in capacity internally and manufacturing and so forth, obviously, that's a good thing. And as I've said, we can afford all of that and more. We're keeping our dividend healthy. We target our dividend generally in a range 40% or higher of our EPS as a payout ratio, a nice healthy range. And a number of our peer group don't do that at all. So I think we've got a good healthy dividend. And that matters to us because we have a large segment of investors that care about that. With regard to M&A, M&A is necessarily opportunistic. It depends on the product, the company, the business, the timing, market values, multiple, all sorts of things. And right now, I don't see any of that lining up to say, "Wow, there's something we're dying to go look at." And then with regard to share buybacks, Rick, it sort of depends on valuations in the market. There's times when share buybacks aren't that economical and other times when they're high return. And on our case, right now, we've got the flexibility. If we want to do any kind of share buyback just to offset dilution and so forth, we can do that. And -- but I think you kind of -- you got to look at it and say, "Is that my best use of cash?" I still want to pay down debt. I don't want to assume we're just going to carry this forward. We paid down a lot of debt fast. It would actually be in our interest to keep doing that, to keep paying it down. I think we're well into a reasonable range now of debt, but we still want to keep paying that debt down. And our cash flow is strong enough that we do have choice. We do -- we have the ability to pay the dividend. We have the ability to do all these things. We can satisfy our capital needs internally. So I think -- I guess the best thing about it is we don't think about it in any mechanistic or formula way, dividing it in half or whatever. We kind of look at where the best -- where the need is and where the best return is. And I think it behooves us to leave ourselves also in a very strong position at a lower debt level. So we got places to use it and places to use it economically. When -- before tax reform, when so much cash was trapped overseas, we were fortunate that we had M&A opportunities to invest that cash for good return. We're not stuck like that now. We can manage cash, manage the cash flows of the company and so forth far more efficiently in terms of the best returns or the best needs. And that's kind of how we look at it. If we find that our best use of the cash or a strong use of the cash is share buybacks, we'd certainly consider that. But right now, I wouldn't say that's our highest priority either. It's still a high priority to just keep paying down the debt. And a couple of years down the road here, depending on what happens with interest rates and so forth, we'd probably be glad we did, and we'll have tremendous strategic flexibility and still have very strong cash flow. So I think it just depends on circumstances at a given point in time. 
Miles White: Oh, I think there's -- Rick, I think there's a number of product things that could do that. We've already mentioned MitraClip is a possibility. And it wouldn't take a whole lot, a couple of ticks in any of these businesses of improvement. Last year, our Nutrition business actually did better than we expected. We thought it would do better than prior years, but it did better than that and better than we expected. And some of those tick-ups make a big difference. And so I think if we turn the corner as we expect to and plan to, things like neuromod and other places where we know the fundamental underlying business is strong, it doesn't take a whole lot to sort of correct the underperformance of some businesses, whether it's our Point of Care business or neuromod or some of individual countries in the pharmaceutical business. And the upside here is fairly strong. 
