Brian Yoor: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2013. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are disclosed in Item 1a, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Brian Yoor: Yeah, David, I think -- this is Brian. We had a great quarter as you could see in nutrition that was driven by strong growth in China. That dynamic is not our dynamic and I know you and I discussed this a little bit. We are not as over-indexed in Hong Kong as our competition. If you look across Hong Kong and China, our shares are relatively the same. So we don’t see this dynamic impacting us but clearly there is an impact on the industry if they make restrictions of products that can cross the border there.
Brian Yoor: Larry, this is Brian. There were some impacts on the selling days. That’s something we’ve not stressed in the past calls, but it definitely impacted our nutritional business to where those sales would have been a little bit higher as well as the vascular side even to a little bit to an extent. You saw clearly the U.S I’d probably start with where the pressures are on the vascular side that you’re seeing. With there, we have seen some market pressures. We’ve seen like nearly a 10% decline in this market primarily pricing related and we are down a little bit on a share year over year basis. However, we are gaining share sequentially if you look through the fourth quarter to the first quarter where our share has picked up about a couple of points. And again, Xpedition I would say is early in its launch in the U.S. and so as we discussed before, we expect some continued share gain in the U.S and for that business to pick up as we move throughout the year on vascular.
Brian Yoor: Yeah, David, this is Brian. I will start it off here and perhaps turn it over to Miles or Tom for more perspective. But we have seen on a year-over-year basis the PCIs, to your point, volume being down approximately 5%. And we are still continuing to see pricing pressures on a year-over-year basis almost as much as 7%. You write these things out with the other dynamics of the market. That was the 10% that I was talking about being down year over year. I’d say sequentially we still are seeing some modest decline even sequentially in this price and PCI as well. If you look at some of the news that was out there and Miles mentioned it, there’s a lot out there in terms of the healthcare space with some of the health management associations then reporting that there’s certain utilizations that have just flattened off and we still continue to see that pressure. So for us in the U.S it really is going to be about the share momentum and gaining back as Miles mentioned with respect to the Xpedition launch.
Brian Yoor: Well, thank you, Elan and thanks to everyone for your questions. And that concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11.00 AM Central Time today on Abbott’s Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com, and after 11.00 AM Central Time via telephone at 402-998-0462; pass code 4638. The audio replay will be available until 4.00 PM Central Time on Wednesday, May 1. Thank you for joining us today.
Tom Freyman: Thanks Miles. Before we review our financial performance, I’d like to mention that yesterday we furnished an 8-K detailing the 2012 quarterly income statement for New Abbott on both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis with appropriate reconciliations. With that in mind our review of results for the first quarter of 2013 and our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2013 will reflect comparisons with 2012 ongoing baseline in the 8-K. So for the first quarter of 2013, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $0.42 at the upper end of our previous guidance range. Sales for the quarter were in line with previous guidance, with operational growth of 3.5% and 1.8% growth on a reported basis, which includes an unfavorable impact of 1.7% from foreign exchange. Sales growth was driven by strong performance across a number of products and businesses, most notably nutrition and diagnostics, along with strong growth across all of our business in emerging markets which grew 15% on an operational basis in the quarter. First quarter adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.8%, somewhat above our forecast due in part to the timing of exchange effect on this ratio. In the quarter, ongoing R&D investments was around 6.5% of sales and ongoing SG&A expense was around 32.5% of sales, both in line with expectations. Turning to our outlook for the full year 2013, today we’re confirming our ongoing earnings per share guidance of $1.98 to $2.04 which reflects double digit growth over 2012 at the midpoint of the range. Regarding sales, for the full year 2013 we continue to forecast operational growth, that is excluding the impact of foreign exchange in the mid to high single digits with a somewhat higher forecast for nutrition offset by somewhat lower expectations for vascular. Based on current exchange rates, we expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 1% on our full year reported sales. Brian will review the growth outlooks by business in a few minutes. We forecast an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio for the full year of approximately 55% consistent with guidance previously provided. We also continue to forecast ongoing R&D of 6% to 7% of sales and ongoing SG&A expense somewhat above 30% of sales for the full year of 2013. Overall we continue to project expansion of our full year adjusted operating margin by around 100 basis points in 2013, consistent with previous guidance. We continue to forecast net interest expense of around $110 million in 2013, non-operating income of approximately $20 million and around $50 million of expense in the exchange gain loss line of P&L. Finally, we continue to expect an ongoing tax rate of around 21% for the full year 2013 consistent with guidance previously provided. Turning to the outlook for the second quarter of 2013. We’re forecasting ongoing earnings per share of $0.43 to $0.45. Our operational sales growth in the second quarter is expected to be in the mid-single digits. At current exchange rates we would expect roughly 1% negative impact from exchange and sales in the second quarter. So that at these exchange rates we forecast reported sales growth approaching mid-single digits. We forecast an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio at around 54.5% of sales in the second quarter, which includes a negative impact from exchange of nearly 1%. We also forecast ongoing R&D at around 6.5% of sales and ongoing SG&A expense of somewhat under 32% of sales for the second quarter. So in summary, we are off to a good start in 2013 delivering at the upper end of our ongoing EPS expectations and confirming our 2013 ongoing earnings per share guidance. This outlook again reflects strong performance as we continue to build Abbott to deliver reliable top tier performance in the years ahead. With that let's turn to Brian for the operating highlights by business.
Tom Freyman: Yeah, we just had the timing of the flow-through of the exchange really just kind of -- it helped the first quarter a little bit and it will be a little bit of an offset in the second or the last three quarters of the year. I think the big -- the key message on gross margin is, as we look at the full year we are right on track with what we thought we would have as we talked about back in January. So it’s really just a timing thing, Mike.
Tom Freyman: Well, we are ahead of plan. When you look at the first quarter, when you see the Q come out, we got to see a really good operating margin for this business. I think you have to be a little careful with that and we really need to look at this on a full year basis because in the last three quarters we are planning some investments in the business and we are starting up the plants that Miles talked about. And so I wouldn’t straight line the margin you see in the first quarter out for the full year, but as Miles indicated in his remarks, year-over-year for the full year we expect 300 basis points of improvement in the operating margin in this year alone. Which gets us very well on the track towards the target he talked about. So we are ahead of plan and that business is really clicking on all cylinders when it comes to the margin expansion.
Tom Freyman: Kristen, as we entered the year it’s similar really to the way we view this even prior to separation. It’s a balanced approach. We pay a healthy dividend. We believe in a growing dividend. We execute on share repurchase each year and we did some of that in the first quarter and plan to do that this year. There is some degree of cash buildup and some potential of moderating on the debt level. So it’s a balanced approach and the cash flow of the company is good. We’ve projected $4 billion this year. That gives us a lot of options and it’s more the same as we progress through 2013.
Tom Freyman: Just to answer your question on core lab, Larry. We outlined this in the earnings release but there was kind of a comp issue in the blood banking business and we had a really strong unusual order last year that was really non-recurring. So I would not trend out that first quarter and you should see better performance in the U.S. on core lab.
Tom Freyman: Sure. Thanks, Larry. The gross margin is actually on an underlying basis improving across this business. We have about a 1% exchange headwind because of lag effect and hedges and the like, comparing '12 versus '13. And we said, we talked about this on the fourth quarter call that we would be flattish in gross margin but underlying is improving and it's just kind of tough year from an exchange comp perspective. So I think that’s pretty consistent with what we have said before. Regarding the tax rate, there are a couple of things. When you look at the tax rate in this base line, clearly it's a carve-out or residual of a carve-out. You know we ran the whole company the way we ran it and we repatriated for the whole company and this is what shook out relative to the Abbott that we are now running. So it's just -- that’s one thing to keep in mind. And really the two things that are causing the improvement over that carve-out if you will, is the tax law changes that were enacted and as you know at the beginning of the year, for the whole of 2012 we were unable to recognize any benefits associated with that. And there were certain provisions of that that went beyond the R&D tax credit that were helpful to the company. And we are seeing a shift of income to a better, lower tax jurisdiction, shall we say. Which is kind of a mix effect on income which is helping us to run at the 21% rate this year. So those are the reasons. And I guess, the other thing I would just note is, when you compare year-over-year progress in our growth, you know tax is helping it for sure but if you just call that aside and look at operating growth, we are still growing at that double-digit level, which is again the way we have built and what we hope to sustain the growth profile of this business. So that’s the explanation on the tax rate.
Tom Freyman: But obviously it’s very similar to what we’ve been talking about throughout this call. It’s really a tale of two markets. Developed world we’re more challenged, but the emerging markets grew 20% in the quarter in this and we’re seeing double digit PCI in a number of the Asian markets. So between this, MitraClip, ABSORB progress Xpedition launch and the like, there’s a portfolio of growth drivers that we believe are going to help level off this business and start it back on the growth path globally.
Tom Freyman: Rick, I would just say that when we went through our planning process last fall, I mean it was very clear what was coming in competitive bidding in the business and our plan totally factored in pretty much what had played out in the bidding process. So we are well covered in our guidance for the evolution of the U.S. market here.
Tom Freyman: Well, I did mention them when I gave my recap there. Share buyback has always been part of our mix of use of cash. We have bought a fair amount of shares in the first quarter and it's something we continue to look at as we progress through the year. So absolutely it's an important part of the mix for us, it's a good way to return cash to shareholders and obviously with the view we have about the long term of this company, it's a good investment for our shareholders. So, absolutely, it's part of the mix and we did execute on a fair amount of that in the first quarter.
Tom Freyman: I wouldn’t say that. I mean sometimes that fluctuates with the stock price fluctuations and the impact on diluted shares. But what we have is the target for deploying cash into share buyback and we executed on a fair amount of that in the first part of the year here.
Miles White: Well, it's a little bit of both. I would tell you that a little bit of improvement in developed market goes a long way but the emerging markets for us are showing pretty strong growth, and I would say even a bad day in an emerging market looks a lot better than a developed market right now. So when we look at some of these emerging markets and even at the very strong growth rates we see there, they are a little slower than what we may have historically seen in last couple of years. So I think it kind of depends. Unfortunately, they are not all binary and separated, they are linked. They are somewhat interdependent. And I would say we are seeing the roll through, right now in the developed markets of the actions, austerity actions that have been taken obviously in the last year to 15 months. And I think that’s going to be with us for a while. I know the senior management at Johnson & Johnson commented a little bit on that yesterday, and I though their comments were quite eloquent about that and quite correct, that it's going to take a while for this to roll through and for businesses or companies to lap the actions we have seen in the developed markets. But a little bit of improvement there as I said goes a long way. At the same time, the emerging markets are still very robust and strong comparatively speaking and frankly even in the absolute. So you know I think all of us, we look at our various businesses, it's really as you point out a two-part story. Developed markets, emerging markets, and they are pretty different. And so the tactics or the things that we put in place in any of those markets are different. We are expanding as rapidly as we can where the growth is. And we are finding better ways to be efficient and compete more effectively and frankly compete for share in the developed markets. So at the end of the day, while we have given guidance that we expect to be mid to high-single digits depending on how long sort of the economic conditions persist, will be towards the mid. And if it begins to improve, we will start to move the other way.
Miles White: Again, it's a little bit of both. We definitely get better as we lap some of last year. The developed market part of EPD in some ways has been more strongly hit than any other businesses, or that business in developed markets more strongly impacted because of just the direct impact of price cuts in Japan or Europe. And then of course you have got the Yen on top of it and we have got a pretty significant business in Japan there. So we have got a disproportionate index on the developed markets in EPD. So I think as we lap that it gets better. But at the same time, as you pointed out, the growth rate of the EPD in the emerging markets is about 9% and frankly I expect that to improve in the latter half of the year.
Miles White: Rajeev, this is Miles. I think that’s a pretty good summary right there. We’re definitely expanding in growth markets around the world both in headcount and promotional spending and so forth to support that growth and we’re doing that at a prudent rate. We’re also tightly managing the sales and marketing expenses in markets where we’re not going to get the return or aren’t getting the return. I would also say a little bit of what’s going on there and you’ll probably see this play out over the remaining quarters of the year. We’re putting an awful lot of emphasis on our G&A. it’s not that we want spend less or invest less in our sales and marketing support of our businesses or investment businesses, but I do want to run the company at a very efficient level from a G&A standpoint. And so we’ve put a lot of emphasis on how we are performing in all of our call it overhead or support functions around the world. It doesn’t matter what country you’re in for that one or what business and we’re looking at any duplication between our businesses and corporate and so on. Now that we’ve got a little different configuration of the company without the proprietary pharma business, it gives us an opportunity to look pretty closely at a lot of our support spending in G&A. that’s not something we can do in just a quarter, but over the coming quarters we’ll definitely be putting some emphasis on that. And is it enough that you could see that play out in the SG&A? Yes. The question is driven more towards gee, are you too tight on SG&A? I’d say no, we don’t feel like we’re starving SG&A. I think not at all actually. If we have the opportunity to invest more where we know we can get the return and grow, we’re definitely doing that. There’s a certain pace at which you can do that and a certain quality at which you can do that and we’re mindful of that, but we want to make sure we put that investment into the growth of the businesses. And I say the same with R&D. you look at the profile of R&D this quarter and it looks like it might be slightly down. That’s really a timing issue. We don’t like to shift or reduce any kind of R&D spending at all provided it’s productive. So we like the notion of investing more in R&D and we like investing it well and we don’t want to make our bottom line based on what we do with discretionary spending in SG&A or R&D. that bottom line needs to be driven by core performance at the gross margin level and that’s why we’re putting so much emphasis on the gross margin improvement in the businesses which is going quite well. That not only is good for the investor at the bottom line, but affords us more investment capability in R&D and SG&A. that’s a long winded answer, but there you go.
Miles White: Well, I’d say the uptake is taking a little longer to ramp than we might like, but it is coming along pretty nicely. We’re confident that this is going to be a workhorse stent for us over time and I think the initial trial and positioning of the stent has people trying it and you might even say in its initial launch it looks like it’s going to a very high niche. On the other hand, that’s the starting point, to get some experience with physicians and doctors. It’s our intent to drive it into what I would call very common workhorse use. And the pace of that is steady. I think we’re always going to be impatient and wanting to drive it faster. For a little while it was about having the range of sizes. We solved that in a number of our markets. So I expect that to continue to perform pretty well.
Miles White: Okay. You know what, I am going to let Brian or Tom answer your Hong Kong question because I think, frankly, the answer is, we are not having an impact. But we will give you more granularity on the impact we are not having.
Miles White: Well, we are thinking about how big it might be. I am not sure I can quantify it for you but we think it's a fairly significant opportunity and we are investing to, frankly, drive and create that market. And I think there is -- how would I put it -- I think it should be a terrific opportunity for us. It's a market that I think demographically and from a culture and a usage standpoint is perfect for Ensure. We are currently, as you know, investing in capacity for our liquids in the United States. We will probably -- we will enter that market first with our powder versions of Ensure and then we will transition to liquid then we will add on to our plants or one of our plants in Asia to give us the capacity to manufacture in or near market for Ensure. That’s one where we are very confident of the opportunity. I think almost any projection we put together will be wrong but I know it will all be good. So that’s when we look forward to running out as fast as we can, I would tell you. I think it's a big opportunity.
Miles White: Okay. I guess, Kristen, the first thing I would say is, we are pleased we got a favorable indication from the panel that we recently held with the FDA. But I have found over time it's never good to speculate about what the FDA may or may not do or may or may not think. You know we are hopeful and we are working as constructively as we can with the agency regarding U.S. But I don’t find it useful at all for us to speculate of put the FDA in a spot or whatever. You know we want them to work constructively with us and I think the best I can say is, we can't predict it and we are not in a position to really comment much further than that. And then I guess with regard to Europe and the 30 countries that it’s available in today, we’re pretty pleased with the performance. It’s been planted in 8,000 patients and we’ve had good performance with it. It’s growing quite nicely in the markets where we’re marketing it and growing at a very nice healthy double digit rate. We’d certainly like to bring it to the U.S for patients who are in the high risk and have no other option and we’ll just see how that plays out.
Miles White: David, I think the other thing I’d point out and I think Brian sort of covered it, first of all there are two dynamics going on here. One is BTI volume and one is the price. The quarter compares to a quarter a year ago. We also look at the most immediate past quarter, the fourth quarter in this case of 2012. So if you look at the current strength and current sequential trend, the difference you see versus a year ago has slowed considerably. So it’s PCI growth down 5%. Now on a sequential basis quarter to quarter barely a percent down. So the rate at which it’s declined would appear to be slowing, moderating, whatever, but it isn’t recovering. That part is true. It’s not recovering and the same I could say for price. Price hasn’t taken a lot of pressure over the last three, four, five months, but it certainly did versus a year ago. So we look at it both ways. What’s the case versus year going and how they’re trending right now. And I’d say both of those factors at least its impact has flattened modestly, slightly down maybe, but pretty much flattened, but it isn’t recovering. So it’s a pretty, as you said, it wasn’t temporary. It seems to be hanging in there. I think for a lot of the hospital segments frankly and I think hospitals today are even more aware of fixed budgets if not declining budgets and they’re putting a lot of pressure on utilization and or price procedures et cetera as they try to deal with hey, we’ve only got so much to spend and we’re trying to allocate it as best we can.
Miles White: I think first of all, it’s very heavily new market, new growth and that’s why those markets are growing. As their healthcare system expand, as the medical practices expand, as incomes expand and so forth, you actually see the evolution of two or three, sometimes four pricing tiers and segments. There’s often a call it a high end niche. There’s a midmarket. There’s a lower tier and sometimes a very low tier. All of them are growing and you see a migration of that mid-tier to the upper tiers in some cases. In a lot of case the multinationals and or exporters that are not local manufacturers in those markets are in those upper tiers and trying to move down and the local manufacturers in the lower to mid-tier is trying to move up. We see that in almost every business we’re in. but I would tell you in spite of the fact there’s multiple competitors, whether local or multinational and pretty healthy competition amongst us all, we’re all being driven by a heavy tailwind of growth in expansion and utilization in those markets as their healthcare system expands. So you can track in a lot of cases, and we were careful to look at this internally not to get too excited about our growth if we are not taking share. You know we want to be paying attention to whether or not we are winning in these markets and in the competition. It's wonderful to have the growth but at the same time we are mindful that your competitiveness is measured in your share as well. So I would tell you that the emerging markets are very very much a tailwind of growth but at the same time we are all mindful of the competition.
Miles White: Yeah, I am afraid it falls into the wait and see category. No, I am not seeing it yet. It's something we expect in the second half of the year. But no, we are not seeing it yet. I think what we are seeing right now is the flow-through of the measures in the past, as I said 12 months or 2012, there were a lot of pricing actions taken by governments and we are seeing that flow through the business now in the comps. And I would expect to see us lap some of that and see it moderate in the second half of the year but we haven’t seen it yet.
Miles White: Yeah, as I mentioned in my remarks, there were 45 of them that came through in the first quarter. There have been hundreds of submissions made to the various regulatory bodies around the world and one of the things we’re finding is that those regulatory bodies are capacity constrained in their ability to process registrations in a number of countries. So it’s slower going than we might hope, but we’re making progress and it’s something that each of our local regulatory people is working through with the various regulatory bodies in each country. But we’re making progress with it and as we do it’s gradually expanding the product lines. One of the things we’re trying to do is prioritize into those registrations that are higher volume, higher likely usage and so forth ahead of those that are less so to fill out our product launch. Trying to get the priority straight. That’s not always easy to do with the regulatory body because their interests aren’t necessarily the same as our interests. But we’re making progress there.
Miles White: I guess I’d answer it a couple of different ways. I don’t feel any particular pressure because I think there’s a balance between the things you might like to do strategically or look at versus the pricing or the values in the market or whatever the case may be. We like to think, I’m sure every business and competitor out there likes to think that we are prudent stewards of shareholder values and that we make prudent deals and so forth when we do. Our track record has been pretty good that way. But we’re mindful of that and I think it depends. There have been some areas of the business that we’ve wanted to expand obviously and I think I’ve commented in the past. We’re looking at quite a wide variety of potential things in the device businesses to expand our device footprint and platforms and so on. But it depends where and when they’re ready and or we like what we see at the value we see, et cetera. So I’d say we’re always active there. We were not so active last year because first of all I think a lot of things weren’t ready and secondly we were pretty focused on all of the activity with regard to the separation. But having the separation activity behind us, we’re able to turn our attention now to what some of those things may be, but it doesn’t mean we’re out on a buying spree either. I think we tend to be pretty selective. We always balance it versus the value of the business and what we can do with the business and the capacity of our businesses to absorb additional new things to do because whether it’s big or small it takes a lot of effort to put it into your portfolio and drive it appropriately. So I’d say we’re actively looking there. We’re not trying to -- I’d say in the device businesses and so forth, we’re not U.S versus not U.S or overseas or whatever. I think as everyone in this market can tell, it’s often faster to be in the markets in Europe than it is in the U.S these days and I think that’s fairly apparent. But that doesn’t mean you only buy ex-U.S businesses or look at licensing products ex-U.S. the U.S is still a very important market to us and it’s one in which we have ambitions to keep growing in our device businesses. So there’s no distinction geographically there at all. In our EPD business, that business is not in the U.S and it has no intention to be. So any interest we have in properties there that might expand our geographic footprints would all be ex-U.S. and again, we follow that pretty regularly, but I have to say the valuations and things that we’ve seen in a lot of cases haven’t made sense to us. So we’re careful about that. And then in nutrition I’d say our nutrition business has some interest in some things. I would characterize them as relatively small and given the growth rate of the business, I don’t think there’s any need there. It would have to be a particular opportunity we thought had robust potential because with the way the business is performing you don’t want to over distract it with an acquisition or integration when it’s hitting on all cylinders like it is. So I’m sure that kind of describes the waterfront there. I am intentionally not going to be specific with you about what we may be looking at. When we were doing our road shows last fall, I did get a lot of questions on it from investors and analysts. And I always get specific questions about specific businesses or specific segments, that I realize our investors have other investments in and they are trying to triangulate on interest. But there is nothing I have been asked about that we haven’t been following or looking at closely or studying, or looking at in some fashion. I think one of the things that makes any company successful in the M&A or licensing area is that you have done your homework and you have been doing it overtime, so that when you finally decide to make a move with something, you know you have had a lot of diligence and you know why you want to do it and so forth and you are ready. And I would tell you that that’s always been our practice to kind of be on top of whatever portfolio of opportunities there might be for us.
Miles White: Well, I don’t necessarily target the businesses by -- or the interest strategically by where the cash is. You know we first look at the strategic fit of any given business of interest to us, with the businesses we are in or what we can do with it. And obviously we look at returns and all the obvious and important metrics that we ought to look at. And then depending on our access to cash or where that business maybe, we have that as a consideration. But I would tell you, we don’t start with that as a constraint, we don’t start with it as necessarily the determining factor of where we ought to be hunting or looking. And our interest outside the U.S. is because, frankly, that’s where the growth is and it's an awful lot of growth and we want to feed that growth. So to the extent that we can invest in that growth, we do. And therefore in some ways it's very convenient to have significant portions of cash outside the U.S. to support that growth. Now having said that, there are things that we also are interested in that are in the U.S. and device businesses in particular tend to be U.S. centric, at least as a point of resonance. And we don’t feel like we are particularly constrained or unable to react to ones that we are interested in to acquire. We have found it possible to manage our cash and our returns appropriately. So while I would say it would be nice if the U.S. government continued its efforts with tax reform at some point which would find a path to allow companies economic repatriation that would certainly be in everybody's interest. But right now it's not determining where we focus our M&A activity.
