Robert Ford: Sure, Josh. I mean the confidence level is very high, especially with this kind of momentum that we're seeing. Clearly, there's going to be some macro environment challenges as companies head into 2024. But I'd say our portfolio has really been built to withstand this type of environment, and we tend to do pretty well in this type of environment.  And as I said in my comments also, we've further strengthened the portfolio and the position that we had with the investments that we made during the pandemic, and that's helped lead to a step up here in our growth rate this year. The base business has grown double digits, 3 quarters in a row, and I expect to be doing that again in Q4. And if you look at the EPS contribution, as I said in the comments, it's really having a positive impact and a lot of power coming through on the base business as we continue to grow that, and it's sequentially gotten better every quarter.  So we're forecasting other step up in the fourth quarter. So if you look at that EPS for the fourth quarter and put it all together, the base business here is going to contribute to about $4.10 of EPS and we've raised that twice this year. So there's clearly momentum that's building here both on the top and the bottom lines. And I believe that momentum is going to sustain and continue as we go into 2024.  I think it starts, Josh, always with the top line. And if you can drive a higher top line growth, I think that's really the building block. And if you look at our -- let's say, our pre-pandemic kind of growth formula here, we were growing around 7%. So I expect that to accelerate in next year without a doubt. And that's off a much larger sales base than when we were pre-pandemic. And like I said, that's based off the momentum that we're seeing, and increased contributions that we'll be seeing from a lot of our growth drivers that I'm sure we'll be talking about throughout the call.  The Street models double-digit EPS on the base business right now, and I feel real good about our ability to deliver that. Obviously, a lot of focus is going to come from gross margin and gross margin expansion. And I think we've got momentum and tailwind here as we're going to go into 2024. So when we go to our call in January, I'll be able to kind of quantify that and give you better ranges on all of that.  But I'd say it's really about reiterating and reinforcing our growth model, our growth framework, which is high single-digit revenue growth, double-digit bottom line growth, margin expansion, strong free cash flow generation and a balanced capital allocation strategy. So again, I feel very good about sustaining this momentum going into next year. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, China has been and will continue to be an important market for us. As it relates to, I think, this theme on this anticorruption discussion points there. Listen, we've been operating in China for 35 years. We follow our compliance standards follow all applicable laws. I didn't see any kind of meaningful impact in Q3. Larry, I was actually there last week and had a chance to meet with the teams and go through the businesses and I didn't really see any meaningful impact. Devices grew 20% in the quarter. So I think that's -- we'll just have to keep on monitoring that situation, but I didn't see any real impact in the quarter. As it relates to VBP, listen, this is a term that's used for China, but I think it's just a common theme that we see across the world with governments trying to provide the care to their populations and manage their budgets. So I don't think this is anything completely extraordinary than what we've seen. There was a VBP on the EP business.  That process started earlier this year in April, I'd say about 80% of the market has now been implemented and expect the remainder of that to be implemented by year-end. Yes, there's a little bit of a price impact that we felt. But net-net, it was a positive for our EP business in China because we're able to pick up share and pick up volume. So I think that's the status there. I think as announced a VBP on diagnostics. That's not unexpected either.  I think the process will start sometime in the first half of next year. Right now, from the list of products that we've seen, it involves about 20% of our Core Lab business. And then as we've seen with businesses that have capital and service tied to it, the rollout is a little bit different from the rollout that you see on what I would call more pure consumables. So it's more of a kind of phased approach like we saw in EP. Each province will go and do their implementation. So it will take a few quarters to implement here.  But like I said, I don't think these are different than what we see in other markets in terms of how we manage the balance of our technology and our access. But I'd say China is still a big opportunity of growth, not just in Devices and Diagnostics, but in Adult Nutrition in our Pharma business. So it's an important market for us, and the team is doing a really good job at operating there. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, we had a really good quarter, up 28%. International was up 26%. U.S., we continue to do pretty well in the plus 30% range there. And to your point, we saw a nice impact from that basal coverage, especially in the international markets, right? And it's nice to see the international growth accelerate again.  I remember last year, the question mark about  our international growth and a lot of our focus was on our upgrade strategy for Libre 3. So getting the sales team now reworking the demand generation. And a lot of that growth is, as you pointed out, we're seeing nice growth from that basal segment, especially in France and Japan, where we got reimbursement -- differentiated reimbursement, right?  We've added about 150,000. I think that was the day that we reviewed over the last 12 months, of basal users onto the user base. And if you look at that last 12 months, a larger portion of that $150,000 was happening towards the second half of that. So there's definitely acceleration ongoing there. I was actually surprised to see the speed at the U.S. coverage.  So right now, about, I'd say, of commercial payers have now adopted some level of basal coverage. So that's very positive. So both those 3 markets, U.S., Japan and France are doing very well, in terms of basal and basal coverage and providing that kind of tailwind of growth. And again, there's a lot of good data to be able to support while that it benefits these types of patients also and saw that in the data that we presented with the French claims data. So I'd say, yes, it's a great opportunity. It's not something that's happened.  We've been focusing on this, generating the clinical evidence, building the sales forces to be able to reach a primary care team, investing in direct-to-consumer advertising where we're allowed to do that. And that's a key growth driver here of this target, we have to reach $10 billion by 2028. I'd say that's an important growth driver. It's not the only growth driver, but it's an important growth driver, and we've got a lot of good momentum there, Robbie. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean you're -- not sure we'll do a planned review here. But I mean there's a lot there. I'll try and touch on some of the topics there. I mean I'd just go back to -- we have a growth model and a growth forecast that I'd say, during the last 2 years has been masked a little bit by COVID and the ups and downs of COVID testing, but being able to sustain high single-digit growth, double-digit growth in the bottom line that's what we've been doing this year, a pretty significant double-digit bottom line because we forward invested back in 2022.  So if you look at our top line growth, right now, we haven't had to put as much SG&A to build but to kind of support that growth this year. So -- but the growth model of that high single-digit growth and double-digit bottom line growth is happening throughout this pandemic with COVID testing. And as the COVID testing numbers come down, you get to see that a little bit more now. So I feel good about delivering that in 2024. Yes, there's a macro environment that's out there.  But as it relates to all the elements that are directly in our control, I feel very good about it. Your comment on Electrophysiology, yes, we'll have competition. We have competition today. We grew -- in Europe, we grew mid-teens and we've been growing mid-teens for the first 9 months with the competition that you referred to. So we feel good about our position. there. On MitraClip, we've seen double-digit growth in MitraClip for the last 3 quarters, big driver of that has been international and growth international, and we're starting to see a little bit now of a rebound in U.S. U.S. was up 5% in MitraClip this quarter.  And again, that's sequentially better from the previous quarter and sequentially better from the one before that. So -- and we've had competition in that space also we've had competition internationally and we've had competition in the U.S., too. So again, you referred to comps, see yes, there's -- listen, I'm not going to deny there's some comps. Obviously, probably the biggest one there is nutrition this year. But every year, there's comps. Every year, a company has got comps. And I'd say if you remove some of those comps from our Q3 would still be growing double digits also. So again, I feel good about our high single-digit growth forecast. I feel good about our double-digit EPS growth. We've got a lot to work with.  Yes, there's challenges, but we have a lot to work with. We've got a great pipeline of products that we're going to be -- that we've not only just launched, but that we're going to be launching also. So yes, there's always puts and takes, Danielle. But I think in the aggregate, if you look at the aggregate of our positions in these markets, I think we're in a real strong position. 
Robert Ford: Yes. Well, listen, we've completed 3 transactions over the last 6 months. We acquired CSI and in the process of integrating that business. I think it's going to be a nice addition to our vascular business and start to reposition that business to kind of more higher growth markets. This quarter, we announced the acquisition of Bigfoot and this is just going to be able to allow us to broaden our offerings with Libre and provide a nice opportunity from a global perspective, and then also an announcement on the EPD side to expand access to biosimilars.  So we've been active, and we continue to be active. Yes, I think valuations have come down. The same way they came down, let's say, post pandemic in that 2022 time frame. It's a good opportunity. Like I've said, I think sometimes companies need to understand if it's a short term or if there's something more fundamental in that valuation, but we're in a great strategic position to be able to execute on our M&A strategy, which is really focused on can we add value to the asset.  And does it fall into our strategic framework of areas that we want to invest in and growth in the ones that I highlighted here are strategic, and we believe that we can add a lot of value to them. So we've got plenty of capacity to engage. And if there's the right opportunity that comes along in this period, we'll be ready. 
Robert Ford: Yes. So the way this is kind of working out, right, this was announced recently, I think proposals are due within the provinces that are going to be bidding, Vijay, I'd say, in the next 30 days, right? And then there's like another 30 days, 30 to 60 days to evaluate all the proposals.  So I think that this is going to probably start, I'd say, late Q1 and into Q2. Right now, the list of assays that are on VBP equate to about 20% of the market. So our annual sales are in China are about $1 billion. So -- and then if you look at the specific assays, it's infectious disease, there's some fertility assays there, et cetera. So that's where the -- that's where the VBP is kind of focused on.  I haven't heard and team hasn't heard about expanding that to other areas of other areas of testing, such as oncology or hormones or other areas like that. So right now, I'd say, this is going to be our focus in 2024. If there's volume upside to begin, yes, there could be volume upside to be gained. I mean we do have good market share in some of these segments and others, we have lower market share, so it presents us an opportunity.  So I think in areas where you've got higher market share, you'll feel more price. And then if you can offset that price by gaining volume in segments that you've got lower share. So I don't think that's rocket science there, and we'll just have to see how that all plays out. But we've had experience gone VBP in China. We've gone through it with stents. We've gone through it with EP certain parts of our pharma business, certain parts in CRM also. So team knows how to do this. They know to kind of think about it and manage it pretty well. We adjust some of our -- our cost structure is also as a result of that. So I think the team has got a good formula here how to manage it. And we'll just have to see how this kind of plays out. 
Robert Ford: Yes. So we'll have to see how -- what other companies report to go to see if we're gaining or losing share right now. But I'd say we still have got good, robust growth. I'd say as we look into 2024, I'd expect us to grow generally in line with market, which has historically been double digits. We've got some good innovation that's rolling out on the RF side. And as we've spoken about our EP business, we talk about PFA. That's going to be a product that's going to be really geared towards AF ablations, you still have VT and SVT ablations, where we do have good positions over there. A good portion of our sales are also on the mapping side and the mapping and the diagnostics and those consumables. So I see those being less impacted also.  So I'd say for 2024, we've got a good opportunity with our EP portfolio to be growing there in line with the market. And I think to the previous question, yes, we've got plenty of different shots on goal here to be able to deliver our high single-digit growth rates. And we've got a very rich portfolio, and we're in exciting markets. Yes, Lingo didn't touch on it because it wasn't asked, but now that you have asked, yes, it is a great growth opportunity for us.  We're launching it in the U.K., I'd say, I'd call it more of a controlled launch, Vijay, to understand kind of the marketing mix, the marketing messaging, the positioning, the inner positioning with Libre and the learnings we've got are fantastic, and I'm excited about a full-on launch in the U.K. starting next year. And then the opportunity to be able to bring that here to the U.S. I've been public about our intention to file Lingo here in the U.S. by the end of the year. And I think that's going to provide another great opportunity for growth for us also. 
Robert Ford: Yes, it's my understanding here that we'll see a launch sometime by the end of this year with Tandem. And we're excited about that. There's about 150,000 to 200,000 new pump users globally. So I think this is an area that we've historically haven't been a player in, and now we will be a player in. We've launched an AID system in Europe, let's say, more towards the end of last year into this year, and I was reviewing the results of the team.  I mean that pump company has had tremendous kind of growth partnering with us. And so that's a proof point there that when you bring in the choice and the option and you put it together with Libre that there's a real strong value proposition to connecting the pump with Libre.  And then as I've said, we want to be a leader in this space, not just be a competitor. So there's a lot of work ongoing right now with our dual analyte glucose ketone sensor, which we believe there's a lot of applications there, Matt, but I think one of the clear applications and value propositions is to be able to kind of pair that with an insulin pump and have a much more richer algorithm and safety algorithm in the insulin delivery system. So we feel good about that. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Yes, there's visibility. I mean, the visibility is in the first half of 2024, then I'd say no, but we do have a plan to be able to kind of drive gross margin and gross margin expansion. I'd say as you look at it into next year, Jayson, there's really a couple of elements here that will be tailwinds for us. I'd say lower commodity costs, that for sure. And those were pretty big headwinds for us in, I'd say, in 2022 and 2023.  On one hand, you've got commodity costs in nutrition, but you also got other commodity costs that are impacting the entire company. And what we have seen, and I think a lot of companies have seen this is those commodity costs start to bend and move down the other way. So -- and that will be particularly important for us as we think about nutrition, which is highly dependent on a large number of commodity and commodity inputs.  Seeing a lower freight and distribution. And again, I think a lot of companies are seeing that, but we're seeing that not only just in terms of rates but also with more normalized supply chains, we can use different modalities of freight that can also lower cost and not using air all the time. So that's going to help. We've got a, I think, a pretty robust process and teams in place that work on gross margin and gross margin improvement plans have been very busy, I'd say, over the last 12, 18 months, I expect those teams to continue to deliver on their strategies to deliver cost reductions, and then favorable product and portfolio mix, right?  So as our faster-growing, higher-margin businesses and new products become a large portion of our overall sales and sales mix. I think that also contributes to that. So yes, we understand that gross margin is key to be able to deliver on that double-digit bottom line EPS growth. And we're -- this is something that we work on every year. And I think we've got a little bit more of a better environment for our teams to work on. So on your COVID question, I'll ask Phil to give you the details there. 
Robert Ford: Okay. So I'll just wrap up here with a few comments. It's clear that we're seeing broad-based growth across the entire company. As I said in my comments, we've now delivered double-digit organic sales growth here for the past 3 quarters and forecasting that type of growth again this next quarter EPS contributions and the growth in the base business has increased every quarter, and we've exceeded the expectations we set for the initial guidance of the year. The pipeline to some of the points that were made there, a big kind of opportunity for us going into 2024 is our pipeline, and it continues to be productive with several new product approvals, indications reimbursement and geographic expansions there. So momentum is clearly building and well positioned for a strong end of the year and going into 2024.  So with that, I'll wrap up and thank you for joining us. 
