Robert Ford: Sure. As I said, if you look at our script data, if you want to look at the U.S. data, we had a very good quarter as it relates to kind of script. And beginning of the year, I talked about how we were deploying a lot of demand-generation strategies here, whether it was sales force expansions, direct-to-consumer advertising, et cetera. And you can see that those that follow the weekly Rx data, you can see that inflection point starting in the first couple of weeks of January here versus where we exited. So our scripts between Q1 of 2020 and Q4 of '19, the scripts actually grew 35% sequentially, obviously, over 100% if you look at it over year-over-year. So the sequential growth rate there that maybe you're referring to is really focused here on just kind of timing of sales and sales shipments in the quarter. I expect to see that shipment, selling mimic what we've been seeing in our Rx generation in the U.S. that you saw in the first quarter. And I think that speaks a lot to the value proposition of FreeStyle Libre. It is not only is it accessible, affordable, but it's easy to use, it's easy to start patients on the product. So I think that we've seen that play out here even within the situation that we saw with COVID in the U.S. And you're right in international business has done very, very well, growing at very high rates, and that's off a very, very large base. So I'm very pleased with the international business. I think there's more work to be done there for sure. We're starting to roll out the Libre 2 product in Europe and in the international markets a little bit more intentionally with that expansion. I think we showed some of our accuracy data on Libre 2 in the European conference beginning of this month, and I think that's going to help fuel a lot of our growth also in the international markets, too. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Listen, I'd say right now, we've done a lot of work on our balance sheet over the last couple of years. We've talked a lot about the work we've done to improve our leverage ratios, the work that the organization has done to improve our cash conversion cycle. So yes, our financial strength here is very strong. As Bob talked about, we've got a strong cash position here towards the end of the quarter, close to $4 billion. We have access to credit facilities. And we've got businesses that are strong cash flow generators, and that's going to be important as we go forward. We don't have a lot of debt maturing or coming due here in the next couple of years. So I don't foresee our capital allocation strategy here to kind of really change at this point. Where -- we have a strong dividend, we pay a strong dividend, and we're going to continue to do that. That's an important part of our identity. We haven't done a lot of share repurchases historically. Most of the time when we do that, it's really just to try and offset some of the dilution. I think Bob and the finance team, I would say, is definitely looking at our CapEx and our CapEx spending. I don't -- we'll probably see some slowdown a little bit in that. And the team -- I know Bob is kind of working on that. We'll see how that's going to look like but that will just be a factor of getting the work done. And right now, there are some of our projects that require people to be building sites, et cetera. So we'll continue to focus on that. We'll continue to build our capacity expansions that we've talked about in the past. But we'll probably see some phasing a little bit over there. And on your question on M&A, I mean, I'm not really looking at anything. As we talked about it, there's an opportunistic side to it and then there's a strategic side to it. And on the strategic side, I just don't see anything right now that fits what we want to do and where we want to go. And quite frankly, our execution here -- again, going back and maybe this sounds a little bit broken record here, but we've just got so many opportunities in our existing portfolio to keep on focusing on, and now you layer on top of that the opportunity we have on our testing platforms. So our big focus here is on internal execution. 
Robert Ford: Sure. On the testing side, I mean, we talked about achieving a manufacturing ramp up here as we come out of the gates with the ID NOW platform at about 1.5 million tests, and we're on target to do that definitely throughout the middle of this month here. And we're making improvements in the manufacturing process and adding more shifts, et cetera, to be able to expand that to get to 2 million tests by June. And that's what we've talked about. And right now, we're on plan, on target to be able to kind of deliver on that expansion. Obviously, we need more than 2 million of the ID NOW tests, so we're looking at how we can ramp up. As I explained in the beginning, on the first question, these manufacturing processes are highly precise, highly automated, so that we can get the performance and reliability of the product. So these involve making -- setting up manufacturing lines and you don't do those in a week or 2 weeks. So there's a lot of work going on there, but we know we need to -- we know that there's a need for more ID NOW tests. And on the m2000, we made the commitment here to ship 1 million tests in the month of March, which we did. We talked about shipping 4 million tests in the month of April, and we're on target to do that, to manufacture 4 million tests, and we're on target to do that. We've moved the team along to find ways that we can expand that, and the teams are working on that also. So I'd say right now, that 5 million tests mark on those 2 tests is where we're at. And as we make progress with our manufacturing ramp-ups, we will be clear about what the market can expect from. 
Robert Ford: Yes, to answer your question on the accuracy. Right now, the label we have is, if you do the test 14 days post symptoms, the sensitivity of the test is 100% and the specificity of that test is 99.5%, and that's over 1,000 samples. So I think we've got a very, very accurate, reliable test here to be able to work on. Obviously, if you try and do this test 5 days after you've been exposed to the virus, your body hasn't produced enough antibodies to be able to be detected at a reliable, accurate level. So that's why when I talked about how we've set up our tests, the forms, the different form factors, that the use of the antibody test is more to look towards a couple of weeks after somebody has been exposed. Have they built enough antibodies that they've defeated the virus? So that's the data. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean as I said, we have to look at the suite of tests as not -- one test is not the panacea. You need to look at the comprehensive suite of testing and deploy them in the right ways over here. As I said, I think the serology test here is very reliable as we roll this out for the antibodies. We're working on an IgG -- on an IgM antibody test also. Obviously, as companies are thinking about coming back to work, the way we're looking at this a little bit is, okay, we know that there's going to be a little bit different -- work a little bit differently the way we've historically been working. So maybe not a lot of big kind of meetings. 20 people, 30 people in the meeting rooms will probably be a little bit different than that. I think we'll see people wearing masks. I think we'll see more cleaning of door knobs and elevator buttons and all of that. And I think that's ongoing right now. I think there are a lot of companies that are doing this right now, and that seems to be working. So if you now add on to all of those protocols kind of the lateral flow test here that's got a very strong sensitivity, reliability, et cetera, and you add that on and you can test at companies using an occupational health team, et cetera, that will be an additional layer of security, of testing that will be on top of like thermometers and everything I just described also. So I think it's going to be an important tool. And I think that we've talked about this a lot in terms of microclimates. We try to think about everybody coming back at once, and then you use all this data that you just referenced, prevalence and sensitivity and specificity, and you try and look at that at very large populations. We need to think about it more in terms of like a factory, an office building, a school. And then running these tests will allow you to -- on top of what you are doing, provide another tool to be able to assist companies and schools, et cetera, get people back to work. So I think that's how, at least, we're looking at it, and I think how I've heard other companies looking at how to reopen, how to get back. 
Robert Ford: Well, I can appreciate you trying to figure out 2021 already, Vijay, but listen, I think it's pretty tough right now for us to figure out how exactly Q2 is going to look like, let alone next year. But I think you raised some of the unknowns here that really make it difficult to predict how fast the economy recovers, how fast hospitals return to normalcy, how does our testing platform and how's the testing environment evolved. Listen, we're all hoping for a fast recovery here, but if it takes longer, we'll have strong demand for testing. And that will continue to help buffer the impact. I do think there's a lot of pent-up demand here on cardiovascular devices and diagnostics. And I think hospitals are figuring out how they're going to get back to work. I think there's a lot of patients that are in need of care. And I think that -- I can't -- I don't know if we can predict exactly when it's going to come back. But I do think that when it does come back, I think you'll see these device procedures, which are extremely important -- as truly important in the care continuum, et cetera, that we will see them come back. So that's probably my best answer for you is I believe that we'll see a recovery towards the second half of this year in these elective procedures. And you can kind of try and model out what kind of V-shape is it. Is it -- does it look more like an L? Does it look more like a V? Is it something in between, et cetera? But I think that's how, at least, we're looking at the rest of this year. 
Robert Ford: No. So on the question there of testing and testing supplies and shortages there, I mean I think when you look at kind of what we've done, I mean, we've made sure, obviously, that when we ship out our test, they have everything they need to test, whether it's controls, calibrators, whether it's swabs and ID NOW, those come together here. So from Abbott's perspective, we're trying to make sure that they have everything that they need. I do think that some of the challenges you have is potentially workflow. At least for us, we've got our m2000s. They're in regional hospitals, regional labs, which is a good thing because you can now have not only your big central labs doing a lot of centralization, but then you can use the regional network to be able to get to test.  And I just think it's a workflow process here, how to get the samples. I think a lot of hospitals might not want to be doing a lot of mass testing into the hospital. So how do you collect the samples? And then how you bring them into the hospital? And then how do you get them out? So I think that's probably one of the bigger challenges. And I think that the team, whether it's on the federal government side and also with a lot of governors, are figuring this out. And they're sharing how they're doing it and sharing best practices. And at least on our side, we're starting to see a ramp-up here on the m2000. But there's obviously more that they can do. 
Robert Ford: Yes, sure. So on the molecular test, listen, molecular test is the gold standard for accuracy. RNA testing, testing viral load, et cetera, is the gold standard. And if you look at how we did the test, obviously, it's -- it was worked in conjunction with the FDA, using a testing model that was provided by the FDA. The tests are performed at 100% of the expected outcomes in the samples for both negative and positive results. So I think the ID NOW system is very reliable. The other, m2000, we use levels of detection. And I mean, you can go through levels of detection labels, and you could see the accuracy and reliability of the m2000 versus the other systems that have been approved also. So -- and as I said, the use of the antibody test is just going to be an important tool in conjunction with kind of molecular testing to be able to screen, test and manage the population. So we'll see how that's going to kind of roll out, and it will follow kind of the vision that we've kind of thought of, having both a lab-based system and a lateral flow-based system. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Larry. I was waiting for the Libre question. Let me answer your CMS question over here on secondary MR. As you as you'd expect under these circumstances here, CMS has delayed the issuance of the proposed NCD. We were previously expecting that to be mid-February. But given the current circumstances, the delay here isn't really having an impact on our business. I'm confident in the process. I'm confident that we've been working with them and the different societies over here. And this will move forward on the appropriate time. On Libre 2, I guess I sound like a broken record here, Larry, but what I'll say is, I'm very confident in the product the same way that I've been saying. I'm confident. I mean I think some of you might have seen the accuracy data that we published at the European conference beginning of February. So I'm very encouraged about resolving these -- some of these kind of open items here in the near future with the FDA. We're just working through some finishing items. So -- but like I said, that's not holding back Libre or Libre's growth here. So more to come. 
Robert Ford: Yes, there's been some discussion on clinical trial and clinical trial regulatory time lines here. Our near-term forecast here wasn't really overly reliant on kind of any patient enrollment end points. There's obviously been some delays in some of the enrollment, and as we've seen a kind of mandate here to pause some of these procedures here. So -- but I think once this is over, for the ongoing trials that have kind of longer time lines here, we'll look at opportunities that we'll have to accelerate enrollment and make up for some time here. So let me just say here then, closing here. I think we had a pretty unusual quarter here for us. I think you saw the strength of our diversified business model come through here in true strength. Some parts of the business, we did have some challenges, as I've described. Other parts of the business have been pretty stable, and I think they'll continue to be pretty stable. And then there are others that are performing at very high levels. And I think we'll start to see on the testing side, how fast we can ramp up. The team here has done an amazing job around the world, not only to develop the test, but also the manufacturing, the supply chain teams across the world, across our network have done an incredible job. I think our -- I said our financial strength here is pretty strong. I think we had that question here, and we'll continue to look at ways to improve on that. And as I said, we believe that there is a recovery, and we'll start to see that, I believe, in the Q3, Q4 time frame. I think health care is a little bit different than you might expect from maybe other industries. So once we get better -- a better sense of how that's going to look like towards the second half of the year, we'll definitely be updating and providing some more qualitative updates on that. So okay. 
