Brian Yoor: Thank you, [Ella] (ph), and good morning, and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Some statements made today maybe forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2014. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott’s operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. In today’s conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott’s ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which exclude the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Miles. So Mike, yes, I’d say math, I mean, you get about 4%. I think you need to go back to Q1 and look at what we had said in Q1 last year in our Pediatric International Nutrition business. I think we grew somewhere around 21%, and historically we have been saying more, think of this business kind of sustainably performing in the mid-teens. So we’re up against the comparison last year which is worldwide. We launched a lot across our dollars portfolio and adjusting for that, it puts you more back up into to the double digits. So as we move forward, we are in a good position. We continue to recover in China, so we are seeing the recovery there. You see where we just launched a new product, if you will. They will help us to further compete as we segment the premium market over there. There is opportunities for there for us with our new product that I mentioned with Eleva and even more opportunity to come here as we open our plant in the second quarter, which will also provide further capabilities there as well and will also bolster our return back to our historical growth rates there. But basically, when you look at the first quarter, you do have a comparable that you’re facing in Q1 where we’re launching a lot of tolerance across the portfolio.
Brian Yoor: Mike, I'd say, from my part, I was also caught a little off-guard by being ahead so far in the quarter. And we have looked at it, how much of it is real timing and how much of it is real? And I think, the fact to the matter is, we went into the year with the double-digit target, our original guidance was double-digit. We did not constrain SG&A, R&D spending in the settling of those targets relative to the goals we have, the new product launches, the expansion opportunities and so forth. And frankly, I'm favorably pleased -- I am pleased that we are ahead on a number other things that we wanted to do. I think even though you didn't ask me, I want to see another quarter play to see what those underlying trends are. I still think it's early in the year to be making adjustments to expectations. But frankly it's possible. I think at the end of the second quarter we will have a pretty good feel for how things are trending for the year and into the second half. I don't really have any desire to constrain spending, but I don't have any desire to constrain what the bottom-line does either, I mean, if, even though we forecast that arrange to give us 10% growth at the midpoint of the range, that's actually low for us in terms of double-digit growth over the last seven years. We’ve been higher than that in our overall growth in the last seven years every year. So I think there is a pretty good chance, some of this is sustainable. I think we’ll see another quarter played in if we get a little boost from gradually improving economy and so forth. I feel pretty good about the second half. I feel pretty good about the profiles of the businesses. I feel good about our spending capacity. I would like to spend more, but I know that’s always a trade-off with investors you like to participate to. So I think that’s possible in both directions. And I’m pleased that we can balance this timing a bit, but I’m also pleased that I think we’re ahead. I’d just like to see how ahead we are and what kind of sustainable basis and make sure that we are robustly funding everything we want to do.
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Miles. Yes, I think, Jeff, to think about that over the Q2, Q3 timeframe, as the way this works is you had inventory with the distributors, those distributors will be working off inventory to meet the end consumers demand. And likewise then we would be coming back and just working with our distributors to restore them to their ongoing normal inventory levels here in established pharma.
Brian Yoor: Yes, Josh, I’ll kick this off and let, Tom or Miles add more color. Really this business is more going to be about our portfolios that we are building, not really one SKU matters, but I would say, the team is making progress, as it evaluates where it wants to be strong, for example, in women’s health or in gastroenterology in spaces like this, where they have a very rigorous first to go, looking where there is might be gaps in the portfolio that they can easily augment or going through LNA. So there is a lot of activity going on there. I would expect as part of the acceleration in the second half, we will continue to see a strong growth in India. We mentioned Brazil earlier. India has returned to, I guess a more healthy market growth versus what the market saw last year, recall last year we saw this market slow as it implemented what we call this drug pricing control order, which cause a little bit of channel disruption if you will. We are coming out of that. We are seeing the market return to nice growth rates. Our growth rate is well. So that sets us up as well for some acceleration as we move through the second half in one of our largest -- our largest country if you will in the established pharmaceutical business.
Brian Yoor: Let me start with the first one and then I will come back to nutrition. With respect to the emerging markets overall, if you take the couple buck for adjustments that we talk about in my scripts that refers to the plant capacity expansion affecting our Established Pharmaceuticals as well as where we’re at with respect to our recovery, it puts you closer in the 8% to 9% operational growth worldwide in the emerging market growth. So still very solid growth, Larry. Coming back to nutrition, I will go back to my first comment that remember Q1, first of all, we did have a lot of launches in Q1 of ’13 that made for a little bit more difficult comparison as I was taking to Mike there. But secondly, our recovery is going well in China and Vietnam. And so as we move through time and we look at our ramp there, where we’re gaining share back in the markets, we would expect that impact to moderate as we move into quarter two, that will have a significant impact on our step-up. The other thing I would add is as we saw overall in the United States, we saw a retail environment that was quite slow, I think not only did the companies who serve retailer feel but the retailer themselves felt it. We have been out there and it’s a great opportunity for us as the category leader, as the market leader, as Miles mentioned, particularly in adult, and even in brands like PediaSure to work with our retailers to generate demand for the consumers through some retail activation programs and those are generating some nice early results. They are marching early into April. We will continue to watch that, but we definitely would expect a step up in the United States. I will also comment too in the United States that this was the last quarter of our getting through the transition where we were exiting the non-core, what I’d call device or tubes and sets business in the United States. So that also will drive some step-up sequentially as we look at the U.S. results. So the combination of those two things Larry, the recovery, the U.S. and just continued underlying strong demand in our nutrition business worldwide, both pediatric and adult will cause us to move up to chain there as we expect.
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Larry. Okay. Thank you, [Ella] (ph). Thank you all for your questions or Glenn, excuse me. Thank you, [Ella] (ph). Thank you for your questions. That concludes Abbott’s conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbotinvestor.com and after 11 a.m. Central Time via telephone at 203-369-0489, passcode 4223. The audio replay will be available until 4 p.m. Central Time on Wednesday, April 30th. Thank you for joining us today.
Miles White: Well, I never feel push for M&A because of accumulation of cash. I would say M&A is driven much more strategically by opportunity that fits our business. And I think in the last couple of calls with investors, I have commented that I haven’t seen a lot on the radar screen and I would say during the split, there is only so much integration or disintegration activity that an organization can absorb or sustain. So during the time of the split, some of the M&A or deal activity we did was rather modest or smaller deals that we are particularly focused on our Medical Device business. And while a fair amount of the disintegration activity is ongoing in a lot of our back office areas with AbbVie. It’s also coming to a conclusion here in the coming years. So without forecasting anything specific, we have always been opportunistic about a lot of different opportunities we have been interested in in different geographies. And tracking those and it’s possible that could kind of find its way back to the radar screen here.
Miles White: Mike, I would add to that. And I keep answering questions this way, this is not a business, it’s also smooth quarter to quarter, even though you think it should be. And so sometimes the comparisons are choppy in the past when we had the pharma business with us, so much attention was paid to pharma and HUMIRA and other things that people didn’t really notice the choppiness of the nutrition business and factors like what Brian just highlighted had made a difference from time to time. I would say that there a couple of things are clear. The economy has definitely pressured the business some, particularly the U.S. and I think in emerging markets as well. I think we see that slower underlying market rates like everybody else does, and yet that emerging market rate is still much higher than developed markets, but we’ve seen that pressure. I note that a lot of companies have pointed at the harsh winter in the U.S. and so what, I don’t know whether winter affected us or not. I suppose it stands to reason that it could have in the U.S. And internationally, the single biggest thing, as you know, that has affected us has been this recall and lapping it, because it affected more than one country. But that said, if you ask me, am I satisfied with the growth rates in some of these countries anyway? The answer will clearly be, no. So I think there is more potential to do better, I do. And I think we are making the right investments and the right changes and so forth to address that. A lot of our attention is currently being paid to the countries that were impacted by the recall. And I would say the teams are doing a really great job in terms of the recovery, given the dynamics of the infant formula market. We still got tremendous opportunity there and we are investing to secure that opportunity. We got tremendous opportunity in the adult nutrition in some markets where we are not present and China always is a big opportunity that way. So I’m not discouraged I think at all, I’m never very satisfied, but I am discouraged. I think that sometimes this business looks like 20% in the quarter and sometimes it looks like 10% or 12% or 8% or 9% or whatever and it does kind of roll in humps. But underlying I think it’s still very robust and strong market, all of us would benefit from little tailwind of economy, but you never take that for granted.
Miles White: Well, let me comment on the decision first. First of all, I would say, Paragon is a fine competitors and I admire a lot of accomplishment Paragon had in the market that they serve. That said, we've had private label competition for Ensure for sometime in the Wal-Mart which is one of our biggest distribution outlets has its own private label to compete with Ensure. So that's not new for us. And we've already had that kind of competition in these categories for a year, so whether a new entrant in the category makes a difference or not is, I guess, to be seen, it's not a new thing. Our share position with Ensure hasn't been impacted significantly by the existence of the private label competition that’s already there and I think it's in the mass outlets that you would expect we have the greatest impact. So I would never like to predict how a fine competitor is going to do, but I think we're in a very strong position with our brand and our product in the way our customers view it. And now let, Tom, address your expense question.
Miles White: I never give forecast out through the following year and I don’t constraint margin when I look at. I mean, actually I’d say interestingly, it’s a rare debate that you think you got too much margin or too much margin growth. I think it’s a fair call. There is, our diagnostics business, for example, as you probably aware has enjoyed great improvement in gross margin over the last several years and that drops through to the bottom line in operating margin and so forth. And there’s kind of a point where you would say, okay, it’s making enough money, let’s make sure we’re spending enough in SG&A and R&D, which we are. And they’re in a fairly heavy investment phase in R&D because they’ve got multiple systems in development, all of which remain on track and timing and so forth. And I think it’s somewhat unprecedented that way. But at some point you say, look we can make something too profitable, I haven’t had that problem. Although I think as we’ve noted in the improvements in diagnostics over time, they’re getting up there to first best-in-class profitability in that business. And I think nutrition has a way to go. There’s still an opportunity there. It doesn’t constraint spending, there is no limit. I mean, we’re not operating against some limit, now would I forecast one for you because I don’t have one. So I would say, we’re always kind of a relentlessly pushing forward in the improvement of the profiles of the business. We want to be efficient users of assets and expenses. And while there is opportunity for margin expansion, there is also no substitute for top-line growth and you’ve got to investigate that top-line growth, so we got to find that balance. Tom, there was a question there about the mix in the division.
Miles White: Hey, Josh. I would add to that, on the emerging market side in particular in this business, there are 14 countries or so that we put extra emphasis on and focus on and each has a plan that’s very detailed about the build-out of its key therapeutic categories in that country or that market and the depth or breadth of product line within each therapeutic category and there is a plan there, that’s a combination of two things in each country. First is, our internal registrations from our own creation of pipeline or existing products and second is an LNA budget for filling gaps or opportunities that they see in their country. It’s the one place where we have decentralized the bit of the LNA activity into the hands of the President of that business and his staff, so that they can more rapidly go after this smaller, say, product or product line opportunities that can enhance our position in a lot of these markets. I can’t give you a lot of detail or background about how that’s going, because frankly, its dozens and dozens of products and opportunities in countries and so forth. But it’s pretty comprehensive, pretty detailed and it’s tracked very closely by them and it’s getting a lot of attention and you build it out a little bit of a time. This is not a business of blockbusters, although, ironically the product for which we shutdown the plant for expansion here in the first quarter, it’s a significant product for EPD, a very significant product, which is why we needed the plant expansion. And I figure if we are going to have a plant expansion or suppress a quarter, this is the one to do it when we knew it is going to be a tough comparison anyway. So it’s going to get that out of way. We have got some products like that that are fairly big sellers, but generally this is the base hit business, a lot of base hits and so everyone of these countries has a got plan around whole portfolio base hits to enhance this business and we are going out a lot more in the product maybe we did it first.
Miles White: Well, I would say, this is one unit, I am actually, I am very excited about, I am studying about the innovation coming here. I think that our team there did a wonderful job segmenting this market in a way that minimized the damage we took from competitive bidding. We took hit just like everybody else did. But I think to a lesser degree, because I think we focused on segments that, frankly, we are more profitable and less vulnerable in a way than what the overall targeted competitive bidding was. Now, that said, I think, we play great defense and what is more challenge market right now. But going forward, innovation that’s coming here, which we will launch in Europe late this summer is pretty significant and I think a pretty unique product that I expect will be very well-received by diabetic patients. And it hasn’t had a lot of visibility yet. It will in the coming months. We keep referring to what is next-generation. But, frankly, it’s quite a creative product. And I think that, I think it’s going to have a lot of impact on the business. I have got great hopes for this. And I think that the diabetic community in particular both physicians and patients are going to think it’s a terrific product. So I have got some great expectations for that and I think that as that mode of testing progresses over time this is going to be a fairly good business, pretty good business for us.
Miles White: Yes, Larry, I am afraid all I call tell you is, yes. Yes, the answer to that is, yes. It’s geographic, it’s -- I don’t know where you define big, I mean…
Miles White: Almost all of this, some people would consider small and we might consider big, I mean in the context of this company has seen. Some of this is really significant to us. And what we’re looking at is nicely enhancing to our businesses and our positions. Nothing has ever done till it’s done. So I think it’s dangerous to forecast anything in particular, but at least like what’s on the menu and like what I see hear in a few places and it’s across a couple of our sectors. There is -- if you’re looking for deals today, I think it’s a difficult deal market, because in some cases valuations are very high or there is not great quality in the assets in some cases. It’s -- I think we’ve said this several years for the last 15, I mean I think the deal gets a little tougher over year. And yet, we’re looking in the places that can really enhance our positions, our businesses and so forth. We’ve always had a pretty difficult or tough hurdle for the quality of deals. We’ve had a fairly good track record that way. And I like what’s on the menu right now. We will just have to see how plays out. What I am cautious about, it’s hard to forecast until something is done. But if I tell you there is nothing on my menu, then there is nothing on my menu. And now I can’t tell you that, I can’t tell you there is nothing on my menu. So I don’t want to surprise you by telling there is nothing on the menu and next week I certainly had a great idea or great possibility and it won’t -- it's not going be next week. But I would say couple of things coming here that would be nice additions to the business, I guess that’s about all I can tell you.
Miles White: I suppose it's fair to say in a general sense the economy or the market in China has slowed some, but they're slowed and then they're slowed. And China is not a slow market, China is not like Europe or the U.S. or Japan or developed markets, it's by comparison a robustly growing market. The fact that it’s not growing double digits may disappoint some people, but I think the high single-digit growth rates in the Chinese economy are pretty attractive, and then our business opportunity on top of that pretty attractive. And I suppose it depends on which competitors you ask and how damaged we were by the recall or the dynamics that changed in the market or whatever. I see the market that's worthy of a significant investment and great opportunity, and we are gaining our share back. Growth rate is good, very good. I think if I expand that to the second half of the year, the reality here of our business is we just have the quarter that we didn't want to have, but had to have as a transition in the year because the optics and the comparison and so forth. Next quarter gets better and it’s still part of that first half, but I'd say the second quarter is a transitional quarter for us and second half of the year is pretty robust. There is nothing heroic that has to take place for that second half of our year to be robust. We are well ahead on our own margin initiatives, haven't seen any significant speed bumps around the sales growth rates or the fundamentals of the market. We just have the quarter we forecasted and we're ahead. In my mind, we're well ahead of where we wanted to be and we are well ahead going into Q2 and I think we're going to be well ahead going into Q3 and Q4. When we set our guidance at the beginning of the year, that dramatic difference between the first half of the year and the second half of the year had a number of people cautious about the second half of the year just like you just said. And I thought if we raised guidance here in the first quarter and raised the second half of the year even more, nobody's going to particularly think that that's credible because they're already cautious. Well, I am not cautious, I know what we're going to do, I'm pretty confident other than things I can’t predict and nobody can. I'm pretty confident about our performance, and I think we'll wait and see how the second quarter goes, but I think the second quarter is a transitional one to robust second half, that then takes us a strongly into ’15. And I think the underlying fundamentals of our primary geographies around the world are improving, people may be looking at China and say, gee, it's declined. I think that already happened. And at this point, particularly given the business we're in, we're not mining, we're not in other things where you can say, wow, it really slowed. We're in a segment that frankly isn't slowing, and it's just as robust it's been. And I think it's a terrific opportunity for us, which is why we're going to put a fair amount of investment there not only in China, but in the number of markets around the world.
Miles White: Well, I don't know. I suppose so, I'm not counting on birth rates, I don't even get that macroeconomic about it. We're looking at it. Frankly, I'm not even counting on just a tailwind of market growth, I want share gain and I'm targeting share gain from competitors and share presence in that market, in a lot of these markets. We are measuring ourselves on share. And that translates as you might guess into fairly healthy growth but you can fill yourself with healthy growth when it’s the market. I want share gains. And so that on top of whatever the market may give us in terms of birth rate and so forth, I think we’ve got a very long-term market in China that’s a very healthy robust market. And I think we had an unfortunate setback last year that it was nobody’s intention to have it happen. It certainly wasn’t our partners’ intention to have it happen but it did. And we’ve had great cooperation from Fonterra in resolving what happened there, and they remain an incredibly important partner to us and a valuable partner to us. And I’d just say look, the two of us as companies have some great plans and thoughts for China and other market. It’s an important one for us and we remain very committed to it because I think that all the growth that we forecasted in the past is there. One of the things I always caution investors about, we get so obsessed about our quarter in the United States because that’s how we are. We are quarterly driven, CNBC driven economy. And our investments and progress in some of these markets, you can’t measure in quarters. I know we need the feedback every quarter but to know that everything is okay and everything is on track and so forth then I would say everything is okay and everything is on track. I expect speed bumps out of the emerging markets. I don’t expect not to have them. I mean, who could forecast that you will have issues with Russia and Ukraine and so forth that who could forecast as you would have devaluations in given countries. You can’t forecast some of that stuff. There is always going to be that. But the long-term fundamentals of investing in a lot of these countries in their healthcare systems and their need for the products that we make are strong and that’s where we are going. It may be bumpy from quarter-to-quarter. It’s particularly bumpy this time in the first and second quarters because of this recall we had last year which was significant and the adjustment and exchange in the second half. But the long-term fundamentals of these markets are very strong and we’ve been careful to select geographies where we know those fundamentals remain sustainable and frankly, I’m pretty upbeat about the rest of this year, even the second quarter. I think there is great opportunity here and I see nothing but upward ramp, probably with some speed bumps to be unpredictable but nevertheless pretty strong year ahead of us. And I’m glad we’ve got a head start on it. We are well ahead in this quarter. I’m not ready to change our guidance because I want to see another quarter play it, because it’s a transitional quarter for us. But second quarter call should be an interesting call.
Miles White: Share is very stable. Our shares are strong, very stable. I have a hard time blaming weather on this one because babies got to eat. I can’t -- I just cannot come up with a weather reason for that. I think the U.S. market has always been pressured, the pediatric market. We haven’t lost share. So, I have to say it’s probably economy phenomenon to some degree. We are not losing share to private-label or anything else. We are not losing share. So, I don’t know if there is much more fundamental I can say about it other than I think the underlying fundamentals are good and it was lesser quarter than we might have liked. But I don’t think it presages some long-term direction.
Miles White: Yeah. I think it’s a fair comment. The adult is more discretionary. But look, the bottom line is, the quarter was forecasted to be a very low growth quarter. Well, we met expectations. It was a low growth quarter on the topline. It didn’t miss our expectations. It is what we expected. It ins and outs are a little different but you could sit here and say, there is a whole list of things, comparisons and other things that make it a low growth quarter. All right. Some of that is pretty significant and true, but at the end of the day it was a low growth quarter. I don’t expect that to be some sustainable growth rate. I think this gets constantly better over time and I’m glad to be ahead.
Tom Freyman: Certainly, we factored some of that into our original plan, we worked hard last year to identify areas of efficiency and I would say, we made some initial steps when we put the plan together and as you know, in the second half of the year in our forecast, the SG&A ratio gets better and that’s due in part to some of those initiatives starting to benefit the P&L. But I think we have created a culture here and people understand what we are trying to do in terms of focusing on this G&A area. I think a little bit of what we saw in the first quarter is that playing out and people are really working hard at it. I would say, perhaps, we are a little bit ahead of what we would have thought when we put the plan together. So we are building on that and it’s something that we are going to continue to build on during the year and certainly as we roll into 2015.
Tom Freyman: Yeah. Well, as you saw in the release, our average shares were about $19 million below the prior year, which was about 1% below. We were pretty aggressive in the first quarter on the share buyback and I think David, your comment is pretty accurate. We are pretty much through the vast majority of what we’re going to do in that area. We like the price of the stock and we felt that it was a good time to execute. So we’re down about 1% on average in the quarter. But as you know, that improves after the first quarter, because we bought throughout that period, and the second and third and fourth quarters will benefit even more from the share buyback. So you’re right the vast majority of it was done in the quarter.
Tom Freyman: Yeah. Mike, it was really interesting in the quarter usually the challenges is getting sales forecast accurate and as I indicated in my remarks, we were incredibly accurate on our sales forecast and right on track. Usually in the spending areas when you look across our businesses and across the functional areas, everyone forecast the rate of spending and usually when you look at the actual there are few puts and takes, and you're usually pretty close to your forecast which is very unusual this quarter that virtually every unit was under spending in the same direction and when we worked with them and talk to them about their plans and initiatives and the importance of that spending relative to achieving commercial objectives in the businesses and in terms of some of the project work in some of the other areas it was still very critical that we continue to invest in those programs despite the fact that we didn't forecast to spending as accurately as we should. So, I think, to your question, historically, we've been very good at forecasting this, so it was just a very unusual quarter and everything just kind of move the same direction and really this is spending we should be doing. We've got lots of good opportunities. And I'm just talking about the timing piece of this from my remarks. We've tons of opportunities in the new product areas and the things that we should be investing the business and will be investing over the next three quarters.
Tom Freyman: Jeff, it’s kind of the same of the answer I provided to Mike. I mean it’s pretty much across the board, relatively small amounts across the various divisions, but we added it all up. It’s just turned out to be a fair amount of timing in the quarter. So, no one division really stands out.
Tom Freyman: Yeah. Glenn, I’d just clarify in Brian’s remarks. He was referring more to the adult segment, which as you know as to Mile’s point, infant is less discretionary and the adult segment is little more discretionary and while overall there was a modest impact on the company in the quarter, that’s the one area where we saw little bit.
