Robert Ford: I mean that's -- I guess that's the model here where we start to model different ways, different parts of all these elements that I explained to you, and it's going to be difficult. I'm not going to put out an assumption there of what COVID testing level is required, but I do feel that a good portion of it is going to be sustainable. And we'll get a lot of the share of the COVID testing that's remained. So... 
Robert Ford: On the high 20s operating margin, yes, that does appear to be the case. Regarding the areas of investment. I mean I talked a lot about these in terms of the investments we're making. I'd say from a bigger picture perspective, we want to make sure that we're spending and investing a good portion of these COVID testing profits into the R&D portion of the P&L. We believe that is a very sustainable investment.  And if I look across all of the businesses, in devices, in diagnostics, in rapid diagnostics, in nutrition, all of these businesses have opportunities to invest in R&D. And we've got clear programs across all of them to build the R&D programs that will sustain our growth beyond '22, '23, '24.  A lot of the products that I just mentioned, whether it's the ones we've just launched over the last kind of quarter, 2 or 3 quarters, plus the 4 key areas that we're looking at entering in 2022, those are going to drive a lot of our revenue growth. And those have already been funded, but I would say the investments here are really looking into next-generation products in Diagnostics, expansion in our portfolio and devices that will lead to new product launches in '23 and '24.  On the SG&A side, we're making sure that we're supporting our big growth products. I'd say probably a lot of the SG&A is going towards Libre and driving Libre awareness and growth, both in the U.S. and international markets. And you'll start to see that ramp up even more as we go throughout the year, both in terms of spend and the return on the top line.  We're making investments also in Nutrition to strengthen our brand and capitalize on the expansion, especially in the adult nutrition side of the market. And expanding footprint in several of our device businesses where we know that clinical specialists and sales force, et cetera, is important to be able to support not only the expansion of our current products, but the launch of new products. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean I think as I said in my prepared comments and on the first question, too, I mean we saw a nice recovery. Obviously, there was obviously some -- a little bit of a slowdown in January. So we had a nice pickup, I'd say, in October, November where -- sorry, yes October, November, where we saw procedure growth rates return to growth. And I'd say December, January saw that decline as the cases increased, but saw real nice progression in the month of February and then very strong growth in March.  And Rob, what we try to do also is we try to look at there's -- March is a tricky month because you've got those 2 weeks of last year where things kind of really kind of shut down. So we look at March not only versus last year, but also looking at it versus March of 2019, and quite frankly, the whole quarter versus 2019. And we actually see growth rates in this quarter that are higher than our pre-pandemic rates in 2019, in Q1 of 2019. So I think we saw a real nice growth.  In Core Lab, that was very positive to see. We saw double-digit growth there, and that's a good indicator of routine testing coming back to hospitals, saw double digit there.  Our Molecular Diagnostic business, excluding COVID and PCR COVID testing, was up 30%. So that's a real positive sign that our strategy of utilizing the Alinity M to launch into the market with COVID and then kind of build off the menu is also having a positive impact over there, too.  So I'd say very good exit rate. And as we look at the first 2 weeks of April, and we look at it every week here, real nice progression.  So I didn't see the bolus coming in and then the drop. I actually saw continued nice improvement in Structural Heart, in EP and even in CRM. So those are -- that's a nice trend as we're going into the second quarter, too.  And we'll start to see a little bit of opening up here in Europe. I'd say the one area that was a little bit softer for us was Europe, given all the shutdowns there. But again, I'd say the first couple of weeks in Europe are looking pretty good. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, we start every year, as I said, targeting double digit. If you look at where we are in 2021 versus 2019, we're up 53%. But we'll be targeting, as I said, double-digit in 2022. And again, there's multiple ways of how we can get there in terms of business mix, et cetera.  We do have a strong balance sheet, and that provides us a lot of strategic flexibility. We try to have a balanced approach there, Larry, in terms of balancing between the short and long-term investing in the business and providing some of that return back to our shareholders.  So whether it's in the form of dividend, we're committed to a strong growing dividend. It's an important part of our identity.  On the share repurchasing, we've historically just really looked at share repurchasing to offset some of the dilution. We could be looking to do a little bit more than that going -- in this year, going into next year.  And then from an M&A perspective, I'd say we're always actively monitoring. We're always actively looking. And you'll always hear me say that I'm not going to tip my hand and give up any kind of competitive advantage there. But if there's something that is attractive, something that has got growth, that won't dilute our top line growth profile, which I think is best in class, or that we can do better with, we're always going to be interested. But we're always going to be prudent about deploying our cash, Larry, always keeping our shareholders happy, balancing the long term, the short term, the internal and the external.  And this is not a kind of a new CEO versus prior CEO philosophy. This has always been an Abbott philosophy. We're good stewards of that capital and good stewards of finding that right balance that I just described. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I did put out a goal of growing 40% in 2021. You mentioned comparison. Yes, there was a little bit of a -- you've got a little bit of a balance here between Q1 and Q2. So Q1 last year, we saw some stocking up in international and in the U.S. So I look at our 30% here and -- on top of a pretty strong quarter last year as really positive momentum.  We'll have some effect on the reverse side of that in Q2. So then it becomes really a second half, can we kind of sustain this kind of mid-30s and accelerate it into the 40s in the second half? And the answer is we believe so. We've got a great portfolio. We've got great momentum and making the investments, whether it's field force, whether it's direct-to-consumer advertising, not just in the U.S., but around the world, significant investments to building awareness for the category.  I mean we've achieved 3 million -- surpassed 3 million users around the world. That's 3 -- we could say, hey, that's 3x our next competitor, but the reality is the penetration for us and for the categories is still pretty significant. So there's plenty of room here for us to invest and grow, and we'll be doing that on the back of our -- not only our commercial investments, but also R&D.  Your question on Libre 3, that's -- we launched that into Europe at the end of this quarter. We're right where we want to be.  We start off usually small and focused here, Larry. We learn. We learn with the consumer. We learn with the HCP in terms of what resonates. We learn with our manufacturing. We've got a lot of capabilities in terms of how to manufacture at scale.  But there's always a little bit of a learning curve here. It is a new platform. And we learn with insurance, and insurance switches over and all those things. And once we get all of that kind of lined up, then we accelerate and we go break it. But I've got -- we've got a lot of strategic flexibility here with Libre 2 and Libre 3. I think we're in a great position.  Feedback has been really good. I mean we've launched this with about over 1,000 HCPs. We've got close to a couple of hundred patients that we've now kind of just tried to see what their reactions are with the products, and it's been extremely positive. There's a lot of social media there. I'm not very fluent in German, but I can tell a facial expression of awesomeness and coolness and amazement factor, and you can see those in the videos of these patients that are using it.  So I think this is going to set a whole new standard for us on every dimension: size, ease of use, accuracy, alarm performance, wear experience, all that. It's all great. It's all good.  So regarding your question on Libre time frame, I think you answered it. So that's good. I'm not going to provide any details here. But I'm just really excited about Libre 3 and the combination of the portfolio, having both 2 and 3. I just think it provides us a lot of strategic flexibility. 
Robert Ford: Yes. So yes, I mean we received approval for the product several weeks ago, and we immediately started our manufacturing process. It is a different presentation from the previous Binax test in which we provide 2 tests and the necessary consumables to run those tests. So we started manufacturing that and began shipping literally yesterday to retailers. And we'll start with CVS, Walgreens, Walmart. And you can expect all the other retailers, food merchants, et cetera, to roll into that as we expand and start manufacturing and accelerating our manufacturing.  So yes, we ship the product and the revenue is booked when the asset is transferred over to the retailer. But I think this is going to be, as I said, a great opportunity. It's a channel we know very well. I think few diagnostic companies that have this product have the capacity, the manufacturing scale and the channel experience and domain here to kind of really compete.  So we feel very good about our position. And we'll start -- we start off with initial stocking orders. And then from them, we'll roll out more distribution. And we expect, given the price point here, Vijay, that there's going to be a great opportunity for a lot of households in the U.S. to be able to have testing on hand, ready to go at their house. So we expect that there'll be a nice repeat purchase also. 
Robert Ford: So a couple there. So on the Amulet side, yes, listen, we've got experience in this category outside of the United States and the international markets, and the product does very well. We filed with the FDA late last year. We think this is a very attractive market. It's approaching about $1 billion today, and it's growing double digits. And as I said, I think Amulet is a very competitive product in its current form.  We're obviously -- we'll obviously be investing as part of some of those R&D investments I mentioned in next generations there also. But even in its current format, performs very well, and we've got a great experience in Europe.  We believe a lot in this market in this segment. And so we've also initiated our CATALYST trial. So we started a new trial late last year, and this is a trial comparing Amulet to NOAC drugs, which is currently the standard treatment option for people with AF that -- or at risk of a stroke.  So we think that this will be a significant kind of growth driver after we launch also. Results there will take a little bit longer to divulge those, probably in the 2023 time frame. But it just shows our commitment to this segment because we believe we've got a great product, great product portfolio, a pipeline, and it's a great segment here.  So I think you had another question on MitraClip. MitraClip did very well in the quarter. Obviously, it got impacted by COVID last year. It was on a great trajectory. It kind of got slowed down as obviously the ICU beds and hospitals moved towards treating COVID. But we had great growth in Q1. We're up in the mid-teens in the U.S. So that was good.  As I said in my prepared comments, we had our highest number of procedures ever in the month of March. And that wasn't just catch-up because I've looked at the procedures in the first 2 weeks of April and they continue to move up. So that's very positive for us.  And we're making our investments, not only on the pipeline side, new versions of MitraClip, but also more importantly in the market development, so really to expand the funnel of patients being treated, creating those patient referral networks with the cardiologists and our implanting centers. So that's done very well.  And I think the NCD that got approved in January, opens up a significant opportunity for us with MitraClip. Remember, we're only about 5% to 6%, maybe 7% penetrated right now in the total available market here. And I think that we've got a lot of runway for growth in the mitral space.  And I think you also had a question on CardioMEMS. We expect to file for a label expansion relatively soon. This would also significantly broaden the U.S. market opportunity. And we plan to pursue CMS reimbursement after we obtain that label expansion.  This segment continues to grow. Our Q1 growth in CardioMEMS was north of 20%. And that market has started to recover also from the pandemic, and I like the position we have in them. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So I'd say on the base business side, our identity, our target was really sustaining a 7% to 8% growth rate pre-COVID. And I'd say with these investments that we're making, excluding any kind of year-over-year comp, we'd probably be at the higher end of that 7% to 8% range, I mean, once you factor in maybe a Q1 comparison on the base business. Next year, you're probably growing a little bit higher than that, Matt. But at the high end of that 7% to 8% is what we're looking at, with all these investments and product development and portfolio development.  As I said, a big portion of our COVID cash flows and profits, part of it goes to our shareholders, but part of it goes back into the business. And we've got a lot of flexibility here to toggle that investment up or down if we need to. I mean I'd probably say that each business has their list of go-to areas that we've all agreed to are kind of next steps. If we have more opportunity to invest in the business, we know exactly where to go.  As it relates to toggling down, yes, I mean, I wouldn't be toggling down R&D. I think that's more of a sustainable kind of investment that sustains our growth rate. It's easier to toggle on SG&A, and we've got that capabilities also if we need to. 
Robert Ford: Yes, I think the answer to that is yes. We've definitely been elevated to a kind of higher level of partnership here with a lot of hospitals and IDNs and institutions as it relates to their kind of COVID testing. There's been large set of accounts that we've historically been out of and now had the opportunity to place our instruments and show what we can do.  So the answer to that is yes on the core lab for sure. You saw -- you're seeing a little bit of that strategy play out in the molecular side of the business, where we haven't seen these kind of growth rates in our molecular business, excluding COVID, in a very long time. And we were up close to 30%, excluding COVID testing. A lot of that has to do with the instruments that we're placing and getting the test pull-through on the other assays on the other tests.  So on the rapid side, too, I wouldn't just look at it from a Core Lab perspective. The sustainability of COVID is one portion of it is the actual COVID test. The other portion of it is the installed base that we're placing as a result of that.  I've talked a little bit about this building sustainability of a rapid testing channel beyond just COVID, and COVID is allowing us to do that. But if you think about, for example, our ID NOW instrument, where we basically ceded the market here for an opportunity to do much more in the world outside of COVID by placing these instruments, we had roughly about 19,000 boxes in the U.S. in 2019, and we're currently at 75,000 boxes. So we almost quadrupled our installed base there.  And will they all be as productive from a COVID testing perspective at the highest level of the pandemic 1, 2 years out? No, probably not, but they'll be very productive with all of our other assays. And that installed base will continue to grow and will continue to produce for us.  So to answer your question, yes, I do think this is a great opportunity here for us to continue to roll out our Alinity platform on the Core Lab, on the molecular side and continue to build our rapid testing channel in the rapids business. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So kind of growth rate in our diagnostic business, the way to think about it is, at least how we've modeled it, is we'll see our, let's call it, non-COVID diagnostic business continue to accelerate, continue to grow. Obviously, you'll have comps over there, Joanne, in Q2 and Q3. That will be producing some mid-teens kind of growth numbers in this business.  But I think we always look at it, at least the way we're managing it here, is we're always looking at it on a 2-year CAGR. So if we can get back up to that kind of 10%, 11%, 12% growth rate that we were seeing in our Core Lab business that -- on a 2-year CAGR, that's basically our target to be able to get to those numbers.  COVID testing, it's difficult to forecast right now. I can't give you an exact quarterly progression of that. I think the range that we've given last call, I'd continue to reiterate it. But it's going to be a little bit difficult here to get the exact calendarization, the exact mix, the exact geography right in terms of the COVID testing.  What I will say though is that I do continue to believe that the shift from lab-based PCR will still play a role in COVID, but I think that the bigger role will be played by the rapid testing as it relates to surveillance. And as I said, I think we're well positioned there.  I think you had -- your second question was regarding some of the other devices. I'd say, listen, I'm very pleased with CRM. I'm not saying that we've completely turned it around, but it's a great progression that we're seeing here. The launch of our ICDs and CRT-Ds with the Gallant brand with Bluetooth capability in Europe and U.S., all of the numbers show that we're picking up share, and that's the ultimate measure here.  And I'm excited about the ability for us to enter the leadless segment in next year with our product and the capabilities that -- and the value proposition that, that product will bring versus competitive systems. So I think that's done very well.  I'd say heart failure, one of the challenges there is probably -- that's probably the slowest part of the device portfolio to recover. A lot of those procedures require some ICU stays. So I think that one was one where we saw a little bit of impact to market. I'd say our share has started pretty high around the mid-80s, 85%. So that's mostly a market condition that we'll see come back. But I think that the CardioMEMS is another great opportunity for us where we saw growth in the quarter for 26%.  So I don't know if I covered all the device areas that you wanted me to hit on. 
Robert Ford: Yes. So we did see a little bit of a slowdown in trials towards the end of the year and the beginning of the year, and we saw that start to pick up a little bit now. We think that we like our position.  We recently launched our remote programming and monitoring system, the NeuroSphere. I think that's going to create a whole new opportunity for us in terms of business model, in terms of our ability to service the patients and the physicians better with that. So we started to roll it out in the U.S.  I think it applies to both SCS and DBS, too. We've gotten great feedback on that. So I think that we'll see sequential improvement on our performance in neuro not only as we lap the comps, but also as the NeuroSphere gets widely used. And then we've got a nice pipeline of products to be launching towards the end of the year here. 
Robert Ford: Yes. So I think on the M&A side, you'll hear me say the same thing, which is I think it always starts off strategically. Does the business that we're looking at have a strategic fit to Abbott, both from a market position, from a financial standpoint? So we wouldn't be looking at anything that doesn't fit us strategically just to fill an EPS. We want businesses that we can grow, that we can obviously operate and can fit well into the company.  So I think it always starts like that. It always starts with the strategic fit. And then if it's attractive, if the timing is right, then we'll look at it.  I think all the areas that you mentioned are all areas that we look at. So we look at all those areas that you mentioned. We look at diagnostics. We look at all the areas we're always studying. And we're always paying attention to the new technologies, the new companies, et cetera. So I just won't tip my hand here and give anything away in terms of our competitive position here.  So regarding your second question on sales forces, it always depends. But we tend to have a viewpoint here, Josh, where we believe that kind of focused and dedicated teams has always been best. That's kind of how we've run our businesses. It's how we've run our businesses for many, many decades. We don't try and bring things together that don't make sense just for the sake of synergies.  If we believe we're in growth areas and growth businesses, then we'll fund them as growth business and growth areas. And quite frankly, all the businesses that you talked about in Structural Heart are areas of high potential growth. So we will treat them and resource them as such.  So I'll just close here by saying we set guidance of at least $5, which is about 35% growth year-over-year. That's after a 13% growth in 2020. And we feel very good about our first quarter. We feel that our first quarter puts us on track to achieve those -- at least those $5. We have multiple ways to get there.  The COVID market is going to move more and more towards rapid, and our position in this segment of COVID testing is unmatched with our capabilities, our scale, et cetera. And we believe a good portion of those tests, of that COVID testing market will remain at least into 2022.  And I'm very pleased with the pace of recovery of our base business Abbott, or let's call it the non-COVID side of our business. And we're making investments in 2021, so we can accelerate our growth in 2022 and beyond, and we've talked about this also. So we feel very good about the position we're in today and the position we have this year and going into next year. 
