Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration; and Brian Yoor Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Brian will discuss the performance in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Tom, Brian and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2016. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that second quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS, and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filing from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. As you recall, Abbott issued a press release on April 28, 2016 announcing the transaction with St. Jude Medical. Please refer to that release for additional important information about Abbott, St. Jude and related matters. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Scott Leinenweber: Glenn, I would assume we can navigate this without the tax correction. I think we've shown a propensity across the corporations through our buybacks and other means to access our cash in an efficient way. And I think you can assume the same about this if, to Miles' point, if we're in a situation where we sell the stock.
Scott Leinenweber: Hey, Larry. This is Scott. I'll touch base on the professional version very quickly. As you know, we filed for that device in the middle of last year. We're working with the FDA on that and that is the approval we would expect in the next six to nine months on that particular point. Obviously, as it relates to, as you know, the Dexcom panel tomorrow, I mean we're really excited about the U.S. market. We think there is lots of opportunity there. We think Libre is a unique technology. It's a discussion we'll be watching closely to see how the FDA is thinking about these novel technologies and how to apply them for diabetic patients' needs in today's market.
Scott Leinenweber: Yeah. So we don't need to adopt till 2017, Larry, and we're still assessing what that means in terms of our ongoing earnings on a year-to-year basis because there are some moving parts there. We're still assessing it. We won't adopt until we have to.
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. That concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 AM Central Time on Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com. And after 11:00 AM Central Time via telephone at 404-537-3406; pass code 38160622. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 PM Central Time on Wednesday, August 3. Thank you for joining us today.
Miles D. White: As usual, Mike, you are spot on. I feel like you must've been in the room or something here. Let me deal with the transactions first, and I'll go right to the one that you targeted, Alere. From our perspective, there has been no change. They still haven't filed a 10-K. Our access to the information has been limited. And they did put out a press release with an update that I think was at least from my perspective over-enthusiastically embraced from one of their analysts. But to that extent, the update they put out basically provided no particular new information and was a requirement they had with their bondholders for the extensions they got on the requirements in their agreements. And, the information they put out was characterized as preliminary unaudited summary only, et cetera. So I think from our perspective, no change other than the passage of time. And that's about all I can say about it at this point. So I'm not an odds predictor here so I have no particular predictions to make other than the information that's here and there is no more really to say about it since the last time you asked me the question. So moving to St. Jude, I'd say everything is tracking well. We've got a second request from the FTC which we'll certainly respond to. I'd say there is not much in the way of surprises there. All of our planning going forward is going according to plan. There is no surprises, no negatives. Their performance appears to be tracking according to our forecasts, our expectations and for their forecasts. In fact, I'd say their report this morning looks to me like their best quarter in about the last six quarters anyway. And they're trending in the right directions as we predicted and forecasted and saw in our due diligence. So I'd say with regard to St. Jude, everything is tracking well. We still hope to close that by before year-end. I think that will be close call just as we work our way through the administrivia of the FTC's request and so forth and whatever we may have to do there. But I'd say there is no big surprises at all. We're just going to try and complete the work that we've already indicated and everything there is tracking according to plan. With regard to the mix of business, I'd say you can see in our numbers, it's a strong quarter across the board, across the world in all of our businesses but one. And the Nutrition business is weaker and the weakness is primarily focused on China, Pediatric. Really nowhere else. And what's been not only forecasted by some of our global competitors but also our own experience has been a slowing of growth in the China pediatric market. Last year at this time I think that market was probably 13%, 14% growth estimated and this year it's probably just under half that, would be our estimate, and I think that's probably consistent with what some of our competitors have seen or expressed as well. Well, we're seeing half the growth rate as a market rate that we've seen in the past and that's clearly softening the sales growth rate and we've seen that and we are seeing that. We have not yet seen in any data that there is any share change that's impacting us but our growth rate is clearly slower. So I'm a little cautious on the second half. I don't expect that to change on this particular business. I don't expect that growth rate or that, let's just call it softness. It's not softness in terms of decline, it's slower growth. It's still a pretty healthy growth rate compared to anywhere else in the world and it's a good growth rate. It's just not the double-digit growth rate it was last year or the year before and, as you know, that market has been a pretty high grower from a growth rate standpoint for quite some time. So that's an adjustment for all of us to adjust to. I don't know whether that's a long-term change in the market. I know that there is an increasing breastfeeding rate in China. But in terms of other fundamentals, we see channel shifts and so forth, but channel shifts shouldn't impact the overall market over time here. So other than the dynamics of just lower growth or slowing demand, I'd say that's about the best way I can characterize it. As I said, the market growth at 6% is still a healthy rate; it's just not the one that we've been used to and enjoyed for the past several years.
Miles D. White: With regard to I guess Alere, some information has been provided to us. We've made a number of requests regarding books and records and things that we want to audit and have access to. Some of that has been provided to us and a fair amount of it has not and continues not to be. So there is really nothing more I can say at this point, Mike, unfortunately. The announcement that they put out was not that forthcoming, and I certainly wouldn't share the optimism that one of their analysts expressed about their announcement. But I think we're just in a waiting situation here. With regard to guidance, I mean, I'll just pre-empt Brian a little bit here. You recall, we did raise guidance after the first quarter. And I think – I want to be careful how I state this, because all of our businesses are running really strong here, but I'm a little cautious on the second half. Part of it's FX but part of it is just watching underlying market growth, I'm particularly keeping an eye on China. I didn't mean I'm negative on China at all – I'm not. But I think it's premature to forecast or forecast for raising guidance on the second half of the year, so I think we'll just keep our powder dry there.
Miles D. White: The optics market, particularly in the U.S., as you know, has experienced a fair amount of price decline in the LASIK business. And setting that aside, the performance in the cataract and the intraocular lens business has just been stellar, and we're really pleased with that. And pleased with our R&D group for the products that they've put out, pleased with the reception by customers and to be growing in healthy double digits in that segment is, well, it's great fun. All of these businesses have had their times when they've been down or waiting for new products, but these businesses are all doing really well.
Miles D. White: Yeah, we've got a number of new systems coming here, all of which have been under development for a few years in our Diagnostics business, and we're starting to see those roll out now and we will see over the next, let's say, two years, three years. First of all, we just launched AlinIQ, which is an informatics program that is designed to help labs with productivity and their own cost management and so forth, which we think is going to be exceptionally well received. That's launched. Following that, we've got five systems coming. There is a next-generation system in our Point of Care business that will begin to launch in Europe in the second half of this year; probably in the fourth quarter, then in the U.S. in 2017. Then the Core Lab systems to both immunoassay and clinical chemistry testing will begin to roll out as well. We expect European launch before the end of the year and in the U.S. in 2018, early in 2018. Blood screening, same thing. Late in the year in Europe, late this year in Europe. A brand new system. Beyond that, hematology in the following year of 2017, early 2017 in Europe, and then all of these early on in 2018 in the U.S. And then finally in our Molecular business in the second half of 2017, we begin to roll out a new system in Europe. So that's a lot, and that's unprecedented. No company in our business has ever put that many new systems out. They're not just refreshments; they're not just software updates or upgrades or incremental improvements on existing systems, they are all complete new refreshed systems or redone and with some new advantages and so forth. So we're pretty excited about the entire product line. Diagnostics has been doing really well with the mature products in its line, and when you think about the complete line of new products coming over the next couple of years to that business, I think that's just really a great shot in the arm there for a business that's been outperforming as it is anyway. Customers will start to see those systems at the AACC Conference in Philadelphia in later this month. At a number of the industry trade shows in the U.S. and Europe we'll clearly be introducing those systems to customers so they get a preview in advance. So I think the future for Diagnostics looks pretty good.
Miles D. White: Okay. A couple of things. First, before I phone a friend next to me here for some of the details underlying specific products, I would tell you that – first of all, if you've got a robust portfolio of new products coming, that's always a good thing, and we're naturally always optimistic about the uptick of products, the penetration of products, the introduction of products and so forth. And it's always a constant balance of being sufficiently enthusiastic and pushing your organization hard enough on how you want to take those products to market. And then there is always the speed bumps; something slows you down somewhere, whether it's reimbursement or the timing of an approval or whatever. And in all my years in the industry, I have never seen, on a particularly consistent basis, any company including my own deliver its new products on-time, on-plan, on-schedule without some kind of delay. Even with Libre, our ambitions were – in terms of our own internal goals, we're probably a couple of months behind where we wanted to be – months, okay, couple months. And yet, we have pretty stiff goal in our own minds about what we're trying to do here. And if you look at the product, it's screaming north at a rocket-like pace, which is a good thing. And all it takes is some minister somewhere to slow down his decision a few weeks and you're off by a couple of weeks. So when I look forward at St. Jude and I look at the 10%, is it potentially possible? Yeah, it's potentially possible, but it's a lot of green lights. It's a lot of green lights without many speed bumps. And the reality of life is, is there is a lot of speed bumps. So I would've judged it back a little bit in terms of just caution. I think they're aspirational about the pace at which those new products come. I don't think there's any disagreement on our part with them about how good the products are, how well received they'll be or what competitive response will be and so forth. I also think they're going to benefit from some great market growth rate behind a lot of these products. They don't have to go tear it away from somebody else in competition, hand-to-hand combat. The CRM business is hand-to-hand combat, but a lot of the other businesses here are frankly just plain innovative, new and relying on growth and training physicians and usage and so forth. So I think that while they would – their estimates really were sort of in that 9% and up range. I think we're just being naturally cautious of the unknown, that the (45:18) unknown. And I think analysts are, too. When we looked across a consensus of analysts for St. Jude, the consensus was around 4.5% to 5% growth going forward here for the next five years. And what's ironic about that is I've spoken to a lot of these analysts because we know them covering us as well. And they'll say, yeah, I know that's what my model says but I'm just not sure they're really going to do that. And that's because their growth rate was more flat over the last five years. But the growth rate was flat over the last five years because they didn't have some of these products or a Thoratec or some of the other businesses they've got now. And right now, they've got a heck of a lot more in the pipeline and a heck of a lot more that they've added to the company since, say, three, four years ago. So I don't think the last five years' growth rates are relevant as a comparison. I think what they've got and what they've done is. And I think right now, the growth rate is only suppressed because they've got difficulty with not having an MRI-compatible claim on their CRM/CRT products. And you take that away and this business is already at analysts' projections and analysts' projections have been more robust than the past history. So I think St. Jude is one of those stories where once you disappoint some investors a couple of quarters, the investor doesn't believe the projection of the future as much as he believes the rearview mirror. So I think they've got to put the points on the board and earn back a little credibility that what they've projected is actually going to happen. And I think the sentiment will change on St. Jude. I'm not investing in sentiment; I'm investing in real products and real company and real business. And I think that what they're tracking at right now is giving the evidence that what they've projected is valid. These businesses, if you look at all the segments of businesses, they're really doing great. The one soft spot in the company is CRM and they do have to get better reimbursement status for CardioMEMS. Okay. That's two things and they're all over that, and we're comfortable with how they're all over that. And the rest of the company is doing gangbusters. So I think they just got to show the evidence here over time. Rick, I've already forgotten the second half of your question.
Miles D. White: I apologize. It was such a windy answer, I lost track. In any case, I think the synergies are going to be easy to get. I think the commercial synergies, and first of all it depends on the integration of your sales forces, the integration of your sales management structures, your commercial management structures. I think it depends on how we construct our integration our – well, there's integration and cooperation across boundaries with the multiple businesses. That will and how customers embrace that particularly in the U.S. will determine how rapidly that goes. Now, having said that, the companies have had some experience that way for some time already because we've had a joint marketing agreement with St. Jude for a number of years between our stent business and their CRM business, so we're already well familiar with each other. Of course, the dynamics change when you're part of the same company and that's a positive. It gets better. So I think that the nature of the kind of commercial synergy we would look for in the broader portfolio of products that we offer, how we approach our accounts, how we can service our accounts, et cetera, I'd say that planning is well underway if not starting to be in practice in a number of cases. And in between Mike Rousseau, the CEO of St. Jude; and Robert Ford, our EVP, and that organization or these two organizations I think the two of them and their people have planned and cooperated exceptionally well going forward here so I think we hit the ground running as if the two companies had been together for a long time. I don't really foresee a lot of hiccups or bumps here.
Glenn John Novarro: Hi. Good morning, guys. My first question relates to St. Jude. They did report this morning, and I thought what was very important is the fact that all their new products and timelines were reaffirmed this morning, which really sets St. Jude up to rebound and have a strong 2017. And Miles, you mentioned St. Jude's internal forecast, we've read it in the proxy, 10% revenue growth for the next five years, which is well above what the Street is modeling. And I'm curious...
Glenn John Novarro: Okay. And it's above what I modeled. What is in that forecast that gets them to that 10%? And I guess another way to say is what are the upside surprises that could exist within the St. Jude outlook portfolio over the next five years? If you can maybe call some out to us. And then, putting the two companies together, there could be sales dis-synergies. I think you're hoping for sales synergies. How soon do you think you can achieve those sales synergies? Thank you.
Glenn John Novarro: Okay. The Mylan stake, when you do sell the Mylan stake, the cash that you realize, will that be considered OUS trapped cash and if so, how do you handle the tax liability if you bring it back indeed to pay for Alere or St. Jude. I remember a few years ago when Tom was CFO, you brought back cash and the liability was called out as a one-timer. Is that something that you would consider doing? Thanks.
