Thomas C. Freyman: Well, I think what John said in his remarks is a good representation of the way we're approaching it. And I think our experience in diagnostics really helped a lot in this regard. And we talked about this in the past. What that team did is they didn't limit their analysis of their business to just the cost area. They really looked comprehensively at their P&Ls, all the way from the top to the bottom line. They did a lot of thinking through mix, product mix, customer mix, profitability by customer segment. And they did some very good analytics and addressed some of the challenges there that really weren't evident as we looked at these businesses differently, prior to their -- to the work they did in that area. And we've really taken that approach and that template and brought it over to the other businesses and very comprehensively looked at each. So -- as John described in his Nutritional discussion there, it's a pretty broad range of things beyond just the cost area. And our other businesses have done similar exercises. In terms of what's going to drive operating margin improvement for the diversified company, certainly, the biggest opportunity over the next 2, 3 years is nutrition. I think that's where we see the highest ramp. We were -- in the 13 range, I think an operating margin couple of years ago, and we see a very good path to 20 here the next 2, 3 years, and we have a very thorough plan to get there. So that clearly is the biggest mover. But every single business is continuing to execute on their programs, again similar to what Diagnostics did. And we see steady improvement in each business, including Diagnostics. While we've gotten that business up into the upper teens, we clearly see that getting well into the 20s in the next couple of years as well, as they continue to execute. So it's a way of doing business. It's a continual process. And I think, across the businesses, it's going to contribute to a good margin expansion element of the diversified company as we move forward.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, obviously, that mid to high was a bit of a longer-term target for this group. And the results in the first quarter were very consistent with the guidance we provided in January. And what's happening -- this organization has been in place for a little more than the year. There are a number of their geographic expansion initiatives and products expansion initiatives, which are just in the early stages. Programs such as the Zydus collaboration, which will bring new molecules to the market, and some of the payback on some of the commercial investments that have been made over the last -- over the first year or so are still a bit further out. So I think we're on track in the first quarter. We do expect the growth rates to improve later in the year. There's been -- as you know, there is a base part of this business that is the developed world that is growing a bit more slowly. And in the first quarter, we were working through a little bit of a headwind in some of the European countries there as we progressed through the year. But I think the comps will get better, particularly in the third and fourth quarter. And as we exit the year, our forecast show that we'll be much closer to that range we talked about at the Analyst Meeting as we progress into 2013. So we expect better growth. I think you'll see it. And we'll just have to keep monitoring it as we go forward.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, it's -- well, it's the non-BRIC. But all -- we, frankly -- as we look at this business not really on the long term, the medium term, we have factored into that mid to upper expectation on sales growth, the fact that this base business will not grow as fast. But as the emerging markets grow as fast as we expect, and as it becomes a higher percentage of the business, I think it's going to support growth in the range that we have targeted. I will say, as a part of the latter part of 2011 and in the first quarter of 2012, there still is some residual austerity effect coming through in the developed world element of this business. And that's a little bit of what you're seeing in the first quarter, a bit of headwind. But in the BRIC areas, very strong double-digit growth, and we're really pleased with how the business is executing in those areas.
Thomas C. Freyman: No. I mean, all of the margin initiatives are being addressed concurrently as aggressively as the organization can do it. So it's going to -- there's no reason to phase things. And there are numerous, numerous -- literally over 100 programs that the business is executing on as we speak.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. I mean, you'll recall from the October investor meeting, Rick Gonzalez talked about $1 billion-plus in raw dollars of HUMIRA growth over the next few years. So certainly, as a percentage, that would be double digits in '13 and probably '14. But that gives you an idea of what we think the continuing growth potential of the product is as we look out 2, 3 years.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, the performance has been good, and we think the durability is very strong as well over the long term.
John B. Thomas: Yes, let me take the first part. So ABSORB has been doing well in a limited clinical setting, as we've described before. And then we expect full commercialization launch later this year. The reaction has been very good from clinicians around the world. And as you know, the data results that we've showed so far are similar to what we have seen with XIENCE and XIENCE PRIME in terms of the safety profile and the efficacy. So very encouraged there. And as I mentioned, later this year, plans to start the U.S. trial remain on track there. So it's a good story there. In Core Lab, it's been -- it's interesting because it's a business, frankly, that we haven't talked a lot about, the different products and tests like we used to. But there have been a number of new products that have been launched, new assays. PRISM obviously has been important as that expands. We had good growth there with both of those systems, particularly in some emerging markets around the world where -- markets like China, we've grown in excess of 35%, grown twice the market. Brazil, we've had very good traction with our Vitamin D and Chagas test. Russia is growing, excess of 30%. It's off a smaller base. But we're really investing in some of those emerging markets, and leveraging our overall global leadership position is definitely making a big difference. And then as I mentioned in my remarks, we did win the largest private laboratory in Latin America in the first quarter this year. So those are the good things. The European market has been a little challenging, I think, for everybody. Other competitors have talked about that, but that's one of the things that you have to deal with and we plan for. We also have had some specific tests in the pipeline last year, for example, the Vitamin D test that I mentioned; launched a number of new assays this year, include diabetes and cardiac markers. And then we have other things that we've done in that business, as you know, with our acquisition of STARLIMS. That was the first -- our first entrée into informatics. And we've launched what we call OneLab, which is an offshoot of the STARLIMS system. That's gaining some good traction and giving our customers some options that they didn't have before.
John B. Thomas: Yes. And then, of course, Mike, the other data that we showed in the most prevalent form of the virus in developed markets, the GT1 treatment-naïve patients, that's where we saw the cure rates in excess of 90%. So those were unprecedented types of results. It's obviously, as Larry said, early data, and we expect to have more data later in the year on a broader patient population. But clearly, I think that put us in a leadership position in HCV.
John B. Thomas: Yes. Let me take the last part first, Glenn. So stent pricing actually has moderated nicely from what we've seen, as you know, last year, throughout the year. And I think the competitors saw this as well. It was declining in the high-single digits. It's moderated to mid-single digits price decline. And that is a function of a number of different things. One, on our end, is the launch of both nano and PRIME. So getting into the short lengths and the longer lengths -- small vessels and longer lengths, excuse me. And that -- those are premium products, and I think that's helped stabilize as well, and some other competitive launches in addition. So that's one thing. DES penetration has been around 80%. And with PROMUS out of the mix as you know, too, that helps our overall pricing situation now that they're no longer part of that third-party revenue line in our overall numbers. So DES penetration is good. PCI volume has been up nicely, particularly outside the U.S. and certain emerging markets, it's growing in the mid-teens. So the dynamics there are good for the underlying business, despite the noise and as I mentioned on the call. And it's really about setting up the business for much stronger growth in 2013 as we get through this transition year, with PROMUS coming out of the numbers for us.
John B. Thomas: Yes, it is slightly better. We were seeing -- pushing upwards of 80%, 79%. That's the first time that we've gotten to 80% in a while. And the U.S., you're right. PCI volume there has been relatively flat and down just very slightly sequentially. But as I mentioned, up kind of in the mid-single digits worldwide. And then certain international emerging markets been up quite strongly.
John B. Thomas: Yes. And don't forget all the indications that we have. And we just got another one, as you know, in Europe. So the utility of the product has been amazing, and it's a great, great, well-positioned product for the long-term. Okay? All right. And that concludes our conference call. A replay of the call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on our Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com; and after 11 a.m. Central Time via telephone at (203) 369-3838, confirmation code 70437043. The audio replay will be available until 4 p.m. Central on Wednesday, May 2. We appreciate you joining us, and please call us if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you for your time.
Larry Peepo: Most of our abstract, Mike, this is Larry, contain the information that we have at EASL. So when they posted earlier this month, that pretty much encompassed all of our data. And again, the key data there for us would be the Co-Pilot data, which showed very strong SVR12 rates of 93% and 95%. And then Pilot also was very strong. SVR rates, SVR24 actually, at 91%. But most of the abstracts that have been released back in early April will be comprehensive of what we have at EASL this weekend.
Larry Peepo: Well, people who are non-responders are certainly the most difficult to treat, right? And this data that we have right now is kind of our first foray into that group, and it does only include 2 of our agents, the protease inhibitor, as well as the polymerase. And so, as you know, we've got additional studies underway, CC, as I mentioned, later this year, that are inclusive of the NS5A, which we believe to be a much more potent group. But that 47% SVR rate within that non-responder group is actually better than just about anything else that's been put forth to date, including some pretty low-level response rates from the new class that we've seen here over the last 6 weeks. So I would say that 47% looks very good relative to anything else that we've seen. And I think we'll see more again later this year when we put together a more potent agent NS5A in combination with this tough-to-treat patient population.
Larry Peepo: Sure. This is Larry. The market growth has been very strong for biologics overall, and I think you'll see that our growth from a prescription trend basis is growing even faster than the market. I think, from an overall market, maybe we're seeing a little bit more contribution from the dermatology side, which, as you know, has very low levels of penetration currently. I think that's lifting the overall biologics market. I think unique to HUMIRA has just been some very strong commercial execution across all the categories. We continue to see very good share momentum, particularly in dermatology relative to Enbrel, as well as in the gastro space relative to the Cimzias of the world. We continue to see really nice market share gains there. And room has held in there quite nicely for us as well, despite an increased level of competition from smaller players who have garnered, I would say, pretty low levels of share overall. Now you asked about our contemplation of a potential launch of Pfizer's tofacitinib product. We pretty much as -- almost like in the TriCor situation, we have to assume that they will be successful with their ultimate approval on a PDUFA date, which I believe is in August. And so we've factored that into our outlook for the year. And certainly, we feel very good about our position, the strength of HUMIRA relative to that product's launch. But to your specific question, yes, we have factored that into our outlook for this year.
Larry Peepo: No final decisions on Phase III at this point in time. I would say, one thing that we learned from Pilot/Co-Pilot, though, is that we used ABT-072 in Pilot. That's our, again, the polymerase inhibitor, and we used 333 in Co-Pilot. As you can see, in the Phase IIb studies that we've described on clinicaltrials.gov, we are moving forward in Phase IIb with the ABT-333 polymerase. But I think, more importantly, is the data that's coming from our broader Phase II program, Aviator and Navigator, that really combine and have various arms that have, again, various combinations of these 3 compounds with and without ribavirin, that will really be the guide to what we move forward with into Phase III. And again, right now, we're talking initiation of Phase III in 2013. But as you can imagine, we're working very hard to have that occur as soon as we can. But that's our guidance today.
Larry Peepo: Sure. Yes. I think it's a combination of factors, Glenn. Certainly, HUMIRA has a leadership position and, as a leader, grows probably in excess of the marketplace most quarters. That leadership extends across, as I said, now 7 indications. So it is somewhat driven by new indications. It's also driven by some expansion in geographic presence. Japan continues to move forward nicely. We've launched in China. But I think, in general, the overall driving factor is just market growth. We continue to see, across the major markets, growth rates anywhere from 14% to 20%, just based again on the benefits that the product brings relative to the downstream cost that can be incurred for not treating the severity of these diseases. So market growth is probably your primary driver there in the international side, and we're growing a little bit faster than those markets.
Larry Peepo: Yes, it's always hard to project out that far, Rajeev. But again, here we are in 2012, and those markets continue to grow in the range that I just indicated. That's pretty strong growth. Now certainly, our product gets bigger and bigger every year. So dollars of growth can continue to be quite strong. The percentage, just based on the way the numbers work, starts to come down a little bit, but we foresee good growth there internationally.
