Brian Yoor: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Some statements made today maybe forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2014. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott’s operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. In today’s conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott’s ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which exclude the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Brian Yoor: David this is Brian I will kick it off and if Miles can add more color. In the U.S. you know first of all when we say our underlying franchise of infectious disease is growing very strongly. It's doing very well. We did have some comparable’s with respect to how you realize kind of the companion diagnostics revenue. We had some revenue in 2012 in the quarter that did not repeat, this is kind of a little bit more choppy in that respect and also we just have a little bit of an impact from the timing of when we seize the distribution agreement but that doesn’t impact the underlying business. The underlying business is poised to continue to do well with the focus on infectious disease. I think to look at the full year it's probably more reflective of how to think about molecular in the U.S. and we do expect a step-up from that as we move into 2014 with our continued success and focus on infectious disease. I think it's really important to note in this business you know there are two that 60% of the sales are outside the U.S. and you can see the double digit growth there, we’re doing very well in the emerging markets, in our platforms, in infectious disease and so we like the growth rates that we see overall for molecular.
Brian Yoor: Larry this is Brian, you’re seeing in the fourth quarter on the adult segment in the U.S. around a 4 percentage point impact headwind and that also does spill into the first quarter as well. As we’re talking about you know some of the things impacting first quarter that will be one item that spills into the first quarter of 2014 as well for the U.S. adult segment and nutrition.
Brian Yoor: MitraClip had strong growth in Europe. I think it ended the year approximately around a $130 million. We expect some additional approvals in certain countries there to continue our growth in Europe so we expect another year of strong growth with MitraClip in Europe region in 2014. Now I will say with respect to the U.S. we were very pleased with the decision that was made by the panel last year to receive the approval that we have for the degenerative mitral regurgitation patient in the U.S. at high risk. It's a pretty I will say modest way to think about but we’re going to take it the right way in terms of how we approach our centers and those large cardiac specialty centers that are capable and have the expertise to work with the MitraClip. Again another year of strong growth I think we can think about probably approaching close to 200 million as we move into 2014 but clearly between the Europe side and the U.S. side a nice contributor to our overall vascular growth. We continue to work towards also the reimbursements and improving our reimbursements there I think we have discussed before that we ultimately foresee this coming more in line with the (indiscernible) line of reimbursement in the U.S. and again I know that (indiscernible) have submitted for the national coverage as well we also submitted for what you know what would also be a special add on technology indication but we will have more color to provide for you on both of those in the later part of 2014.
Brian Yoor: Yes. So Kristen, obviously Absorb had a great contribution as Miles had mentioned to Europe and our share gains there year-over-year. In the U.S. as we are expecting to complete the enrollment in 2014 and that also goes for China as well. We just completed enrollment for Japan. I think the way to think about this too is we are only in half of the market, the worldwide market today if you think about it in terms of being in Europe, but we still have another half of the world to go here. And so by completing the enrollments, we set ourselves out there to be the only one in this kind of technology with the opportunity to continue to penetrate and achieve the workforce status we expected to. We have left time for one more question.
Brian Yoor: Okay thanks Jason and thank you operator and thank you for all your questions. And that concludes the Abbott Conference Call. A replay of this call will be available after 11 am Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbotinvestor.com and after 11 am Central Time via telephone at 203-369-3270, passcode 4627. The audio replay will be available until 4 pm Central Time on Wednesday, February 5th. Thank you for joining us today.
Tom Freyman: Just a few points, I don’t think you can directly link the two items, but certainly what this is about Mike is monetizing assets as early as we possibly can and providing strategic flexibility from a financing perspective across the company. We are in a position here where we have these deferred tax assets that as you know typically get realized over a long period of time in future tax returns. And this is an opportunity to immediately use them to help monetize and bring back only 2014 earnings. This has nothing to do with anything in the past and provide that cash here in the U.S. for strategic flexibility and the various things we would want to use it for. So since it is one-time in nature it’s going to be done only on 2014 earnings and this is a one-time opportunity to monetize these deferred assets. That’s why we are handling it as a specified item in 2014.
Tom Freyman: But again, it’s one-time in nature, Mike. Our pattern in the past has been to reinvest our expectation as we go forward beyond 2014 is to reinvest these foreign earnings. And this is a one-time opportunity, where basically the focus is to monetize these assets as early as we possibly can and allow them to be redirected to whatever product of use whether its strategic initiatives, share buyback or whatever. And the other thing I had mentioned is in 2013, we bought back over $1.5 billion in shares though it’s not a – it’s difficult to directly link this planned action with share repurchase. But I think it’s a matter of just productively using these assets in the best way possible for shareholders overall and we think this is an opportunity we want to capitalize on in 2014.
Tom Freyman: Really Mike there are two big things are effects [ph] but obviously the nutrition supplier recall was well I mean you saw the impact on the third and fourth quarters of our 2013 results. As you know we managed through that quite well and delivered on expectations overall but that factor is tearing into the first half. As Miles mentioned we’re making good progress, recovering, we’re right on the path, we projected. But as we said from the very beginning when this occurred this is going to cause a very top first half comparison in 2014 and that’s what you’re seeing. You know there are at the business level other relatively smaller comparison issues but these really are the two big factors that are causing the first quarter to be tough. The last thing I would add is while you know exchange is a challenge for us in 2014 and the first half. The first quarter is particularly impacted in 2014 because as the exchange rates moved in 2013 some of those costs are an inventory as we close out 2013 and float through the P&L in the early part of the year in 2014. So the exchange impact is particularly acute in the first quarter and I think those two factors really are the main reasons for the forecast being a little bit different than what people are expecting.
Tom Freyman: Yeah I would say there are two things going on in gross margin as we look at 2014 are pretty much what I mentioned in my remarks. We’re just slightly down year-over-year and that’s really currency again being challenging and the competitive dynamics we talked about in diabetes care. I think as you look out into the second quarter the pattern or the expectation for the full year could be extrapolated into our expected gross margin progress in the second quarter of the year. So those are really the two main factors, it was not what I mentioned in my remarks and I think it does mask lot of good things happening underneath in the businesses particularly in nutrition and diagnostics but also on Vision Care in terms of expanding the gross margin before some of these exchange in fact hits the businesses.
Tom Freyman: Yeah I mean as we look at free cash flow capital expenditures and dividends. And as you know, we are stepping up the dividend in 2014. I would say in the $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion range was something we would expect. And that leaves a lot of strategic flexibility for whatever might occur or opportunities that might pop up during the year. So as you know, we had some anomalies in our cash flow in 2013 relative to the carryover effect of separation, but we should be back into that pretty strong operating cash flow level and strong free cash flow to support the strategic objectives of the business.
Tom Freyman: The plant shut down I referred to is just a timing issue that’s effecting the gaining of sales that I want in particular business between the quarters. So that is really I mean certainly there is a little bit of startup and alike but it's not meaningful to the overall corporation but that really is not related. It's really the two big factors that we cited as lot of good things as Miles mentioned going on within the business is underlying and being a little bit offset, they are largely offset by those two factors.
Tom Freyman: No there is a little bit of a startup there as well but again I don’t think that’s overall meaningful to the overall comparison year-over-year for the entire corporation. Certainly there is some cost in there but they have a lot of other good things going on in terms of their margin improvement programs that overall are driving an improvement in the nutrition gross margin in 2014.
Tom Freyman: The guidance is the guidance, it's the range and obviously our baseline expectation is to be within the range and if the year goes well it will be in the high end and it's the challenges we’re going to work not to be the low, the middle. So that’s the way we think about the guidance and what I would say is what is a definite part of the plan is to buy back shares roughly in the range we talked about today and certainly that’s the baseline you can count on as you build your model for 2014 and there is no plan at this time to do an accelerated structure but that’s something we would look at and we will think about.
Tom Freyman: I think it all depends on the opportunities out there. I don’t feel cash constrained about any of that. I feel more constrained by what I view as a not terribly robust set of opportunities or valuations. I’m always vigilant for opportunities for the company but they got to be good fits strategically and they got to be good valuations.
Miles White: It really has to do with trends in the businesses. Certainly as we talked about the growth rate in International Nutrition is being impacted by Fonterra by the recall. There are phasing as you know our established pharmaceuticals business is a business that changes from quarter-to-quarter. In the first quarter there is a plan to expand capacity for one of our key products as a result of that we’re, we have to shut down the plant in the quarter and that will draw down some of the sales until we can start the plant up again in the second quarter and get the growth rate going back up in that business. I would say those are the primary reasons. There is some timing effects in diagnostics as well but those were the main reasons why the first quarter is in the range that you described.
Miles White: Well, I think the answer – the simple answer to your question is yes, it is a focus for us not just related to the spin, but in general, related to the shape of the business. A lot of our business is outside the U.S. and so there is an opportunity to structure ourselves from a support standpoint little differently. And we definitely were addressing that. We are putting a fair amount yet. As you know, we put a lot of attention on gross margin above the line there, but we are also putting a fair amount of attention on general and administrative costs across the corporation not only at the corporate level, but in the divisions in support and overhead costs. So I do think there is opportunity there. By its very nature some of it can be more immediate, but then some of it is more ratable, because in some cases you got to replace old processes with new processes or old systems with newer ones, etcetera. So I think it’s a combination of both, David. Although I like to push hard for sooner rather than later, I think this is one of those areas where chronic dissatisfaction or inpatients is a good thing. And so we push on that. You are always trying to balance disruption to the organization or to the business versus the ongoing operation, but yes, there is an opportunity. We are on it. We are paying attention to it. And it is a combination of frankly both immediate and more ratable.
Miles White: Well, I think we got two very different stories here. And as I have said in the past, you’ve got very much an emerging market story and a developed market story and then within those, some segmentation. I would tell you that in the emerging markets, there are many that are very attractive, some that are less so, because they may be more commodity oriented than brand oriented. We tend to be focused on the ones where it’s advantageous for us to be very brand-oriented and the markets are very attractive and profitable. As much as the growth rates may look modest or lacking, the profit profile of this business is quite attractive. Gross margins in this business are above 60%. It’s a very well-run business. It’s a very attractive profitable business. If it was an unprofitable business, it would be a whole different story, but this is actually a very attractive business. And the question is getting the segments right in terms of the attractive markets and those that are less attractive. So we put our focus on emerging markets that are sizable, where we have got critical mass and are attractive. And our main focus there is two things. One, expanding the breadth of the therapeutic categories and the product lines that we are offering and frankly improving our branding and consumer skills as an adjunct to that business, because in any given country how we reach the consumer whether through the physician on hospital or direct to the consumer and so forth does make a difference. So in the emerging markets I think that’s the focus and it’s getting a lot of attention. It’s a lot of blocking and tackling and smaller things but frankly it's working. We saw in the fourth quarter a returned double digit growth in emerging markets for EPD which is what I frankly expect. We know that some of those markets slowed last year as a function of the markets but the growth rates were still quite attractive to us relative to other geographies around the world. On the developed market side I think the single biggest difficulty that we and a lot of our competitors face is Europe and I think that’s true across a lot of businesses. Our diagnostics business has weathered the economy and the actions in Europe as well but a lot of other businesses are struggling with Europe and I think that’s true for us. I think it's true for our competitors. We have watched I can’t say growth rates it's more like decline rates, price pressures and volume rates and so forth and I know that others have been you know hit harder than we have but nevertheless we’re down in these developed markets about 10% and you know so we can be up 10% and emerging markets down in the developed markets and it's sort of cancels out. I like these emerging markets to keep growing and get to be a much bigger portion but we have got very close to a 50-50 split right now where what we’re struggling within in developed markets with price and utilization cuts and other things is being offset by growth in emerging markets which we intend but the way we deal with those developed markets in quite different. There is fair amount of expense reduction, focus restructuring et cetera. And I know this has been one that you know we have been challenged on from time to time and previous question of Mike Weinstein you know (indiscernible) question I think on this one. I have to say it's a fair question. The emerging part of this is going quite well and the developed part it's uphill. The legacy of the business is you know a combination of businesses we have acquired well Legacy Abbott and so forth. I think if we were starting with a clean sheet of paper we target those markets that have the most attractive attributes but the fact is we have got a lot of legacy markets here in developed economies that we have been in for a long time and they continue to experience economic pressure the most fundamental of those being Europe. So we continue to look at that particular geography and that particular segment of business and deal with it differently than we deal with what we deal with is a fairly attractive growth opportunity in lot of the emerging markets.
Miles White: Well I think we think about the company much as we described. It's definitely a growth platform with an intention of growth. You know the things that I would say probably disappointed me or set us back last year largely foreign exchange, which was a big deal. I mean, that hit the top line and the bottom line. And we were able to offset that, but that was one thing. And I think the recall we had in the Nutrition business was couple of $100 million. That’s a big hit. And that particular business is one of our big growth drivers. I would say strategically, I am pretty pleased with how the base core businesses are all performing, particularly relative to the nature of the geographies and economies and so forth out there. I think that’s all trending pretty well. The one business where it’s got a lot of my attention and focus as we just talked about is the branded generic pharmaceutical business, where I would say strategically I would like this one to be improving faster. And what I call your attention to is after we acquired AMO, I’d say analysts and some shareholders had a fair amount of skepticism about the performance of that business for some time. And admittedly, it took a few years to pick up momentum there, but today, that business is churning at a fairly steady double-digit growth rate. It’s gaining share. It’s doing quite well. My own impatience would have been that it do that much faster than it did and I am always pushing for faster progress or faster impact in the performance of the business, I guess, not just for your expectations but for my own. And yet, we got to where we wanted to be. We have seen – we saw with the vascular business, terrific performance. We have seen steady quarter-to-quarter sequential improvements. We have gained share in the vascular business across the board. Every geography, we are number one in the stent business around the world. The AMO business is doing exceptionally well that way. Diagnostics has had a very steady sequential track record of improving growth. The frustration I had got is the pace of that improvement in EPD right now and it’s got the focus of our management team and my focus. It’s the only place I am really – I guess strategically a little frustrated, but a lot of that has to do with the nature of the developed economies. And I think you are going to hear that from a lot of our competitors and a lot of other businesses. So I would say, first of all, in no way do I think we are stepping away from an intention of growth or focus on growth or focus on share gain or a focus on geographies, where the dynamics are frankly around growth. I think that’s all still very valid, very true. At the same time, we and other companies well run, we accumulate a fair amount of cash. And our investors are looking for a return. And I think if we are not able to deploy some of that cash to strategic opportunities or we disproportionately accumulate cash relative to strategic opportunities, we look at the shape of our balance sheet, we look at the shape of all of that. And I think if investors – we have got the attention between the long-term and of course the quarter. And each quarter, when we got to report to our investors how we are doing, but I think also investors would like the constant feedback of a healthy return, particularly in uncertain economies in uncertain time. Our company has had a history for probably more than 30 years of very steady dividend growth and return to investors that’s got a certain identity and a certain appeal to a lot of investors. And we have had a fairly steady track record of share repurchase. We have had a steady track record of pretty significant profitability and cash accumulation and cash generation. We have had a good track record with M&A and other things. And I think we try to keep all that in balance so that our investors are benefiting both from the growth profile over the long-term and a good healthy cash return when economies are more uncertain and on a steady reliable basis. So I would tell you I don’t think it’s black and white you are not one or the other, we happen to be both. That’s been the hallmark of the company for decades that we have been a growth vehicle. And we have had a nice healthy cash return of dividends and share buyback. And I think if we are successful, profitable generating that kind of cash, that’s what we ought to do is find that balance.
Miles White: Need? No. It depends; I think it depends on the dynamics in any given market. I don’t think any of us are pleased with the pressures or decline if you will of growth rates in say Europe but at the same time Larry it's extremely profitable business even with all the price pressure, utilization pressure and volume pressure. It's a very profitable business. So I think our challenge is it's always how long will these circumstances last. How long will these dynamics last? Is this a trend that doesn’t change? Is there a bottom? Is there a turn? Is there, how long does this endure? And what’s the best matter for us to drive best value for our owners, our investors, our shareholders in that time. You can get hung up on the optics of growth rate and say, Geez it's hurting, it's diluting my growth rate but at the same time I think the notion that it's making a fair amount of money and it's profitable and there is value in that. So I think our job is to figure out best way to optimally derive that value for our investor and that’s a trade-off between what we can do here over some duration of time relative to how long we expect market conditions to exist or you know what’s the best deployment of the asset value you know in the event we can drive the right value forward but when it's profitable as it is that’s a tough trade-off.
Miles White: Go ahead Glenn I’m chuckling a little bit because I’m thinking no we just made this stuff up. Of course I will answer you in just a second, go ahead.
Miles White: Kristen, this is Miles. I think it could standalone quite easily, but I think we are always looking for more innovation, the more opportunity to expand our position in a given treatment segment. So I would put up more in the desire rather than need. I think it’s given the lack of therapies out there to treat patients, it clearly can standalone, but to the extent that other therapies evolve over time here, it’s certainly to the benefit of the patient and the business to expand the offering.
Miles White: Let me address share and then I will hand it to Brian to talk about U.S. First of all, I am very pleased with how the overall shares of the stent business have evolved. We have grown share in all of our geographies. We hold the number one position in stents across Europe, the U.S., Japan etcetera. We have not only held share, but gained share. I think that’s been gratifying for the breadth and the strength and the quality of the product line. I think it’s been a challenging environment to some degree from a competitive or pricing standpoint. I think I expect that to mitigate some here going into this year and we are seeing that as we see sequential improvement in growth at least in our own business. And as regards to Absorb, I think the acceptance, the use of Absorb continues to improve, but share continues to improve and continues to grow in many accounts. And then I would have to note that while the trend has been a fair amount of price degradation in this segment, Absorb is selling at a premium to metal drug-eluting stents etcetera. So it continues to gain share. It continues to gain a share of procedures in accounts where it’s being used. It continues to grow very nicely and do so at some premium to what are truly good quality stents out there in the metal drug-eluding stent category. So with that let me give you to Brian to talk about the U.S.
Miles White: In the developed markets, it’s a little bit of the items you discussed. I mean, price as we have talked about the couple of years, it’s probably been running at a rate twice what it had been prior to maybe 2012 and it has been very low single-digits and has probably doubled for a period of time that seems to be mitigating a little bit as we go forward. And I would say, the balance is basically either austerity in some of the countries, where scripts are actually down or in some cases in our portfolio, a few of our products have, were at the end of lives in Europe. We did have a few of those. We had a few patented products and some of those went off patent. And each one is relatively minor, but that’s been part of what’s going on in the developed world. I would say in terms of market growth rates it depends on markets obviously you know India for us is a key market and while it's slowed probably into the mid-single digit range in 2013, IMS forecast it will be back into that double digit range in 2014 which is a positive for us. I would say overall in the key emerging markets you know we’re seeing basic market growth probably in that mid-single range maybe even a little bit better in a country like Russia for example and I think most investors are familiar that Europe has been a pretty sluggish market overall from a volume perspective and that’s carried over into our business as well.
David Lewis: Tom you gave us some help on the first quarter gross margin number. I wonder if you could help us sort of into the second quarter on gross margins or just maybe more qualitatively first half versus second half, how GMs [ph] likely trend and what are the key headwinds and tailwinds there we should think about obviously FX being one of them.
David Lewis: Okay maybe just two more quick ones. Just one for Tom and one maybe for Miles but in terms of the buyback you’re very clear on how you’re funding the buyback this year but Tom could you give us a sense of free cash in ’14 and how we should think about funding dividends or buybacks you know either through using debt or patronization going forward.
David Lewis: Okay. And then Miles, you made some commentary in your remarks about the going after costs and Tom talked about the leverage we are going to see in ‘14 I mean, the company since the spin as talked about on a per segment basis achieve very strong margins, obviously Nutritionals comes to light, but do you see further opportunities for going after corporate costs post the spin and is it likely that those type of initiatives are more ratable or is there a possibility for more decisive action? Thank you.
Glenn Novarro: Two questions first on the infant nutritional business, you mentioned on the call that the recovery in emerging markets China et cetera was on track. I was wondering if you could share with us some evidence that suggest that things are on track was December better than November, is there a script data that you’re tracking? Any color that would be helpful to give us confidence that the business recovers other than just from easy comps and then as a follow-up…
Glenn Novarro: And then just second just on operating margin goals, it looks like you’re going to get to the nutritional operating margin goals sooner than expected and it looks like diagnostics we’re going to hit those goals quickly too. So, I’m wondering as we look at nutritionals is 25% a realistic new goal and with respect to diagnostics are we in the late innings or is there another opportunity for more expansion there? Just you know qualitatively if you can help us think about the longer term goals there. Thanks.
Glenn Novarro: And one last quick one, the buyback, is that gets you to the middle of your guidance range or the high end? How do we think about that and maybe you can kind of whether you do an accelerated share repurchase. Thanks so much.
