Robert Ford: Sure. I think regarding COVID testing, we obviously -- since the start here of the pandemic, we've been learning a lot. And I think one of the things that as we developed our strategy for that, we always believe that the rapid test was going to be a kind of more sustainable part of the business. And I think we were pretty right there. I'd say the key thing that I -- and I made this in the comments, in the opening comments, the key thing that we learned over the last, let's say, couple of months here is that the vaccine is just an incredible tool for the value. It's had a huge impact on public health around the world.  But alone, it's not enough. We know that dramatically reduces hospitalizations, dramatically reduces mortality. But I think we're all seeing here that even if you're vaccinated, you could still get and you could still transmit the virus. Obviously, you're not heading to a hospital, but I think we've all heard and seen stories of that. So I think that's the biggest kind of learning here for us as we go into Q4 and as we go into next year is that testing is going to remain an important companion here. And even with therapeutics, it's still going to remain an important part of fighting the virus.   And I think we've also learned a lot about understanding kind of the difference between symptomatic testing and screening testing. And we started to pay much closer attention to understanding the channels and the platforms that are more aligned to symptomatic testing versus screening testing. And we can definitely see a correlation on the symptomatic testing with cases going up, cases going down.   What we don't see that correlation is, is on screening. So even as cases have started to come down a little bit in the U.S., actually screening demand has increased quite a bit. So I think that is another kind of key learning as we think about going into Q4 and thinking about going into next year also. The other, I'd say, key distinction we've started to make is understanding kind of government purchasing a test versus kind of private. And I'd say in the beginning of the pandemic, most of our sales were focused to governments, whether international governments, federal government here in the U.S., state governments also. And that continues to be pretty strong.   But what we've seen now grew pretty significantly. And I think it's aligned to the screening pieces, the private side of the market, whether it's OTC, cash pay, whether it's a lot of companies. We've seen a lot of companies in the last couple of months here, signed contracts with us to ensure that they've got rapid testing to be able to give to their employees. So while we're not seeing -- we only see some shelf and stocking issues at the retail and those will work their way through that in the next couple of weeks, we are seeing still a lot of companies buy test to give to their employees.   So I think all of this is basically saying, listen, I don't know how much is going to be there next year, but it's clearly here that, that screening segment of the market is going to be an important part, even with therapeutics and vaccines. So I think that's going to be an important part. Our base business has done very well, continues to be on a recovery trajectory here, Robbie. Started in Q2, we saw that in devices. We saw that in Diagnostics. Yes, there was some there was some softness during Q3 as Delta and cases increased here in the U.S. That's probably more in August and throughout half of September, we started to see it kind of re-picked back up again towards the end of the quarter, first couple of weeks. We like what we're seeing here in terms of some pickup.   But these were pockets. I wouldn't call it like a general softness and slowdown or pockets here in the U.S., some pockets in some countries. But generally speaking, that base business is doing very well. So when you think about 2022, I expect our base business -- our underlying base business to continue that momentum, very strong momentum across the board, especially with all of our new product launches.   And the question here is going to be COVID. And I think it's going to be very difficult, as we go into next year, to be able to forecast a full number, a full year number of COVID next year. I think we're probably thinking about, okay, well, there's probably a COVID number that we're comfortable going into 2022. And then we'll have to update on a rolling quarterly basis here how COVID's going to play out throughout next year.   So that's kind of how I see it. COVID is going to -- COVID testing will be there. We'll have to kind of do it more on a rolling basis as we go to next year. And our base business continues to accelerate. There was a little bit of softness in Q3, but I like what we're seeing in terms of recovery. And I like the portfolio that we built around our cardio business, our EPD business, our Nutrition business, our Diagnostic business. So that's all good. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean I think like I said, we're still in our process. We'll give our guidance in 2022 in January, like we always do, Robbie. And I want to see a little bit more in terms of how this pandemic is unfolding here, especially on the COVID side, but on the base business side. I think our base business, I would say is, we've been pretty good at forecasting our business both from a top line, from a margin on our base business.  So I think what you can expect in 2022 is that base business getting even stronger with the rollout of all these product launches that we've announced over this year. And then the question here really is going to be kind of COVID testing. And like I said, we'll have a portion of it that, I think, we'll feel good about putting it in. And then we'll have to be updating on a rolling basis.  And I think that's kind of how to think about it. The base business, which is probably the more sustainable piece, is building momentum. And it will go into 2022 with a lot of growth opportunity. And then we'll have to kind of look at COVID on a more rolling basis. 
Robert Ford: Okay. Well, I'll take the Amulet and then I'll let Bob kind of talk to kind of the inflation supply chain. I mean I would just say it is manageable, but -- that we have a great team. So -- and I'll let Bob cover that.  On Amulet, listen, we received approval in August. We already initiated the launch. I know there's a lot of anticipation, at least on the last 2 calls, about the data and when we're going to publish the data and why we're going to do it, the time that we were going to do it. And so we released that data really close to our approval. And I think that was a good strategy because it allowed our team to kind of prepare for that.  I will say, regarding the data, I mean, you saw when we released the data, it's -- the product has got a lot of advantages versus the product that's on the market right now. We've got a pretty broad portfolio of sizes, and that helps as you're looking at different anatomies and having a better fit there. The steerable sheath that we've got has resulted in great precision in the placement, and that's super important, especially when you're looking at transcatheter therapies.  And then you saw the data of superior kind of closure rates without the need for blood thinners, right -- falling right at the procedure. And ultimately, that's why the patient went to the hospital or part of the reason why they went there. So I think we've got a great product here. I think the team has done a good job getting the contracts ready.  Right now I would say we have a goal of certain amount of contracts by the end of this year. And in the first month, we've already gotten 40% of them of that target. So I think that we're going to definitely hit what we need to hit in terms of getting our contracts, our accounts, the ones that we want to get on contract up and running so we could start to build the usage and familiarity with the system.  We've got a really strong commercial presence here. And I think that's a key aspect in the rollout. The implants of these devices, the electrophysiologist or the interventional cardiologist, I mean we've got a lot of great products and a lot of great call point. So that's worked out very well, too. There's always a certain amount of coordination that's required there, and that coordination has been fantastic. I'm really pleased to see that.  Initial feedback has been super positive. So very happy with the initial signs. Like you said, it's about a month, 1.5 months into it. All the signs that I'm seeing show that we'll have a great opportunity here to establish Amulet as another product in the category. And then on top of that, we're making the investments, like I said, to grow the category with all of our clinical trials. Catalyst is one of them that I think is important also. So I'd say 1.5 months, very, very pleased with what I'm seeing. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I'd say -- like I said in the beginning, I mean, I think 2022, our base business, our underlying base business is going to grow very strong, both on the top and the bottom. So we'll see margin expansion in that business. And that's a combination. Like Bob said, we've got gross margin improvement teams across all of our business that are working at ways to mitigate other manufacturing costs. So that will be important to be able to drive margin expansion.  And then just the nature of the mix as we continue to roll out our pipeline, which is predominantly focused, I'd say, on the med device side, we've got gross margin profiles there that are accretive to the company's gross margin. So I think a lot of it is really driven on the top line and driving our top line. And the execution of these new product launches allows us to get that kind of margin expansion into 2022.  And like I said, we -- the COVID piece is really just one where we're going to have to go quarter-by-quarter and update and roll our forecast every quarter. We'll have a number that we'll feel comfortable with. But those -- I'd say those are the kind of key drivers here, our product launches, our ongoing base business, margin expansions by mix and gross margin improvement.  I want to keep the same profiles that we've got right now in our base business in terms of spend, R&D and SG&A. So those profiles, we wouldn't want to maintain. Obviously, if you look at our profiles right now, it's a little bit distorted because of the COVID piece. But if you look historically where we've been in the low 7s in R&D and SG&A between 20% and 30%, that's where we're going to want to kind of land. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean I've always -- we've always said that Libre was a platform. We always -- I know every time you put out a number, it becomes like the next what is that and what's after that. And so we've launched Libre 2. It's doing very well in the U.S. We've launched Libre 3 in Europe, and we'll obviously be rolling Libre 3 out. Regarding your question on analytes, yes, I mean that is an area that we are intentionally looking at, which is using the platform of Libre, the manufacturing platform to be able to develop new analytes.  You mentioned one that we've got particular experience in our blood glucose monitoring. We have a blood ketone system. So that, we believe, is an important aspect, especially for type 1 and pumpers. We think that, that's a real important kind of feature. If you look at going into the type 2 population, there's a lot of new drugs for type 2 where there are certain warnings regarding DKA. And we think that, that might also be an opportunity, too.  But that's only one analyte, and we've got a pipeline here of analytes, a dedicated team that's only focused on looking at what are the business opportunities the market needs for that. And as we get closer to those launches, which will be coming up fairly soon, we'll be updating the market. But I'm really excited about using the Libre platform here to be able to kind of expand even beyond diabetes. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I mean, Amulet is new to the U.S., but it's not new to the international markets. When you look at the international market, Amulet's got a 50% market share. I've seen some of the reports, not all of them, but I'm aware of some of these surveys that are done with different physicians. And what I read and what I see them is similar what I see here in the U.S. versus what we actually see in Europe, which is it's a great product. It's sized portfolio is an advantage. Its closure rate is also an advantage.  And yes, we -- as I said, this is a multibillion-dollar market where we think that we can be a true competitor in also but, at the same time, invest to develop it. I think that's an important part here also, Larry. So as I mentioned, we're making investments in next-generation product. We're going to be making investments in the commercial infrastructure, which is not only to be there during the implant but also to develop the patient referral network.  And we're going to be investing in clinical trials. I think the CATALYST trial is going to be comparing it to NOACs. I think that will be a great opportunity to expand the market also. So I think it's a combination of kind of market expansion. And yes, we're competitive with our offering. We're competitive with our team. And I think 50% international is a good aspiration to have here in the U.S. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Larry. Let me talk about Portico and TAVI here more broadly. This is a hugely important segment in Structural Heart. We want to be a structural heart leader. We had that vision when we put the businesses together with St. Jude. And we know that we need to be a true player here in the TAVI space. So I'm really looking at this for us as a long game. And what I mean by that is we're launching Portico in the U.S.  Navitor, to your question, is a great second-generation device. We got it CE Marked and feedback is that it's a very, very competitive device. Its clinical profile in high risk is really strong. And yes, I want to bring it to the U.S. also, but not because I feel we need to because Portico is not competitive. Portico is very competitive. But in this context of building a strategy here to be a real player in the TAVI space, we know that we're going to have to bring a second generation here in the U.S. We'll have to also look about how do we develop further on Navitor.  So I think that we've got about a 5% share in Europe. That's not my aspiration for the TAVI space. To your point, there's 2 pretty well entrenched competitors in the market. And -- but we have a higher aspiration than just kind of a 5% share, which is what we have in Europe. So I think the combination here of investment in the team, investment in the pipeline, in the clinical data, you're right, our kind of low-risk -- intermediate low-risk trial kind of reads out a little bit later on. But it's there. We're investing in it because we see this as a big opportunity for us to be a real player in this market. So I'm excited about it, and I know the team is to be able to kind of be a real -- a go-to full-service player in the field of structural heart.  Regarding CardioMems, listen, I think we -- the data, I think, was pretty compelling. I mean this is the second -- and you know this, Larry, this is the second RCT trial that we've done. And I'm a big believer in RCT trials and the need for them to be able to generate the clinical evidence. We filed for the label expansion end of June. I think the data was very compelling. And part of it is expansion to Class II and Class IV and then also to be able to expand indication to patients with elevated BNP, which is, today, just for patients that have been previously hospitalized.  So I think the combination here of the data, the fact that it is already the second RCT that we've done, a very large one also on top of CHAMPIONs -- the CHAMPIONs trial. I think there's a great opportunity here for us to develop this market. One of the things that we did in the quarter here also is we now have a more dedicated business unit for Heart Failure, where both the LVAD and CardioMEMS team are going to be combined under 1 GM, very similar to what we've done with our other businesses because we believe in the benefit of that focus and that attention to the business.  So I think the combination of what we've submitted, our focus, this is a great opportunity for us in 2022 and beyond. I'm not going to comment on when -- all I can tell you is we filed it at the end of Q2. And I think the data is very strong, and we'll just leave it like that. And I'm highly hopeful that we'll be seeing that next year for sure. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I would say, this is probably out of our device businesses, the business that's had a little bit of a harder time in terms of recovering post COVID. It's probably more elective like you said, Cecilia. So it has been lagging a bit. It's been pretty flat, I would say, in terms of kind of its trajectory if we look at our trials and our implants. So -- but that's really something that we can't control in terms of kind of how that is going to bounce back.  We have visibility to the pipeline of patients. We work closely with the surgery centers, and we've got visibility to that. We're not expecting a big bolus to come into Q4 and then we'll have to kind of see how Q1 and Q2 of next year looks like to be able to kind of give a better sense there. But what we can control, and that's what I focus -- we focus the team on is on our pipeline.  And I think the team here has done a really good job. I'd highlight a couple of things here that we've done. NeuroSphere, which is this novel remote care platform, we've launched it. It's the first kind of system that was approved by the FDA. We did a full market release at the end of June. And I really like the numbers we're seeing. We've done over 5,000 remote programming sessions. And not only is it a remote program, but it also allows us to get visibility of the patients in the funnel. So using the adoption of that tool is great because I think it will have a real big change on the sales and service kind of business model that exists in this business.  So that's going very well, and I think that will help get better visibility. Another key thing here is entrance into the rechargeable segment, which is about half of the market. We really don't have a competitive system in there, and the team has developed a rechargeable system that is best-in-class, significant advantages versus the market leaders in this segment. So we're looking forward to bringing that product to market next year.  And then we've also made investments in trials. I think probably the most notable one is DISTINCT, which is an indication for nonsurgical lower back. We've completed enrollment in that study. So I think the combination of these factors here are important for us to be able to kind of take share. And then if we see the bolus of patients come back in Q1 and Q2, that will be an additional tailwind for us. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So we've been looking at this area for quite a bit. As I always said, we're always looking. We're always studying. And this was an opportunity that we saw. We think it's an attractive segment. We see it about $700 million, growing double digits. And this kind of fell right into that sweet spot of kind of strategic -- make sense strategically for us. We've got a commercial footprint out there with an endovascular sales and service team. We know the customers. We have the call point. And we've got the capacity here to be able to leverage our manufacturing expertise here to be able to kind of scale up manufacturing.  So this made perfect sense for us to be able to add it to the portfolio. And that integration is going pretty well. I don't expect any significant contributions in Q4. But as we go into next year, I think it will have an impact on our vascular business. And yes, I mean we're -- like I said, there are plenty of segments in the endo space, I would say, that we continue to study, we continue to look at, areas that we're interested in. And if we find the right moment for us to be able to add those opportunities, we will.  Regarding your question on the PE indication, yes. Absolutely. We know that is very important in the peripheral space. So we're investing. That's one of the key aspects in the integration is to invest to be able to get that indication established. So yes, we are working on that. 
Robert Ford: Okay. So regarding the Q4 forecast of $1 billion to $1.4 billion here, our capacity is we can do significantly more than that, Vijay, especially as we've -- Q3, we didn't have the full ramp-up, but now we're finishing this month. We'll be in full ramp-up mode. So we can do more than the $1.4 billion. I think the factor here that we're looking at is, as I said in the opening comments here in the first question, I continue to see the surveillance in the screening market to continue to increase. And that's with kind of Binax and ID NOW also.  So we've got those businesses, everything we can make, we're rolling in here. I'd say the only question we've got here a little bit is on the symptomatic. And that's what you see maybe in this step-down here is assuming as cases decline in the U.S. that we're going to see a little bit of a decline in symptomatic testing. So that's a little -- that's one part of the factor.  The other factor in the $1 billion to $1.4 billion is just pricing. We've got a market leadership position in rapid testing, especially in OTC. If you look at Nielsen data, you'll be able to see that we were at about 90% share. Before the month of September, we dropped to about 60 just because of supply. And now we're back up to 75% share, and we're seeing a little bit of price pressure. So in that number, I've baked in some price pressure to ensure that we maintain that market leadership position as we see more market entrants come in. But if we don't need that price, then that will obviously drive another beat to that number, too. But -- so that's -- those are the drivers and the thinking there, Vijay, a little bit of pricing pressure and what are we going to see on the symptomatic testing. 
Robert Ford: Well, we're going to have to -- yes, so the DoD contract is actually a -- I think you're quoting the maximum amount of the contract, which I know is kind of what got a lot of the news headlines. But the contract actually has a minimum amount, which is significantly lower than that, less than $100 million. So it's really going to depend here on the DoD and the federal government in terms of their purchasing. We factored in a little bit of that minimum piece in Q4. And as I talk about going into next year, that will be a portion of the part that we will feel comfortable with adding on. So -- but it's a pretty big range, Vijay, in terms of what the maximum is and what the minimum is. 
Robert Ford: The comment was more about ensuring that we don't -- you don't see that there is a drop in investment. When you look at our profile in Q3 in terms of R&D, it's down to 6%. Our SG&A is down to 25%. So that comment was more about there's a little bit of a distortion factor here because of COVID, and we're going to make sure that we continue to invest in the business. If you look at the investment we've made, Vijay, this year, we've added about $1 billion between R&D and SG&A to the business so that we can continue to drive the top line and, at the same time, drive the long-term sustainability of the business with the R&D investments.  I talked about how we could pulsate that spend, not only this year, but as we go into next year, a portion of that spend is a little bit more discretionary on the SG&A side, and we'll be looking at that. But -- so the comment there was more about ensuring that there wasn't a distortion. We at least understood the distortion of COVID in terms of our profiles. 
