Thomas C. Freyman: Sure. Well, we've been talking a long time about a number -- really the focus of the entire company and every single business on improving gross margin. And as we've also talked about over the last couple years, it's -- our progress, our underlying progress has really been masked by some of the pricing pressures in pharma through healthcare reforms and austerity in Europe, as well as an occasional generic issue. And what's really been going on in the business has really been quite good. And I think this quarter, as we moved into the fourth, you're really starting to see the benefits of that play through. And we do expect this to continue into next year. For 2011, we finished with an ongoing gross margin a little under 61%. And as I indicated in my remarks, we should be approaching 62% next year, and that's despite the effect of TriCor and the slowdown of Niaspan. So as we talk about the operating margins in the business and when you see those operating margins in the 10-K when we file it in a few weeks, you're going to see that most of the businesses are making very nice progress, and we expect it to continue longer-term. So we do expect this improvement of at least one point next year overall despite the headwinds. And we expect continuing improvement beyond 2012 because every division is focused on it, every plan. And including, for example, the program Miles went through in nutrition has pretty detailed plans on how to get there, and we're very focused on executing it.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, overall, I mean, obviously, we are offsetting the PROMUS effect with product mix improvements and really business mix improvements. And so just like the other headwinds, when you net it all out, we are showing an overall improvement. In terms of the overall environment, clearly, in particular, the pharma business went through the austerity period in Europe and the U.S. healthcare reform. But we've seen a bit of a more stable outlook for 2012. Certainly, we’ve factored in some degree of adjustments in our forecast. But I think 2010 and 2011 were a bit of a step function, and we expect that aspect of pricing, et cetera, to be a little more normal in 2012.
Thomas C. Freyman: Rick, I'd say one last thing. Clearly, as PROMUS pulls out of the market and really if we're going to have 2 independent products as opposed to the same product, that is going to bring a better dynamic to the DES market for us.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, I mean, we factored these rates in, and clearly, that had an impact on the progression of our forecast as we worked through the fourth quarter and worked on our plan. And these rates have definitely affected us, and that's in our numbers for 2012.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, as we -- the closer we get to a year, the more -- the less exposed we are to currency. And that has to do with the way exchange rates get into inventories and some of our other natural positions. So the further out you are, the harder it is to forecast. The closer you get into a year, it gets a little less -- a little more predictable. And I feel like we're in pretty good shape here. And certainly, it's manageable. Even if rates do go up or down, I think we can manage 2012 within this guidance range.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. On HUMIRA, nothing unusual in the U.S. The script rates are strong. And when you look at the overall dynamics on the product growth, it's very much in line with expectations there. For 2012, I'd say a modest part of the margin improvement is exchange. And there's a lot of -- the majority of it is operating performance, the cost-reduction programs that we've talked about, efficiencies, product mix and the like.
Thomas C. Freyman: I'd say the pharma side is relatively stable. You have HUMIRA continuing to grow, which is a solid product, and we do have the kind of the slowdown in the lipids, so fairly neutral on pharma and better progress in the diversified businesses.
Thomas C. Freyman: Sure. So I think the next big data point will be the submission of the Form 10, which we expect by the later part of the first half. As you know, that's where we basically carve out the proprietary pharma business historically in a way that -- as if it had been an independent company during that period. That's a pretty extensive process. To go through that, we have to obviously -- we're just finishing the closing of the books for 2011. We've now completed that, and now we are in the process of going through a carve-out and audit procedure to come up with that Form 10 information. So that would be the first data point. And in the meantime, we'll be refining our outlook for the remainder of '12 and going into 2013 for the 2 businesses, and we'll be able to talk more prospectively about them. And you can expect increasing investor relations activity in the second half of the year in the timeframe consistent with completing the separation by the end of the year. So Miles and Rick and the various management teams will be out interacting and talking about the future outlook for these companies in that timeframe.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. To John's point, the historical capital structure of the 2 businesses in the Form 10 will be quite different than what the capital structure of these companies will be in the future. That's just one example of the types of things we're going to have to help investors through.
Thomas C. Freyman: I'll take the second question first. We have about $3.4 billion remaining under the authorization, so we're in good shape to execute what would be appropriate during 2012.
Thomas C. Freyman: And I'll just add. I think if you were to look at normalized growth rates in 2011 versus '12, you'd see roughly mid single digits in both. And one thing to keep in mind is this organization's been in place a little more than one year. They're just in the very early innings of execution and driving additional growth out of the portfolio, and as Miles said, adding more and more products to the portfolio. So you're going to see decent growth this year with very strong emerging markets and accelerating, we believe, as we go into 2013 and beyond. And as we said back in October, we think that overall, probably mid- to upper-type growth is what you should see in this established business over the longer term.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, there definitely was currency affecting all sales in the quarter. But on a constant currency basis, for the diversified companies, it was up in excess of 10%, so double-digit growth there. And again, we define emerging markets pretty broadly. And in the proprietary business, there were some tender ins and outs between the third and fourth quarter. So it was little less robust in the proprietary business in the quarter.
John B. Thomas: Yes. So Rick, we would expect -- as you know, price declines have moderated, so from year-over-year high single-digit declines, which we saw last year, it's more in the mid single-digit range, which is encouraging. And in addition to what Tom said, we would obviously expect to pick up a lot of that business with XIENCE PRIME, which we continue to sell and market in the U.S. and outside the U.S. And now that we have nano and PRIME, we have the full complement of ranges and sizes and lengths that's not always available with some of the other competitors. And that's one of the reasons why we've done so well internationally. We keep talking about the fact that this business has grown to more than 50% internationally, where double-digit growth is the norm in a lot of these key emerging markets for us, as well as some other more developed Western Europe countries as well, where we continue to take share with PRIME. So I think those things plus the MitraClip, x U.S. run rate, is now at roughly $100 million on an annual basis, and that's helping as well.
John B. Thomas: The other thing I'd note too, Mike, as you know, is our guidance of $4.95 to $5.05 brackets what the first call consensus is right now, which is $5.02.
John B. Thomas: Yes. Mike, the only thing I'd add to there on the HUMIRA is what we said in the past and what we talked about in October at the meeting and Rick talked about is the differentiation of HUMIRA in terms of breadth of indications, depth of clinical data, our differentiating efficacy and safety profile, our strong managed care position. Derm share has been picking up nicely, as is gastro share. Those have all combined to make this what we think is a durable growth vehicle going forward. I think some of the expectations and uncertainty around some of the other products in the market have dissipated as more data has come out on things like orals and so forth. And so we've seen competition in the past. Every year since we've had this product, there have been multiple products that have been in the market. HUMIRA continues to shine in terms of its overall profile. And so we don't expect anything to change that overall trajectory of strong double-digit growth here, particularly for this year.
John B. Thomas: Yes. And I'd also say, too, Mike. You know this. I mean, the other countries are also discussing the impact of foreign exchange. And I think when all the companies report at the end of the day, like is usually the case, in a week or 2, our growth on a relative basis will be strong and in the upper half of the group.
John B. Thomas: Yes. And as a reminder, Dave, we talked about this in October. But we did show some of that first 12-week course of therapy. It's a smaller subset of patients, but it did demonstrate that 90% cure rate, and most importantly, without interferon. And we think that's critical obviously to these new therapies and where we're going and the promise of our program. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we're going to present some of the initial Phase IIb full data set later this fall and also in the spring.
John B. Thomas: Yes. Barbara, the only thing I'm going to add there is on the Form 10, I would just caution everybody that, that is going to be a historical document. And as we work to separate the businesses and the products and so forth, you’ll have to be a little careful at the time of that document that you don't extrapolate that forward too much and draw too many conclusions. Separately, when we do the roadshows for these businesses, we'll talk about outlooks and things like that. So just be a little careful with that information. We can help you at the time of it. It serves a purpose, but it shouldn't be misconstrued in the wrong way about forward-looking projections and...
John B. Thomas: And as far as the molecular business, Tony, as you know, that's been a great business for us. We're definitely an emerging leader in that business. It's about $450 million in sales in '11, growing to what we expect will be more than $1 billion by roughly 2015. And we factored in all of the different situations there in products and so forth that you're talking about. So we expect continued strong double-digit growth here in 2012, as well as over the LRP for that business.
John B. Thomas: Okay, thank you. And that concludes our conference call today. A replay will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. And after 11:00 Central Time, via telephone at (203) 369-1366, confirmation code 33692. The audio replay will be available until 4 p.m. Central Time on Wednesday, February 8, and the IR team is always available. Thank you for joining us today. Bye-bye.
Miles D. White: Yes, I think that's a pretty simple answer. I think everybody is aware the single biggest thing that's changed is exchange. There's been a pretty big shift in currency in the last 3 to 4 months here. And that's the single biggest part of any change in our expectations going forward really.
Miles D. White: Mike, this is Miles again. I can't help but chuckle here because I recall in October, you advocating to me that we should take a more cautious view of earnings growth in 2012. And I'm wondering if you had some prescient view of exchange. And if you had, I wish you'd said so.
Miles D. White: I think I could add to that. I'm pretty happy with what I see in the operating performance of the company right now on so many dimensions. I'm happy with the commercial performance of a lot of our businesses. There's still places we can make improvements, no question. But I think, in general, I'm very pleased with what I call the operating execution. And I'm pleased to see, even earlier than I might have expected, some of the impact on gross margin because I do expect even greater improvement because I think there's a couple of target-rich opportunities for us in the businesses to improve our margins so that's a good thing. While we've got a lot of these product launches or registrations underway, with both EPD, and frankly, even our Nutrition business internationally, we had 52 new products launched in the Nutrition business last year, which is very important to filling out the product lines and the strategies and the countries. And so we've got a lot of really good things going on. Now we know that we'll experience the beginning of our lipid franchise going generic this year. HUMIRA's growth and momentum will, I think, nicely offset that to a large degree. There's actually a lot of good fundamental things going on here that I think position us well actually in both companies. So exchange is little harder to predict. If it goes better than we think, we'll be happy. And if it doesn't, we'll do everything we can to adjust to it. But I think with all the moving parts of the businesses right now, I think this is the prudent place to be. That's the one thing we can't control very well.
Miles D. White: Yes, I think so. I mean, I think that there's been an awful lot of attention paid to everybody in the category. And I think we surprised some people when we exposed our program in more detail in October. I mean, we've obviously seen a -- so we said changing competitive response out there. I think we've got a really promising program here. And we like what we're holding. Well, I think as you've seen from the -- well, it's fair to say, some of the reaction out there, it's a highly valued segment. And I observe that, and I think, man, if that's how people think of it, the value of our pipeline must be astronomical. I mean, we have all the types of assets we need. I'm very pleased with what we've got and the potential for it as it particularly impacts patients and the disease. So yes, I'm very hopeful and very optimistic about the program and very excited about it for the pharma business.
Miles D. White: Yes. It's too early for me to comment on any of that. I think when we're ready later in the year to put out the split of the economics of the companies and all those sorts of things, we'll address it then. But yes, it's too premature. The main thing is, look, our investors have come to rely on and expect a certain cash return. And we're well aware that the profiles of the 2 businesses, which frankly owes to the different investment identity of the 2 businesses, would suggest they would not be necessarily identical on a lot of dimensions. So I understand the nature of the question. I think we'll deal with it when the time comes. But look, they are 2 different investment identities. We understand the question, and we'll have an answer for you later in the year. But in the meantime, our investors, in addition to the growth profile we provide, do expect a certain cash return that's a combination of dividend and/or share repurchase from time to time. And what we do know is that because investors will initially hold both shares, it's important for us to make sure there's no diminution of that cash return to investors. How we split it remains to be seen.
Miles D. White: David, you've got 2 different markets. There's the U.S. market, and then there's the international market. And of course, there's 2 different markets internationally, 1 Europe, 1 the rest of the world. The U.S. market for Nutritionals is not particularly a growth market as a market. But our team has done really well there. We have regained all the share that was impacted by the recall. And they've done a nice job in the U.S. of gaining share relative to competition over the last several years. But the U.S. market for infant nutrition is a declining market, slightly declining. At least for the last couple of years, it has been. And we've gained share against that headwind and grown. So do I expect to see the same kind of performance out of our business? I will say that is certainly what we press for. It's a well-performing business. I like the plans; I like the team; I like the product portfolio. I think it's a well-executing team. So I expect to continue to see good performance out of the U.S. The growth profile overseas, I think, should improve. And I think it's already a strong growth profile, but there's a tailwind of market growth there, too, particularly in emerging markets. And I think in addition to margin expansion, there's a growth expansion expectation that I expect to see here over time as we fill out the product offerings and the product lines in the given geography. So I think this business has an awful lot of opportunity for us going forward here.
Miles D. White: Yes, I think you got 2 things happening here. In the mix of the EPD business or Established Pharmaceuticals, there's a chunk that is generics in Western Europe. And that business has been under the kind of pressure, austerity pressure we've seen in Europe. And so the kind of growth that we've seen in pure emerging markets has been pretty significant double-digit, and that's with only a modest number of these registrations done. So you've got 2 things happening here. Over the course of 2012, there will be, in addition to the couple of hundred that were filed in the second half of 2011, a lot of filings in a lot of these countries that are our targeted geographies around the world, particularly in emerging markets. And as you would imagine, it will take some time to establish those. So I think you'll see some of that late in the year, but I think probably you'll really see the impact of it moving into '13 and beyond. So while we'll be watching for it, do we get the filings done and do we get them done on time and do we get them done in the mass that we intend to in the various countries and so forth, the real financial impact of that will be as they take hold and grow beyond that, which is probably more likely to be visible to you in a '13 timeframe. And at the same time, we're going to have to, by growing those markets, dilute, we'll call it, the austere impact of that chunk of business in Western Europe.
Miles D. White: Yes, okay. I'll take that, Sara. I don't think I'd say it's off the table per se. But I would say this, philosophically, I'm not looking for -- we're not looking for big significant things. I mean, I'd point out to you, we did the Reata transaction or deal after our announcement of split. I think we're always vigilant, looking, analyzing, et cetera, in all of our businesses. We'll always be focused on pipeline enhancements for pharma because I think you practically always have to be. I don't think there's a particularly robust opportunity set out there today. I think it's pretty limited, and I think valuations are, let's call it, stratospheric and difficult to justify at this point. So I think it's very easy to be selective right now on the pharma side. But I know that Rick and his team and our organization are constantly looking for additional enhancements to our pharma portfolio. On the device side, I think you characterized it well. You might call it tuck-in or you might call it geographically opportunistic. There's a few very targeted things that we're interested in. I would call them focused and smaller. As a matter of generality, I'm not looking for big deals. And I think, to be realistic -- and I agree with our investors on this point. I think our investors would say look, unless you got some really great boy-you-can-hardly-stand-it opportunity, husband your cash. There's better things to do with your cash. And our investors in these kind of economic times value cash return or holding and accumulating some cash, and we are. So I'm not looking for places to go spend it necessarily unless something is really compelling. And I'd say right now, my push in the organization is a much greater focus on organic performance, on organic execution. We were very busy in M&A activities for the past several years. As Tom was answering about Established Pharmaceuticals a few moments ago, they've gone through a pretty significant integration of our legacy Abbott business, Solvay, Piramal, our arrangement with Zydus in India. And in the process of integrating that into a single division, they also separated it from the proprietary pharma business. So that was a pretty big effort in the organization. It's important in all of these businesses to make sure that they're operating at their best organically and particularly in R&D. And I think philosophically, every now and then, it's good to pause, soak it up and make sure that everything organically is working well, whether it's your R&D system, your innovation, your gross margin performance, et cetera, and we're very focused on that. I think when that's all in good shape, you're well integrated or separated. As the case may be, the foundation for your M&A activity is stronger. And so right now, I'd say our focus is very much internal, very much operational. But if the right circumstances come along for whether it's tuck-in or nice adjunctive add, we'll respond to it. But I think in that long, rambling answer, you can kind of hear that we're being very selective.
Miles D. White: Yes, Larry, we did have settlements with both of those parties, but the terms of those are confidential.
