Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks, and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2018. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, through our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that third quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only.  On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which adjusts the 2017 basis of comparison to exclude the impact of exchange and historical results for Abbott's Medical Optics and St. Jude's vascular closure businesses, which were divested during the first quarter of 2017 as well as current and prior year sales for Alere, which was acquired on October 3, 2017. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. 
Scott Leinenweber: No, that's fair. We'll submit, as Miles mentioned in his prepared remarks, to the FDA in the coming weeks. And after that, it's in their hands, and we'll let that process play out. 
Scott Leinenweber: Raj, this is Scott. Yes, I would just say with respect to the Vascular business, I think the big news item earlier this year was the U.S. approval of our XIENCE Sierra stent. That's off to a very good start. When you're going in to that, that physician feedback, I know it was very positive to our experience in Europe there. So we've added Sierra to a number of our contracts here in the U.S. We've actually recaptured several share points in the U.S. during the quarter. We also launched a product in Japan recently, and it's performing there very well. So the business had some momentum. But honestly, Sierra stent, it's is a very good product. There's a little bit of masking of that growth with respect to some of the noncommercial royalty revenue that we get, but that's noise. The commercial side of the business is really performing quite well with respect to that launch. With respect to PHP, that's a program we're still committed to very much so. We have not provided any updates on the time line of late. I would expect we will in the future at some point. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. No change, really. I mean, procedures and demand volume from that side of things are fairly constant to the way they've been running and trending for the last several quarters. Pricing in some of the segments, such as CRM and Vascular, is a modest headwind. But demand is strong, offsetting most of that. Those are really the only 2 areas of the Medical Device business where we think about price. The others are very healthy. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes, that's right, Miles. We haven't provided timing yet on Libre 2 in the U.S. Obviously, we will bring an alarm version to the U.S. at some point in time. The current version is obviously doing quite well as well. So that's just another opportunity in the pipeline, but we have not provided specifics on time line yet. 
Scott Leinenweber: Chris, this is Scott. I would just say, as you know, that the clinical chemistry and immunoassay instruments, the core business there, the instruments are approved. And we are building our test menu at a pretty ratable kind of rate quarter to quarter, so to speak, and making progress on that front. It will still take a few more quarters until we get what we consider a critical mass there. So you'll probably looking back half of 2019 on what we feel like we're really going to have the menu and the systems we need to go out and get business. Okay. Well, thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Miles. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance. Turning to our results. Sales for the third quarter increased 7.8% on an organic basis. Rapid Diagnostics, which was acquired late last year and is therefore not included in our organic sales growth results, achieved sales of $481 million. Exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 2.7% on third quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar strengthened versus several currencies, resulting in a larger unfavorable impact on our results this quarter compared to the expectations had exchange rates held steady since the time of our earnings call in July. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 7.3% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense is 29.7% of sales. Turning to our outlook for the full year 2018. We forecast organic sales growth of approximately 7%, at the top end of the guidance range we provided at the beginning of the year. At current rates, we expect exchange would now have a slightly negative impact on full year reported sales. In addition, we continue to expect Rapid Diagnostics to contribute sales of a little more than $2 billion. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 59.5% of sales, which includes underlying gross margin improvement across our businesses. We forecast adjusted R&D investment of a little less than 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 30.5% of sales. Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2018. We forecast an adjusted EPS of $0.80 to $0.82. We forecast organic sales growth of mid- to high single digits. And at current exchange rates, we'd expect exchange to have a negative impact of a little more than 3% on reported sales. In addition, we expect Rapid Diagnostics to contribute sales of around $500 million in the fourth quarter, which, as I previously mentioned, is not included in our organic growth rate this year.  Before we open the call for questions, I'll now provide an overview of our fourth quarter organic sales growth outlook by business. For Established Pharmaceuticals, we forecast mid-single-digit sales growth, which reflects the difficult comparison in our noncore other business segment relative to the fourth quarter of last year when sales increased strong double digits. In Nutrition, we forecast low- to mid-single-digit sales growth. In Diagnostics, we forecast mid- to high-single-digit sales growth. And in Medical Devices, we forecast high-single-digit sales growth, which reflects double-digit growth in several areas of this business. With that, we will now open the call for questions. 
Brian Yoor: All right, Vijay. Let me start with the gross margin. Our underlying gross margin improvement has been strong. It's ticking up nearly about 0.5 point year-over-year, and that's largely the effect of our synergies that are going on, both with respect to Alere and its integration. And also contained synergies with St. Jude. And every year, we put an emphasis on improving our underlying gross margin of all of our businesses. So we had the healthy reinvestment back into the business. FX really not -- it mixes -- it moves around a little bit here and there. It changes every day, but it's not really having too much of an impact. So we're seeing close to 40 bps of gross margin improvement. That's all underlying for the year. Your observation on FX as far as earnings is pretty spot on. If you recall, we came out at the beginning of the year and we thought that FX would actually be a tailwind of about $0.05. It's probably now closer to that $0.03 to $0.04 down on a full year basis. So we're powering through that. We're powering through that with all the underlying performance that Miles has talked about with respect to all the businesses. So when you look under line, it's outstanding, very strong performance that carries momentum into 2019. 
Brian Yoor: Okay. Yes, I'll take the last first, Larry. This is Brian. With respect to the U.S., what you're seeing is the impact of a wind-down of a noncore product line for us. You'll see that here in Q3. Otherwise, the U.S. business will be growing. You'll see in Q4 as well. It's noncore to us and it's -- we've just decided to wind it down. That's the only thing going on in the U.S. With respect to China, the transition is going smoothly. The food safety law transition is going smoothly. I think behavior has been rational in the market. The market growth rates in China have been strong. And we're always fighting there to grow share. But our greater China business has done quite well this year. And we expect the markets there in China to remain strong and stable going forward on the pediatric side of the business. 
Brian Yoor: It's going to be somewhere probably between 3% and 4% of our earnings. And we've seen that before. And as Miles said, we always work to mitigate as much of that as possible. And the great news is that we have a lot of underlying growth in the businesses and the sales growth that we're going to power through as much of that as possible. 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, David. Let me take the first part of that. The answer is sort of definitively and absolutely yes on the sustainability of earnings. In fact -- rather, sales top line, and I'll get to earnings in a minute. In that 6% to 7% range, I say yes. And frankly, I'm even looking at 7% and better. But if you look at the underlying momentum of each of these businesses today and the underlying growth of each of these businesses, there's actually some places, I think, it could get better. There's places we're, obviously, trying to improve. I wouldn't forecast it yet, but I still see plenty of growth, plenty of opportunity, frankly, with the new product pipeline for years to come. And you're seeing the evidence of that right now in the performance of all the businesses. The Diagnostics business growth rate is clearly turned up. That is clearly the impact of Alinity taking hold. It's having great success in Europe. Libre is doing super well. And on top of that, we haven't really put a lot of promotional emphasis behind it. So I see a strong future for both of those. The new product cadence coming out of Medical Devices is really good. And frankly, we expect another approval imminently here in the U.S. So I think that in terms of the sustainability of top line, I feel very good about that. I feel really good about the underlying growth of the company, the sustainability of it, et cetera. The little elephant in the room is clearly exchange. And I think that's true for practically every multinational out there. I think all of us, all investors, all companies doing business in international markets are experiencing the upturn in exchange now. And frankly, a bit of uncertainty about how long it lasts because every time we enter a new year, we kind of think we've got a notion of what exchange and currency and so forth is going to do, and it never last the entire year. We always see a change once or twice during the year. And some of that is just driven by news. Some of it is driven by trade talk and other things. But it's -- I think, for all of us, it's a little hard to forecast. So we see that -- in the third quarter, we've seen a tick-up in currency impact. We're clearly moving into a headwind here. We'll see that in the fourth quarter. And I think that's going to continue into next year. The question is, how far into next year? And how heavy is that headwind? And on our case, we look at the overall business and say, "Look, the underlying growth rates, the underlying strength of the business is really strong." And we've been able, historically, to absorb exchange, mitigate exchange, deal with exchange, et cetera, and be a very reliable performer for our investors. And that's always our goal. We always start the year with a double-digit earnings goal every year. And it's the rare year when we don't achieve that, hit it or exceed it. And this is no different. I think, right now, we're a few months ahead of next year. And a lot always happens in the first quarter. So we don't have any way to reliably tie down what we think currency is going to do. I don't think anybody does, obviously. I know that it will be a headwind starting out. What happens from there, who knows? But we go into the year looking at double digits. And with underlying growth like we have in all of our businesses, I'd say, that was pretty solid. 
Miles White: Well, what it means to me over the intermediate term is I get a lot more help, which I'm happy about. Look, it's obviously a succession step. And one of the things that I think any good leader's got to do with his company is make sure that there's always good, strong succession, building, growing, et cetera, in the company. And that applies to me, too. So I think, for the continuity of the performance of this company, the continuity of its strategies, the continuity of it sustainable growth rates and so forth going forward, that's important. Robert Ford has been in this company this entire year. I've known him 22 years and pay a lot of attention to his career, as you might imagine. And he's been an excellent operator. He's handled our entire St. Jude integration, done a terrific job with Medical Devices. And consequently, I want all of those Medical Device businesses continuing to report directly to him, even as he takes on more responsibility. And I'd say, with time, this will develop pretty nicely. And I think it's a very good strong move for the company. 
Miles White: Well, I'll tell you, interestingly enough, I don't actually look at it the way you just described. I think Libre is a pretty different product. It's a -- it's got tremendous capability. But given that value point that we have it priced at, it is accessible to patients all over the world. And when we first launched in Europe, we launched without any government reimbursement. And for the first time, glucose monitoring was patient pay. And it had wildly great acceptance just on that basis, which actually encouraged governments to reimburse the product. So I think with health care today, a lot of things that come to market are very expensive, whether they are pharmaceuticals or devices. And in this particular case, it was important that this have a medical and a -- an economic value proposition that made it accessible to all patients or as many as possible. And there's tens of millions of diabetes patients out there. Obviously, there's type 1s and insulin-dependent patients and there's type 2s trying not to be. And so the product has a much broader appeal across a much broader patient base. And in our case, we have a much lower cost and far greater automated manufacturing capability to not only allow that cost, but to allow for mass production. And that's the path we've taken. And we've gone at this from an access standpoint that's far more retail and direct-to-consumer-oriented. It's made a big difference. So I'd say, at this point, we're making healthy profits on this product. We have no intention of changing the value proposition at all. I mean, your question sort of suggests that we would raise price in order to be competitive. I'd say, you ought to be asking the other side what are they going to do to make themselves a value proposition because this product is an incredibly good value proposition, which is why it's got such high demand. And to be honest, we don't even measure ourselves relative to any competition, including finger stick, at this point. We know how many potential patients that are out there. And it's our intent to capture the vast majority or possible maximum of them that we possibly can in just a few years. So I look at Libre right now, and a lot of people call it a wild success. I kind of think we're just getting started. And we're investing heavily in capacity to allow even more rapid expansion. And people will say, "Well, how do you model that?" And I think I'm not sure we can model it. It's that good. So I'd tell you, you probably need to think about this a little differently in terms of value proposition and the kind of access that affords. And I think the future of health care kind of demands that from us, from all companies. There are certain products, obviously, there are small volume, there are niche medical treatments and so forth that are costly to develop, costly to make and provide and so forth. But there's others that have much broader impact and much broader appeal. And part of the future of health care and the necessity for companies like ours is making those things as broadly accessible as possible. And we still, obviously, have to earn our return. And I could assure you, we're making a nice healthy return on Libre. 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks. I think it's more of the same from last quarter. And I do think this is temporary. I think it's going to take us couple of quarters to work through, let's call it, the commercial execution issue we have. And you don't fix that overnight, but we will fix it and fix it in the near term. And I do think that this is a business that should return to double-digit growth. So I can look at that as something that gets better for us. It was, obviously, very strong last year. It hit a stall point during this year. But I do think that upside is there. And it's strictly in our hands at this point. So yes, I'm pretty optimistic about it. Do you go to bed happy about it? No. Can you fix it? Yes, and we are. 
Miles White: Okay. First question is really easy. I was referencing HeartMate 3 and a new claim. Second question, good question. I know The Street is where it is. The Street, generally, in its consensus, hasn't tried to factor in or tried to model exchange. And we're all looking at the same exchange trends right now, even The Street. So I'd say, look, if I privately pull the 20 analysts or so that -- on the sell side that cover Abbott, or any company for that matter, you'd probably all say, "Well, this is my current estimate based on underlying growth, but I'm not sure how exchange is going to impact it." And secondly, I'm not sure how much everybody is going to try to absorb in their P&L and how much they're going to pass through in their estimates and so forth. I think we're all kind of in that boat together right now. Do I think that 10% to 12% range right now is reasonable? We start every year at double digits. And whatever -- I think, as I said earlier, the underlying growth of these businesses is there. There's puts and takes. There's ins and outs. There's not just product ins and outs. There's tax rate. Everybody that experience tax reforms is going to experience some adjustments in tax rates this year. There's puts and takes. We, obviously, made a change in some of our debt cost with euro debt. That's a positive for us. So there's a bunch of pluses and minuses we've got to sort out. The one that's hard to forecast in some way is exchange. And yet, we were on the dot to the penny or penny above or better every single quarter. So we tend to like a lot of precision on our forecasting. And the hardest thing to forecast here is exchange. So do I think that could be a bit of a mitigator here? It might be, but we're all going to know a lot more about that in a few months when it's time to set our guidance for next year. Historically, as you know, we have always tried to offset in some fashion or mitigate as much exchange as possible, so that we can reliably deliver what our investments -- what our investors expect. I mean, there's -- look, there's a lot of moving parts in the world, and we're always trying to synthesize all those moving parts and give you, the investor, reliability to the penny every quarter. And so far, I think for the last 15 to 20 years, we've been pretty damn good at that. Going into next year, our goals will be no different. And right now, I think that even analysts and their estimates that inform that 12% consensus that you referenced as being out there now is subject to change by analysts factoring in exchange or any number of other things. But in our case, we're always trying to mitigate that. I don't know where it will come out. But I think somewhere in that range is probably right. We'll be starting at 10%. And we'll see what happens after that. I would tell you this, if exchange mitigates and we suddenly see a weak dollar, we're not going to have a problem making you happy. 
Miles White: Well, Vijay, you forgot to mention Alere. You forgot to mention COAPT. You forgot to mention some improvements in EPD. It's interesting. I've never, in my career here, seen such breadth across the company in new products, new product launches, market conditions, et cetera. Even Nutrition, right now, is doing considerably better than it has the last couple of years. I wouldn't forecast better for Nutrition, but I like what it's doing right now. And EPD, it's in high growth or, at least, moderate to high growth markets with great tailwinds. It of course has a currency headwind, like everything else. But all of these things are performing really well. And even the ones that you can see and forecast and track pretty well, like Libre or Alinity, et cetera, they're actually accelerating. And that just gets better. So I think the sustainability of the growth and the diversity of it is a huge plus. It's not like we're reliant on a single product or a single country. We're not highly indexed in China. And we're not overdependent on a single product. There's just great diversity of growth opportunity across the board. And I think the -- I'm really proud of the company from a productivity and pipeline standpoint. That goes for St. Jude as well. As I've said a number of times, St. Jude, in the course of our acquisition negotiations with them continued to talk to us the veracity of their pipeline and how good it was. And to be honest, they were right, and that's proven. So I'm pretty bullish on just the diversity of opportunity here. And while we can try to point at 1 or 2 of them, I think Libre and Alinity stick out. But incremental matters. And incremental in any business here, whether it's HeartMate 3 or Neuro or even EPD or Alere or anything us, Portico, all of these things contribute to the growth of the company, and that's how we like it. We like every bit of this company performing well. 
Miles White: I would just add one comment that blame it on the CEO comment. I don't get overly worked up about raising in the fourth quarter. We've been ahead all year. We're performing strong. Like you, I'm looking at next year and the continuity and sustainability of it all. Whatever the fourth quarter is, it will be. And we're not going to miss -- that's incredibly unlikely. We are all observing that exchange is a bigger headwind. But when you get to giving guidance for the fourth quarter or raising, I think, generally, one is tweaking. And at this point in the year, I think tweaking for one quarter is kind of -- I'm looking at next year. And so I wouldn't read too much into that other than, look, the obvious. We all know exchanges is getting headier. And -- but beyond that, I think the story here is the underlying growth, and that is pretty strong and pretty sustainable. So don't read too much into it. 
Miles White: I might have to ask Scott for some help on that because I'm not sure we can give you timing on that. 
Miles White: I would tell you this. It should take a lot less time than it seems to. The U.S. lags Europe and the rest of the world on some of these approvals in a way that I find hard to explain, but it is what it is. 
Miles White: Okay. Let me deal with that one first. Well, first of all, I think the organization has done a terrific job on cash generation and debt pay down. And I give Brian Yoor and the management team total credit for that because what we've done for cash management, debt management, debt pay down and stuff has been led by him and terrific job. And to be honest, when we took all the borrowing down in order to do the St. Jude and Alere acquisitions, our debt to EBITDA ratio was, gosh, I think, like, 4.3, something like that. And we made commitments to the rating agencies that we would get that down pretty fast. And we're down to, I think, 2. So we've obviously paid off a lot of debt very fast. And we're happy with the rate of that. And it gives us a lot of flexibility from a capital allocation or strategic flexibly standpoint. But will we continue to pay down debt? We will. But I think we also -- we have other capital needs, where, for example, we want to target our dividend in a certain range as a percent of our EPS. And we are completely able to do that and meet those targets and those goals for dividend payouts. Some of our capital attention has been paid to growth. And we are investing in Alinity, and we're investing in Libre. We're making a large investment in capacity expansion for Libre that, I think, you'll see drive even more growth out of Libre than you can see now and fulfill kind of the larger mass market ramp-up we see for that product. We're putting a fair bit of investment into the expansion of Alinity. So when we can invest our capital in growth not only near term, but long term with high return, that's a good use for our capital. And we're obviously doing that. We haven't, to be fair, seen a lot on the M&A front that interests us. And as I've indicated in the past, we always keep our ear to the ground. We're always doing our homework on what possibilities may or may not be out there and what might interest us, what might fit our portfolio. But right now, we haven't seen anything that draws our attention that way. So we don't have anything on our radar screen from the standpoint of M&A that, we think, is beneficial to us. We've got so much more opportunity in the company organically and out of our pipelines and the expansion of all the things we've talked about earlier that, that's really where our focus is. And fortunately, for us, it can be and ought to be. So we just haven't seen anything to draw our cash or capital investment from the standpoint of an M&A. I mean, there may be little things here and there, but nothing that I would say is particularly needle moving on a big scale here in any near-term way. And then finally, I suppose the fifth, last opportunity is -- or that I haven't mentioned is not last and priority, but -- is share buyback. And right now, we haven't been. What you're seeing in our EPS growth and so forth is pure growth and not enhanced at all by share buybacks. And to be honest, as we've all seen during the year, that hasn't been a high return investment for a lot of companies. And we've had better uses for our capital that do have high returns for us. And so consequently, it doesn't rule it out. It doesn't rule out that we could do it, but we'll only do it if it's got a good return for us and our investor, et cetera. And right now, our best investment is us. So we're directing our cash that way. I think our cash flow is strong enough that we've got a lot of good choices. We will continue to pay down debt. But we're at a point where we've got strategic flexibility. It's just a question on where we'd use it. And I think that's all good. 
Miles White: Yes. I would only add that the whole Nutrition business, obviously, is doing a lot better this year than it did last year. Where it is right now, there's various countries or various segments of business where we want to do better. There's ups and downs. But overall, if you take it as a whole, a lot happier where it is today than where it was a year ago. 
Miles White: And I would add to that, Chris. It always comes as a judgment trade-off. If you could predict currency for the whole year or beyond, that would be one thing, but we can't. And so we take a lot of different actions to mitigate the volatility of it or the impact of it. We've got a very sophisticated and, frankly, complex rolling hedging program on the currencies that we can hedge, so we take out a lot of the unpredictability with that. Obviously, over the long term, we're not currency traders and we're not trying to be, but we're trying to be able to make our earnings and our sales more predictable, more stable, more reliable in terms of what our investors want to see and, frankly, the impact on us, so we can plan and manage. That said, gosh, today's currency rates, if sustained, it'll be a heavy headwind. Do I think all of that somehow passes through to the investor? I do not. Do I think that the currency rates will be the same 3 months from now or the same 6 months from now? I do not. If you ask me, do I think they will be up or down? I have no idea. All I know is, as I told you earlier, we look at the right balance of what is right for us to try to mitigate or hedge or whatever we're going to do to perform to the investment identity that our investors expect of us and where are we in a prudent range of how we manage that balance and how we deal with exchange and so forth in the performance for our investors, and we always start with a double-digit target of growth. So a lot of moving parts, and we'll see. Right now, I think that's kind of the only elephant in the room for us. And everything else looks positive and strong and -- or is in our hands to manage. And the one that's not entirely in our hands to manage is what currency hands us. But then, we do have a lot of things to do to try to minimize its impact on the overall performance of the company for our investors. 
