Thomas Freyman: Yes. Overall, again, we're forecasting high-single-digit sales growth, around 3% of that is Solvay and Piramal, the rest is organic. So very solid, mid- to upper-organic growth in 2011. As I mentioned, as we currently view it, the forecast has no exchange impact in 2011.
Thomas Freyman: Mike, obviously this is the first time we've provided guidance. As I look at the models in the first quarter, it's clear that they were very, very inconsistent with what the full year forecast that all the analysts are projecting. My only speculation is they really didn't have any information and to have growth rates far in excess of our full year growth rate, which is really what the street has is not reasonable. We've got health care reform lapping in the first quarter, we've got European price hitting us in the first quarter. And as John mentioned, the recall in nutrition in the U.S. is going to be a very difficult comparison in the first half of the year. So I think it’s a combination of just a lack of information by people modeling the quarter and a lack of understanding of some of these comparable comparisons to 2010.
Thomas Freyman: Really the environment, Rick. It's all the things we talked about. And we've got to do all of those things to offset these European pricing pressures, which hopefully we've had the bulk of them hit, and we're going to get back to normal levels. That is our expectation. This last lapping of U.S. healthcare reform and some of the comps on nutrition and things like that are slowing a bit, the rate of our improvement in gross margin. But I think we will see steady progress this year. We do think the ratio will be above 2010 and hopefully when we get through some of these transitional things, we can move that a little quicker.
Thomas Freyman: We have been growing cash flow very nicely, as we mentioned, well in excess of $8 billion in 2010, very nice increase over 2009. And I think to echo Miles, I mean, this balanced approach over the years, I mean, we've had steady dividend increases for 38 years. We have a very strong dividend payout. We do have a -- we've done share repurchase over the years. And from time to time, we build cash to maintain strategic flexibility in order to execute on the M&A, which I think most people would agree we've done an outstanding job on. And there will also be some investment in the business, organic as Miles mentioned, in terms of emerging markets investments. But this balanced approach has served us well and I think over time, as the business grows and improves and cash flow goes up, we'll continue to apply that.
Thomas Freyman: We've been telling some investors lately and just to put this in perspective, and you can never totally count on analysts' forecasts, obviously, but if you go out to 2015, if you were just to take the JAK's comp out from Pfizer and assume it gets through the regulatory process, which obviously these days is no slam dunk, the forecast for that on average were around $1 billion in 2015. Put it in perspective, we've had a lot of competition in the bio space. A lot of products have come in and gotten very little market share because it's really the big three products that tended to continue to maintain the majority of the share. And so this would be another competitor, but if you believe those forecasts, you believe $1 billion, then you look at Abbott’s global market share in the space of around 25%, say in the 2015, on a multi-billion dollar product obviously in 2011, we're forecasting well in excess of $7 billion for this product given our growth guidance today. That's around $250 million of competitive impact on this product, that far. And that's the middle of the decade. So I do think that obviously, I think a bit of an emotional reaction, perhaps not totally consistent with the forecast in terms of what it means. And to Miles' point, we have so many other things going on and under-appreciated growth opportunities that – that’s really minimal impact out that far. So hopefully that's puts you in perspective a little bit about this one product still in Phase III, not approved, could potentially impact the market.
Thomas Freyman: This is Tom. We were very much on track with our expectations for the Piramal acquisition as we put the 2011 forecast together. And with a market that's growing 20-ish percent or a business we think is going to grow 20-ish percent, and as Miles indicated, the payoff of this, really, is in the second five years of a 10-year time frame. And obviously, at that type of growth rate, you're going to see the majority of the growth in the back period. But in the early years, off of a smaller base, it’s roughly a $0.5 billion at 20% a year. That gives you an idea of the types of growth we expect over the next two, three, four years.
Thomas Freyman: And the only thing I'd add there, Tony, is certainly below the gross margin level, these are businesses that require over time, as Miles indicated, based on the lower cost structure and just the nature of the market's lower R&D and SG&A commitments, and so the op [operating] margin on these businesses are very healthy. I’m going to give you an example. In India, the prices of a number of our products are very, very low and yet the margins on those products still very, very healthy. And it doesn't fit a Western model, it's a different model.
Miles White: Mike, we targeted -- as a matter of our investment identity, we've been able to do it on a very consistent basis. As you can see, our investment profile and R&D and SG&A is up. We have expanding margin. We're not burning any shingles, but we felt the impact of healthcare reform and all the regulatory actions that others have identified, the pricing pressures in Europe and so forth. There's awful lot of pressures on this industry. At the end of the day, you rely on new products, you rely on geographic expansion, you rely on share gain and you rely on managing. And I think the actions that we initiated today are part of that, things like healthcare reform don't come without consequences to a business. But at the end of the day, you manage all of these things. I think our investment identity is a double-digit grower and I don't see any reason at this point why we would shift away from that. I think it's harder, a lot harder than it used to be. It's hard to sustain. Obviously, a lot of companies in our industry are finding it very difficult to sustain that, but I think you take care of business and make sure your pipeline is robust and that you have good growth platforms in a lot of geographic markets -- and I think we've done that. With regard to the disconnect with the street, I don't know how to comment on the sentiment of the street. I think the company has consistently delivered against the expectations we've set that appears to not have been recognized on a consistent basis by the street. I don't know how to explain that, you know the sentiment of the street much better than I do. I think if there's a place where the investment community is disconnected from Abbott, it's an appreciating the other parts of the business. We tend to get an awful lot of focus on one drug and it's a wonderful drug and I think it’s doing terrific things for Abbott and it's a fantastic product. But the fact is, I think analysts under-appreciate the Nutrition business. I think they under appreciate the branded generics, our Established Products business and emerging markets. I think analysts, in general, are only beginning to learn about those markets in a real depth. I think there are smaller businesses here, smaller relative to others that are growing at a very rapid rate that have great growth potential. And when I look at models, of where the main disconnects are, it's not so much in estimating patented pharma, it's in estimating the performance of all the other businesses that represent the diversity of Abbott and in particular, in other geographic markets. So if I were going to advise analysts where to look for how sustainable is the growth future of Abbott, I would encouraged them to look not only at the patented pharma pipeline which I also think is underappreciated, but I would look at the Established Products business, Nutritionals, the Diagnostics, the Devices and in particular, the geographic expansion opportunities because that's where most of the disconnects are, Mike.
Miles White: I think J&J and others have characterized it right, Rick. I think it is a tough environment. I don't expect it to get better. I don't expect the pressures to ease up. I think that the characterization of a tougher economy, pressure on utilization, pressure on budgets, pressure on pricing, pressure on access or the regulatory systems I think all of those things continue. I would not forecast they get better. I think the pressure then becomes do the companies know what to do to navigate and adapt to that environment. And I would tell you that at varying degrees, I think companies are very rational and figure out what to do to adapt to run their businesses. I think we've done that really well, I think that our performance over the last several years and particularly in positioning our company going forward demonstrate that. Whether that's widely recognized or not, that's kind of up to you guys to judge. But we've seen varying degrees of performance out of the companies in our industry. But I'll tell you, this industry has lost a lot of jobs in the United States and overseas. It may continue to do so. Companies will adjust their cost structures. They will adjust how they market their products. They will adjust where they invest. But what I don't think companies will do is give up or quit on the obligations they have to investors. Companies will be rational and we're the same. We know what to do to deliver against the expectations of the investors and the shareholders that we're responsible for. We know how to change and adapt our business. Some of that is short-term actions; some of that is long-term strategic shaping and positioning of the business. You'll hear a lot of companies talk about the future being in emerging markets. Several of us, not all of us, have positioned ourselves I think very well there. And I hit on that today because I think that it has been underappreciated. Where a lot of future growth opportunities are, segments are shifting. I think our U.S.-based investors primarily understand patented pharma, don't necessarily understand pharma in an emerging world. Don't understand diagnostics or other things. We have an education task there and an information task to inform investors and shareholders and analysts and so forth, more about what we know about those markets, more about what we know about our pipelines. I think all of us as companies are reshaping our pipelines to product areas where we believe that there is real medical opportunity and frankly, some prospect of navigating a regulatory system that currently says no more often than yes. And I think that we will all adapt that way. We are large companies. The R&D that we invest in is expensive; its years in the making, so that adapting isn't quick. It takes time. But I think the characterization of other companies who've described the market had characterized it properly. I think at the end of the day, what differentiates us all is how well we adapt to it and how well we manage to live up to our shareholders' expectations.
Miles White: Back to your original piece of this in terms of the portfolio, I would say right now, I like the portfolio we hold. I'm always, as I've told you in the past, always aware. And I'd like to think that we stay on top of where opportunities may exist for us. I would say in general right now, I don't see a licensing or M&A environment that's particularly robust. That's okay. We like the hand we're holding. There's a relatively small handful of things that might appeal to me or us should they be available at reasonable value or whatever the case may be. But we’re happy with the hand we hold, and I think right now, we're putting an awful lot of focus on operating well. In this sort of environment, if there were an opportunity, it’s probably a good time to take advantage of it. At the same time I think it's important to operate really well, because given all the pressures you highlighted earlier, it's your own execution and operating well that helps you to navigate it and meet the sometimes unrealistic expectations of investors. But whether they're realistic or not, our job is to meet them. And I think you have to execute well and operate well in all the operating aspects of your business, and that means for us integrate the businesses we have. Structure our business well, position them well in new markets, execute well in our pipelines and in our regulatory efforts and so forth. That's where we're focused. And that means that a lot of activity on the M&A or other fronts would probably be less. But as you know, I haven't passed a really good opportunity, if there's been a really good opportunity, and I think our track record there speaks for itself. I don't see a lot of that right now out in the market place, so I'm focused on our geographic expansion efforts and our execution. And the things you're talking about, margin improvement, et cetera.
Miles White: We're definitely going to generate a lot of cash and you'd be right, we will generate a lot of cash and obviously, we've been a fairly steady dividend producer and we've allocated our cash, I think, pretty well overtime, whether it be share buyback or M&A activity or whatever it may be, we are fortunate that we have very strong cash flow and the last several years, we've exceeded the projections and frankly even our own plans for cash flow as we did again this last year. So, Tom, you want to comment on cash flow a little bit? And then obviously we're not going to project too accurately for David what he wants us to project, but...
Miles White: The one thing I would add to this, to your question, and I realize at the end of the day it's how much you can model and how much you can analyze, whether it's HUMIRA or cash flows or the rest of the businesses or anything else. The one thing I’d suggest that is worth something here is track record. If you look at the track record or performance of the company and its management, we are consistently delivering. And whether we've projected it for you well enough in advance, I can't say. But up to now whether it's been capital allocation or the performance with our products and so forth, I think we've consistently delivered. So to the extent that track record matters, I'd say that's worth a little something looking forward even if we differ on our models.
Miles White: Glen, can we take them one at time or I won't even remember it. I’d tell you, first of all, with regard to PROMUS, we're doing our best every day to take PROMUS with XIENCE. So I'm not sure that I would consider that a huge issue there. It's our objective to make XIENCE number one and it is. So let me come back to the headwinds in 2012. Yes, we obviously faced some things going generic. But as a portion of the entire company, I don't want to minimize the magnitude of any given product. It'll be significant, but we've navigated that in the past. We went through that with Depakote, when it went generic and nobody noticed, because the variety of growth sources that we rely on, whether they be new products or geographic expansion or anything else are significant. So I'd tell you that in general, whether it's sales growth, geographic expansion or margin expansion, at this point, now barring what I don't know which is environmental to a large degree, I have not changed our target in terms of 2012 which always starts with double-digit bottom line. So I haven't seen any reason yet to back off of double-digit earnings as a target for 2012. And I can tell you that after 2010, which I think was one of the most difficult and challenging years for this company and for all the companies in our industry because healthcare reform was not trivial, it was a huge impact on all companies in our business negatively and the European pricing pressures that all of us, as multinationals, experienced in Europe, regulatory issues, any number of things, devaluations in particular countries, you name it, recalls, products removed from the market. I mean, if you look across the industry, we all experienced these things. The cumulative effect of all of those was significant, and I emphasize that with a capital S. And we're all adjusting and adapting to it. Having said that, we’re forecasting double-digit growth for 2011 and at this point, barring the unforeseen, I'm targeting it again for 2012.
Miles White: Yes, it's a mature product area, it becomes de-emphasized beyond 2012. Because frankly, the environment broadly defined is not supportive of a lot of innovation there. I think that's how I'd put it.
Miles White: Just to correct that, Catherine, the business is actually a little bigger than that when you factor in all the pieces of the business. That was just Piramal. Abbott has a lot more Pharma business in India beyond that from Solvay, Knoll and Abbott legacy business. So you look at the growth rate on top of India for that business, it's a fairly steady growth rate. It doesn't all happen in a hockey stick at the end. It doesn't all happen right at the beginning either. It's a fairly steady growth rate driven by market expansion.
Miles White: You may be right because we haven't given a lot of visibility to the various pieces of that and as we integrated -- that's a good point. We'll take that as advice to explain not just India but frankly our position in the significant emerging markets that we're targeting. And I understand it’d probably be easier for you to either understand it or model it if we could characterize what's well established, in place, et cetera, what's integrated, what's new product, et cetera, what's coming. I assume that's your point.
Miles White: Well, they reported their quarter through the close date, which was in early September. So you were looking at a partial quarter for them. I know that caused some confusion in the fall, and I tried to clear that up with folks as questions came in. But again, it was more of a partial quarter concept going on for them in their reporting.
Miles White: Tony, we'll take a crack at it. I’ll give you some background. First of all, it depends on the business. And if we take pharma first, because it's a branded, generic business, and a branded business where the breadth of product line and the offering is different than what I'd call a commodity generic business, the profitability of the business tends to be considerably higher and the gross margin of the business tends to be consistent with the kinds of gross margins we see in other Abbott businesses. That's true in pharma, that's true in Nutrition and those are the two single biggest growth drivers, and we’re selective about how we compete with our other products. I would tell you that in the base core of whether -- in Pharma in particular, costs are considerably lower in that business which contributes to that profile when you compare it to a patented or a developed market business. So the cost structure, the infrastructure, a whole lot of things are commensurate with the locale of the business, the kind of businesses it is, where we manufacture, where we source, et cetera. And that's a fundamental part of the business. It’s one of the reasons why we separate the business completely from our patented pharma operations, in R&D, manufacturing regulatory sales, you name it. It's just got its own independent cost structure and so on. Similarly, we are moving in the same fashion with our Nutrition business, but we enjoy pricing in a lot of these emerging markets comparable to the U.S. and therefore, profitability comparable to the U.S. And then we're just very selective about the remainder of the businesses. So while the -- perhaps the historic notion has been that these are low-margin businesses, no, they're not. They're low cost and healthy margin. And you have to be selective about where you compete.
