Robert Ford: Sure, Bob. You hit on all the points there. I guess we've been looking at 2021 for several months right now. I think one of the things as we're going into it is that we knew, I mean, a lot of companies were going to be forecasting double-digit growth going into 2021, a lot of that probably based on comps, where we saw a decrease in EPS. And that was -- that's not the case for Abbott. We're not coming out of a hole. And as I said in my remarks, the $5 -- the at least $5 target for 2021 is about 50% higher than where we were in 2019.  And what I can say is that we are, Bob and myself, as we manage the business, especially over these last couple of months and going into this year, we've been looking at 2-year CAGRs across our businesses. And then -- I think that's the right way to look at it, is to kind of look at what happened in 2020. And it's easy for some of the businesses to come up and post double-digit kind of growth for us. So we're really looking on a 2-year CAGR basis.  The points that you touched on are all the points that we've looked at, and we've been modeling several different scenarios. So I'll touch on those because they're all elements of how we built to our at least $5. First of all, obviously, COVID testing, it's been a big driver for us, and it will continue to be a big driver. I expect testing demand is still going to remain high even as the vaccines roll out. I don't think we've even seen testing demand peak yet.  So we built a lot of capacity, and we've talked about that over the last year, the capacity that we built. But we didn't put it all in. We didn't put it all in into that $5. So -- but we don't all see it going away either. But there's enough capacity there, testing capacity, sufficient testing capacity for us to be able to meet this kind of growing demand right now.  The other part of our forecast here, without a doubt, is looking at our base business and the recovery of our base business, specifically the ones that were hit probably more heavily by the COVID, which was some of our device businesses and our routine testing and routine lab testing. These are important procedures and life-saving procedures. They're important routine tests to do. So you can't just keep pushing them out indefinitely. And what we saw in Q3 of last year as those rates -- hospitalization rates start to come down, we started to see the pickup of our procedures and of our core testing. And we actually saw growth in several months in Q3 and going into Q4. And obviously, that got impacted probably around Thanksgiving.  So we've seen that these can recover, and we do have that modeled in into that $5, which is a recovery of these businesses at a similar rate of what we saw in Q3 in summer and the fall.  I'd say the third kind of key element in there is our consumer businesses that probably weren't as impacted and did pretty well during the pandemic. We expect those businesses to either continue their trajectory or get better. I mean I think Nutrition had a really great year last year. I expect them to have a very similar year this year with a lot of new product launches. EPD should get sequentially better. We saw that in Q4. Early indications in January show that recovery continuing.  And quite frankly, Libre, I expect to do better with all the innovation and investment we're making there. So those businesses will do well.  And then the fourth element that we've modeled a lot is spending and ability to reinvest in the businesses and areas that we thought that we could do with more investment, whether it's SG&A, and more specifically in R&D, and accelerate some of our programs. I think you saw some of that in our Q4 results, where we beat consensus while at the same time, investing more in R&D and SG&A.  So we looked at these 4 elements here, Bob, and we modeled it variety of different ways and just feel really good that this was a good floor, a good starting point at $5. Quite frankly, if anything, we could have significant upside over here. And it's just really going to depend a little bit on how we think about COVID testing going forward.  So I kind of saw the $5 here as, okay, it's a 37% increase versus 2020, which grew 13%. And we've got probable upside to that, while at the same time, an opportunity to invest in the business, invest in SG&A, more specifically in R&D. We've got a leading COVID test portfolio here with a variety of different tests and capacity that we haven't dialed all in. Quite frankly, if I had put all that capacity in, I think maybe you would have a little bit of time believing that, but it's there.  And I think we've got an exciting base business like you'd mentioned here that is poised for recovery. I mean we've got great portfolios, real strong brands, rich pipelines, strong leadership position. So I think the $5 here was definitely a good starting point, factoring all those elements in here, and we'll be able to kind of build from there as the year progresses. 
Robert Ford: Sure. It's a little premature to just skip across all the way to 2022. But we have -- but listen, when -- we didn't do 2021 in isolation. So yes, we looked at 2022 and looked at all those different scenarios that I talked about. So I can probably give you some general comments over here. I mean I think we're forecasting a lot of growth this year, and we're going to be looking to build on it.  Prior to the pandemic, The Street consensus for 2023 EPS was just under $5. So we're targeting that EPS, this level this year. So in essence, we've pulled forward at least 2 full years of EPS growth. And our mindset here, Bob, is going to be that we're going to maintain that pull-forward indefinitely. We always start our process with a double-digit target every year. That's been our identity. And I have no intention of changing that identity.  Of course, there's a couple of factors here that we need to contemplate. But even looking at those factors, we feel good that we've got the different elements here to be able to deliver on that double digit. One of those is obviously COVID and COVID testing. And even if COVID testing starts to mature a little bit in 2022, we believe there's a significant portion that's still very sustainable.  Can we predict it perfectly today? No, I can't, not to the level that you're accustomed to get from us. But I also think that the ability to do testing in a decentralized manner, people talk a lot about how the pandemic has accelerated digital transformation in businesses, accelerated transformation in the business models. The pandemic has accelerated our decentralized testing strategy. And I think the -- I think I talked about this in the last call. I think a lot of the testing channels that we're building here that have emerged, I don't see them going away.  On top of that, we -- as I said, we've got investment and investment spending into SG&A, but more specifically into R&D. We believe R&D is the more sustainable spend. It's the spend that allows us to sustain our top line growth rate. So I would expect that these investments that we've made in Q4 and definitely into 2021 that, that will have an impact on our base business growth rate. We've always talked about our base business being sustainable at [ 7 to 8 ], and I would expect these investments to be able to accelerate on that.  And I guess the third part to that question of yours about confidence on delivering double digits in 2022 is we've got a great balance sheet, and we've got strong financial health and a lot of strategic flexibility there. So I lay all of these elements out here: sustained COVID testing, the investment in the business and the strong balance sheet, just gives me confidence that even with all these different models here that we'll be able to kind of continue to deliver that identity of double-digit growth. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So let me talk about kind of numbers and ranges here then, and then I'll spend time talking a little bit about sustainability of the testing. As I said, I don't see the demand just kind of dropping off even with the vaccine rollout. We achieved $2.4 billion in Q4. So if you annualize that, it'll go -- it will annualize for around $10 billion. So I can expect probably Q1 is going to be at that range of about $2.5 billion or so.  And if you'd say, "Okay. What does the full year range look like?" I probably can't go beyond Q1 in terms of exactly how it's going to look like, but you can be in that $6.5 billion to $7 billion range, I would think. But we've got, as I said, plenty of capacity to go above that. So that's probably what's incorporated here, Matt, in the $5.  But I think the big point here is the sustainability of this. And to your question there, I think a good portion is sustainable. I think a substantial portion is sustainable, which is why we were a first mover and a leader here. We started with our lab-based systems. Those were the probably the obvious part in the strategy. Since we knew we had a lot of capital equipment out in the labs, we started with that strategy to take advantage of the systems out there. And you saw that rollout happen.  But we also knew that in a pandemic, you were going to need to add on top of that testing infrastructure. You're going to have to add faster testing, and testing that could be done at a much significant scale and that was more affordable, which is why we developed those 2 lateral flow tests. There's been a lot of visibility to BinaxNOW here in the U.S.  We haven't talked a lot about Panbio. But Panbio uses the same technology, the same kind of antibodies. And we've got a whole supply chain that's been built outside of the United States that supplies all of the markets that we're supporting with Panbio. So both those products, they've been the bulk of our sales. We saw that in Q4. There's a lot of capacity that we've built around them, and that would continue to build around them.  And the clinical utility of them is really strong. I mean they've been -- a lot of studies are showing their reliability here at finding people that are infectious. And I think that's a key distinction here, is your ability to use these tests in a way for being able to find those people that are infectious and not necessarily those that were infectious and that might have some remnants of DNA of the virus in their system. So I think it's sustainable.  And I think you need to take 2 kind of views here on that, at least this is how we're looking at it. First of all, we need to think globally about this. Sometimes, we get very focused on the U.S. and what's going on in here in the U.S., but you've got 8 billion-plus people around the world. And you've got a variety of different countries that are experiencing different cycles in the disease, different cycles in their vaccination strategies. So once you really take a bigger view here, this is not going to be something that will just be done in the next couple of quarters here, if you take a real global perspective.  And the second thing that I think is just reframing the testing. I think we think about the sustainability of testing when we think about Q2 and Q3 of last year. Long lines, not enough volume, long turnaround times, $150, $200 tests. That might be not sustainable -- not as sustainable. But if you position yourself into a 2021, 2022 world where you now have fast, easier, much more scalable test, digital tests that are priced for more accessibility and affordability, I think that's the sustained kind of business here that we see.  So when you think about that maturing of the COVID testing market, we kind of see PCR kind of maturing first, and then we see the rapid part of the business being sustained. And listen, we've built a lot of capacity, as I said. It's probably $12 million, $13 million, $14 billion of capacity that we built in there. We haven't put it all in, but it's there.  And then the other part that I talked about was just the sustainability of it past '22 and into 2023 as we've accelerated our point-of-care testing strategy. And everything we're doing in fighting the virus has not only a direct impact of helping reopen the economy, et cetera, but it's also seeding the market. And it's building these new testing channels. We've got testing going on at airports, hotels, urgent care, retail, universities, et cetera. So we believe that's pretty sustainable, too. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So from a technology perspective, it's the -- it's using the same kind of lateral flow technology that Binax has. It's just in a different format, in a cassette format. We've got capacity to do over 50 million tests per month. And we've used our infectious disease emerging market organization. So the manufacturing, the regulatory, the R&D, and more importantly, the commercial infrastructure to be able to look across the world and support governments, workplaces, et cetera, on rolling out antigen testing internationally. So I think it's done very well.  We've been able to kind of leverage some of the kind of joint development of Binax and Panbio. But the demand that we're seeing internationally, I would characterize also as probably just starting. It hasn't even peaked either. So I think we've got a lot of opportunity with Panbio internationally, too. And I think the teams have done a really good job there. 
Robert Ford: Sure. On the M&A side, listen, we're always looking. As I've always said, we're always looking. We're always studying. So while we'll not be announcing or doing something, we're still studying, we're still looking.  As I said in the previous question, though, David, I mean we've got a lot of organic opportunities to invest in. And I like those organic opportunities. So they obviously do get a lot of our attention right now.  But if you think about M&A, yes, it's got to be a good fit strategically, and it's got to align with our growth orientation here. I mean I'm not going to look at something that's going to dilute our top line growth rate, and obviously, is able to generate a return for our shareholders. So there's a lot of activity. There's a lot of, I'd say, high valuations right now so.  But to the extent that we do something this year, it would be more like tuck-in in nature to be able to kind of augment some of these portfolios. So that's probably the better way to put it to you. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Sure. So Libre gets pushed down to like fourth or fifth question. But it's still top of our priorities here because it's such a huge opportunity for us. We had a real strong quarter in Q4. We exited with a lot of momentum going into this year, especially in the U.S. I think global sales were $0.75 billion, up 35%.  And I expect the absolute dollar amount to get bigger. And usually when that happens, we think, well, gee, law of big numbers, right, the percentages are going to go down. And I don't think so. I think that we're going to see continuing growth rate expansion on our Libre business here. So I kind of look at Libre as a 2021 growth that should start at 40% and go from there.  A lot of focus on the U.S. on the rollout -- on Libre 2 rollout. We're seeing a lot of the trend shifts, whether it's revenue, whether it's new users. I think the superior accuracy messaging here is definitely coming through, and it's got all the other advantages of our value proposition.  I think one of the good things about the pharmacy channel is that there's a lot of available data. There's a lot of available third-party audited data. And when I do the reviews with the team, we spend a lot of time looking at them. And it tells me you can't hide behind these -- you can't hide when we're in the pharmacy, like all this data is available.  And I think it's done really well in the U.S. Obviously, I want it to do better, but I can't look at it and not be objective that there's obviously been a trend shift here, whether it's NBRxs, TRxs, refill rates, et cetera. One of them that I'm extremely happy to see is the Rx fulfillment rate. So when a consumer goes to the pharmacy with a prescription, swipes the card, do they get that prescription filled, right? And there's factors that drive somebody to not get it filled. It's usually a copay.  And what we've seen with the Libre Rx fulfillment rate is that about 9 out of 10 get filled. And you compare that to our competitor at about 6 out of 10, I think the value proposition here is really strong, meaning that we can invest in DTC advertising. We can invest more in this platform. And we're seeing the value proposition come through as it relates to Rx fulfillment rates.  So I'd say the focus on U.S. is., now to your question on L3, we're already here. We've been working through, say, the reimbursement contracting process. It probably got delayed a little bit in Q4 in terms of our expectations, given some of the focus of a lot of the international countries focusing on COVID. But we're all ready. Manufacturing is ready. In fact, between Libre 2 and Libre 3, we've got hundreds of millions of sensors here of capacity. And I think that ties a little bit to the expectation that we have for this segment, which is you've got close to 80 million people that could benefit from this target, which is why we took a very different approach in our strategy, a much mass-market approach that develop a product that's consumer-friendly, intuitive, make sure that it can provide measurable benefits and price it for mass adoption. And that's working out very well.  So we should see a Libre 3 launch international in Q1. And then in the U.S., we'll issue a release when we get approval. 
Robert Ford: Yes, sure. So on the device side, as I said in the earlier comments here, Larry, I think we're going to -- we're looking at what we saw in Q3 and correlating those -- that drop in rates. Not an absolute drop, so not trying to mirror the absolute number of hospitalizations, but at least the rate of decline of hospitalizations and tying it into the increase in the procedures. A lot of these procedures are lifesaving. Some of them are electives, some of them are lifesaving. And we're hearing a lot of our accounts in the U.S. and international are really wanting to kind of push stronger and a sense here that with a vaccine, they feel more confident to be able to build it.  So I think you'll see probably the biggest comp issue, I'd say, is probably Q2. I mean I think that's when we saw the big drop. Q1 was probably more towards the end of the quarter, the last 2 weeks of March. So I kind of see the more normalization growth rates. So that -- those kind of growth rates that you saw from our device business, excluding diabetes, to look more like that in -- starting in Q3. But we'll have a nice build, I think, to there as the year progresses. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So on EPD, yes, we did see a nice recovery. I mean when we looked at how the impact of COVID progressed geographically, we saw it, for some reason, kind of trail a little bit kind of the developed markets, whether it was Europe and the U.S. We really started to feel the impact on our EPD business, which is, as you know, mostly emerging markets, started to see it coming out of Q2 and then big in Q3 as a lot of those countries kind of shut down. And the way the model works is you still need a prescription and you need your physician or you need to go to your hospital to get that prescription.  So when we looked at Q4, we're actually not surprised, but it was good to see that it came in a little bit higher than what we had expected because we were trying to model it very similar to what we saw in some of the other businesses. And it came back faster.  At the same time, there's -- it's not a nice kind of linear forecast in these markets. And there's -- it does tend to bounce up around. I mean, we had a 9%, 10% growth in Q1. There was some stocking effect there in kind of February and March in some of the markets, so we'll have a comp over there. But what I -- what we look at is we're looking at the IMS demand market progression in all these markets that we're competing in.  And we're seeing a nice recovery. So I expect that just to sequentially kind of get better, and I guess similar to the comment on devices, get back to that high single-digit growth rate towards second half.  Oh, and then you also had a question on change of care. I mean I think a lot has happened, right? And we've tried to focus on the areas that we feel that we can contribute and benefit. One of them I've talked about is this decentralization of testing and how the pandemic has accelerated that decentralization for us. We believed in it. We believe that we could drive it and create a whole new testing channel when we did the Alere acquisition. And this has kind of brought it forward about -- probably about 2 years in terms of where we are today versus where we thought we're going to be.  So that's an important part for us. Being able to have access to fast, affordable and digitally connected testing is something that I think is going to be here and here to stay. Whether it's a COVID test or other tests, I think that is a change a little bit in the delivery, at least on the diagnostic side.  And then the other side that I'd say is one that we've been working on for quite some bit is the connectivity of our devices and the intersection of digital and health care and how those devices are being connected. You've seen what we've done across all of our portfolio on devices, and we'll continue to position our products in such a way where we can develop them and take advantage of that.  For Neuromodulation, we've just announced here a very interesting platform, which I think is going to have a significant impact on how that business and business model works with a much more connected care platform, where patients get to report their outcomes and eventually get to remote programming, which is a huge change in that business model.  So I'd say the COVID testing, accelerating decentralization of testing and connected care are probably the 2 pandemic-driven changes that we're focusing on taking advantage of. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I guess on the modeling thing, listen, you could say there could be a drop-off, but you could say there could be an increase or it could stay. So I think the modeling piece here is a little bit difficult. I think we're going to have a lot more understanding as we get towards the summer. But I think, at least for the first half, you've got -- we've got sufficient capacity here to kind of explore the demand that exists both in the U.S. and globally.  So yes, I'm not sure right now that you can kind of easily kind of just put that model down like that, but it's just too soon.  Regarding your question on mutations and the impact there, a lot of the mutations here -- I don't want to get too wonky here. But we've been looking at this, Vijay, since the beginning. We have a group of, we call them the virus hunters. They're constantly looking and studying and getting their hands on samples to be able to kind of, not only test our existing products but even to develop new ones. And I'd say, right now, the mutations are happening. The ones that you've referenced, the South African one and the U.K. one, those are happening on what we would call the spike protein or what we call the S protein. The rapid antigen test that we have are actually targeting the nucleocapsid protein, what we call the N protein.  So in silico analysis says no impact. The U.K. NIH kind of did a study on Panbio and found the U.K. variant to not influence the sensitivity of the Panbio, but we're also collecting as many samples as we can from U.K., South Africa, Brazil, et cetera, and making sure that we're constantly studying that to ensure that there's no change to the sensitivity of the test that we've developed.  On the molecular side, whether it's ID NOW -- ID NOW looks at a different gene, the RPDP genes. It's completely different thing, and similar thing also with the PCR. So I think those are, right now, from everything we know, wouldn't be impacted by the mutations. We're more focused on the antigen with the mutations on those protein sequences. So I feel good about that right now. But obviously, we're constantly vigilant here.  So let me just close here. I'd say we had a real strong 2020, very strong performance, almost 10% top line growth, 13% EPS. We're forecasting 2021 here at least $5. And like I said, I think we've got opportunity to have upside to that. But still already at $5, it's already at a 37% increase. And in that $5, we're also making a lot of investments in R&D to be able to sustain our growth going forward. So we feel confident about maintaining our double digit in 2022. Significant portion of our COVID testing, we believe, is sustainable. We've made investments or have a plan here to lay out investments in our base business that I think will accelerate our growth rate. And in some of the questions here, we've got a strong balance sheet here. So you combine those 3 elements here, I think we've got not only a strong '21 forecast but a pretty good line of sight here in terms of delivering double digits for 2022. So thanks. 
