Miles White: Thanks for the question Kristen. I would say we want to grow and we want to get bigger. And I think there is, obviously two dimensions there. One is organic and organic can be expansion of products or expansion of geography and then there is I think our footprint could benefit from being a lot bigger in a number of our businesses or even as a corporation in the diverse mix of businesses we have. So that would imply some M&A activity et cetera, and nobody would be surprised to hear that out of me, I don’t think. So I think both dimensions are important to us and we are putting a fair amount of attention on both. The notion is I think we have got the right core. It is a very solid core of businesses that are performing well or they are in markets that we know will continue to be healthy and drive good growth and have great opportunity for us. I think we have got the core of the company well positioned today for the attractiveness of both product markets and geographic markets that we think there is a lot of opportunity for investors for. But beyond that I think we can do more and I think we can do a lot more and particularly if we’re bigger in a number of these spaces. So my intention is to get bigger. I think strategically that is how I’m thinking about it. And to your comments about resources and timing and so forth as I have said in the past they don’t feel particularly capital constrained or resource constrained and yet I don’t feel like they have to rush out urgently either. I think we can afford to be thoughtful and prudent but at the same time that doesn’t mean sit on our hands. So I think the deal market or the M&A market out there – I would love to say we all go out there with a plan, we have the following priorities, we have the following targets et cetera. Those plans are always dead on arrival, the market tells you either who is willing to talk to you, who is willing to engage, what valuations maybe, what the circumstances in any given geography or industry may be, those things always tend to determine the timing of opportunity and I think what we have been good at is being ready even opportunity aligns, and when peoples’ willingness to engage aligns and so forth. And I can’t always predict the timing of that. But I can tell you if you are not ready when the things line up then you are not able to take advantage of it. So, we are obviously I think always tracking, always studying, and we have always got an idea of what our priorities would be. The market will tell us what order we get to address and to some degree, but you are right. We are sitting in a very, very good position I think right now in terms of our readiness, our ability to have resources et cetera, to invest, the condition of our underlying business. We have given a fair amount of attention to our cost structure, to our supply chain structure, to our back office structure, our G&A, all those sorts of things over the last couple of years really to ready ourselves for bigger business and greater expansion, particularly geographically, and I would say that has all fallen very nicely into place. You can see it in the results, you can see it in the gross margin, you can see it in the G&A line, you can see it in the efficiency of the business, you can see it in the growth rates of some of the businesses and so forth. I think I feel pretty good about the foundation and that is the kind of foundation you want to add to. You don’t want to add to a weak one with a lot of problems or a lot of things you are trying to fix and you want to add to a strong one. So I think we are in a really good position right now. We feel good about it.
Miles White: Well, I wouldn’t say – I wouldn’t say to an extreme degree. I think, the word I have used a lot in the past is balance. I think historically, particularly in developed markets a lot of our businesses were reliant on government reimbursement or single payer systems and so forth, and we wanted a different balance of that, where there was consumer choice, consumer preference, consumer pay et cetera. The very nature of the mix of our business is now is much more like that, not just because of the businesses, but because of geographies and the structures in those markets. So I would say we have and, for example, in our pharmaceutical business, branded generic pharmaceutical business overseas, those are very much consumer pay markets. The economic structure of those markets is a little different. They are more attractive to us. We have targeted those countries with that structure in particular as opportunity. So I would say to the degree that opportunity exists for us, yeah, it is very attractive. But I would not rule out, Europe, the US or traditional markets as opportunities for us for some of our businesses. I just want a different or a more balanced structure, so we are not over-reliant on heavy concentration in given geographies where there is an awful lot of decision control at a central point. And then a lot of European countries are like that. It is one of the reasons Europe hasn’t been as high a priority for us as emerging markets, but I wouldn’t run all the way to one side of the boat either.
Miles White: Mike, I would add to that the analysts and investors who cover us have all paid a lot more attention in last couple of years to currency than have had to in years past and probably because multinationals have expanded so much in a lot more countries; I mean we all used to be so euro focused and yen focused and lot of companies still are, but because so much of the growth for many of us is Asia, Latin America, other emerging markets we pay a lot more attention to a lot more currencies and I think that’s made it harder to forecast and predict particularly the mix and the shifts and so forth although, when it all goes in one direction like it did the last couple of quarters that’s pretty easy. But for us, at least in terms of the currency piece I think all of us were caught off guard somewhat by the magnitude of the currency shift in the fourth quarter of last year, although maybe we shouldn’t have been, but we were. And in our case as I pointed out in the past we’re less vulnerable to the euro, very much less vulnerable to the euro than a lot of companies might be just because of the mix of our business and where we produce and offset the exchange, but then that means we got a bigger basket of currencies to look at, look at those currencies and I say okay, well the ruble improved on us in the first quarter, thank God, and quite substantially while the Brazilian real did not and went the other way. China is very stable, India is pretty stable for us right now. So, the big currencies that you would normally think would affect us or could affect us and knock on wood and I look at, I think okay this should all be pretty stable for the year barring events I can’t predict in the external world. With regard to guidance which you asked about and I’m circling back to, I just think it’s early in the year to do any change in the guidance, I’m kind of a Murphy’s Law believer that the minute we make any kind of confident move something is going to go wrong with currency or something, I don’t know. I just think it’s a little early in the first quarter; I’ve to say to echo Tom, the underlying performance of the company is real good and to the extent that this momentum continues and there is no change to earnings assumption - or to currency assumptions and so forth, you’re going to be pressuring us on this point again in the quarter here. And that’s all good, but I think I just like to see more cards played before we move in that direction. I look back over our last 7 or 8 years to see how many times we had adjusted guidance in the first quarter and I think we just gave it to you a couple of months ago so to change it two months later does that make sense. I think when we change guidance a couple of times in the first quarter in the last 8 years and I’m not even sure why I did it then, because I think in general I had to see half the year played before I’ve got a good feel for how things are going to lay out because generally the second half of the year is different than the first half of the year for all of us and it’s usually around the currency or some catastrophic event and world events and I would just like to see another quarter played and then if we’re cranking along like we seem to be then you’re going to be pressuring us and I’m going to be nodding and say you told me so you were right.
Miles White: Let me go in reverse order, do I think I can put the cash in the balance sheet to work? Yes. The timing of when I can put at the work is kind of the question which I sort of addressed to Kristen a little bit ago. I can’t predict timing very well Mike, I can predict in ten and my intent is that I’ll put it at the work. I think we’ve always found the good balance here, we are pretty stable, reliable, predictable in terms of dividend and payout and so forth and we have been pretty solid about balance of share buyback and capital deployment but we have also been pretty good about deploying the higher return investments and so forth and I think our deal records speak for itself. So, I would say yes, the intent there, the timing is little harder to predict but I’m not [indiscernible]. Now having addressed that GMI, am I stuck with only opportunities overseas because of the structure of tax system in the world. No, I don’t think so, I’m not ruling out the U.S., I am not ruling on that at all and I think, let’s just say we’ve got great tax guides and great management of our cash flows and access to cash if we’ve through and I think we’ve got good borrowing capacity if we want to so forth. I think I’ve got enough flexibility that I don't have to stay in an external world. I think there is a lot of reasons that overseas – say economically more attractive. We all know what those are, but I think those are all sort of financial packs cash related at the same time I think there is opportunities that are attractive to us strategically for our business that aren't overseas and I don't think I can rule those out. So I don't feel constrained to being overseas. I don't feel like our ability to finance what we may be interested in, its constrained that way so while I am always looking in other geographies of the world for opportunities to expand our footprint, I would tell you I have not failed to fish in my own dock here in the U.S. and look at opportunities in the U.S.
Miles White: I am not looking at it. Let me put it that way. The – I may not evenly think that Washington will come to its senses eventually here and make adjustments to the tax code to mix U.S. based multinationals more competitive globally with all the companies that we compete with. I mean there is a lot of script written about this and my position on its been clear. This tax code disadvantage U.S. companies and put the sale sign on them for European and other companies to buy us and arbitrage tax rates and I strenuously object to the philosophy of the U.S. government on that line because I think in no way enhances job global creation or business creation or economic recovery in the United States when you advantage everybody else to buy our companies. So I hope at some point that both parties in Washington will address that and I think so. Again, one of the log, I think the minute we did something in around in version or otherwise that Congress surely would change the tax code and I wonder why bothered so I am not – and I am not even sure I am not tax technician to tell you whether there is a path to do that anymore. I think right now the way things have been structured in a way the treasury addressed it and affecting the trend for some companies looking in version I think it’s clearly advantage that different M&A environment for non-U.S. companies for the U.S. companies I think that's absolutely clear and you would have to be blind not to see it. So I don't – it’s not on my radar screen Mike. I am looking at things more strategically and more traditionally meaning I look at the strategic fits of the business or what we can do with it and what we can expand it and so forth and I look at whether those economics working, I am not trying to subsidize our M&A analysis with tax arbitrage. Now, I think lot of other companies [ex-U.S.] are definitely subsidizing their analysis with tax arbitrage because they can but we are not and that said I don't – I am not seeing the expectations of tax inversion premium in value. I think values are high. I kind of always think they are high. I think they are high around the world for a lot of reasons, a lot of deals are getting done at expensive prices and expensive multiples they are not because of inversion or tax they are just expensive and that's driven expectations in a lot of places up, but I always think it’s expensive out there and my job is to make the best deal I can for the company, but it’s pretty hard to get a real deal in some cases unless you have got a plan for what you are going to do with the business and how it’s going to operate in your hand. So I guess to summarize all that there is – the short answer is I am not focused on inversion for the benefit of tax. Doing those things is temporarily pre-disruptive to a company and if there is a long term belief that you need to do that and some companies have done then it must fit them strategically. In our case I don't know that we need to do that and I would rather hope here that our government will fix the tax code in the next couple of years and if they do I think it’s going to dramatically enhance the competitiveness of companies like us. It’s commercial for me but that's kind of the deal.
Miles White: Okay. Let me start with the vascular side. I think what we have seen occur here over the last few years in the core strength business in particular because everything kind of revolves around the strength business, is a certain amount of stability out in the marketplace, there is always price pressure. There still is. The major competitors in the market are pretty competitive and physicians that use our product they use all of us. And they kind of balance it. So I think what you have seen is the value of incremental innovation has diminished and the market has kind of stabilized, one might even suggest that’s commoditizing to a degree but it’s kind of stabilizing, so I would say there is kind of drum beat to price pressure as governments are payers or hospitals or whatever the case maybe are trying to manage their own budgets and in some ways I think it just forces [indiscernible] a lot more innovative about where our next frontiers are etcetera. And I think that in the medical device business there is a lot of opportunities for innovation and rather than look at much broader footprint of very matured products we are putting our focus on a lot of innovation at eventual levels and a smaller level where there is a lot of opportunities for growth expansion and continued improvement to health care. I am not prepared to talk a lot about that today, but I would tell you that's where I am headed with that to grow and expand that device business perhaps a little differently then what people might expect. But I like the core of what we have. I think we are going to have to manage it a little differently going forward but I think the expansion for a lot of other related areas is there. On medical optics it’s kind of two stories here, am I pleased with our performance, sometimes. We had three or four very strong quarters in a row and then the business kind of hit a wall, there is several explanations for that part of its us, part of it is our own competitiveness or responsiveness, part of its one of our main competitors kind of waking up again and responding to the share that we had taken in the cataract business. I would sort of attribute that to just the ebb and flow of competition and which is good. There is also some structural things going on there in the optics business. We are seeing some customer consolidation in the Lasik market. We are seeing lower utilization in the Lasik market. We have been seeing that for a number of years now. Cataract business for me is strong. We have got a great drumbeat here of innovation coming steadily, our R&D groups have done a fabulous job I think over the last several years and they continue to just constant product innovation and launch. So, I think there are some tactical things we got to do a lot better. I like this business it’s one I want to expand in if you got these you got to adjust internally it makes it little harder to expand, you like to add to a strong and well operating core. So, we know we’ve got some improvement to do in our performance and I would say optics means on my radar screen is one to expand because there is lot of opportunity there.
Miles White: I’m breathless to your expectations, look I would tell you I’ve an ambition to put a big business. I’m not sure I’ll put it two or three in front of the billion here and I would like to get to few hundred million and kind of get some critical math and momentum. I do have an ambition for it to be a very substantial business, kind of along the line directionally headed. I’m just cautious about getting ahead of myself here on that, I’ve got a couple of businesses here at Abbott, but I’ve had those same ambitions for 10 years and there is still around half a billion dollar. So, I don’t want to perpetually be a visionary because it never comes true. I would like for it actually to happen and so in this case I would say, I believe that opportunity is there, I believe that potential is there. We got to establish the category, we got to establish the use, we got to establish the brand and I think what we’ve seen in the past is that every country we’ve done that in, it’s been pretty substantial, we create the category, we’re the category, we got to do that in China, there is an adult category in China. It’s a little different than what ensure or does, but there has been some regulatory change there that’s been favorable to us and log us to establish this category at a more rapid pace. And I think it’s attractive and I think there is a big upside here. So, you and I would at least be conceptually online, I’m just afraid to put that specificity around size because I don’t know how long it might take. And you could be right and wherever we’re when you’re right, I want you send me a note to let me know you were right because I’ll be very happy if we are. But, I think there is a lot of opportunity to get big like that.
Miles White: I think you’re going to be right, as I said, we get to a few hundred millions first, we will start and have a temporary celebration and keep moving on, I mean, this is kind of like having a kid and literally and you want him to be a cheater. Let’s just take one step at a time here.
Miles White: I don’t like that characterization so much, I mean, when I look at the study annual progress of really a complex multitude of initiatives nearly from top to bottom line across all these businesses, I think it’s just exactly the way to go about it and – but, to answer your question directly I definitely see more margin expansion opportunity across a number of these businesses and that’s part of our expectation as we move forward. And I think you’re already seeing it in the first quarter here and we’ve objectives in 2015 for that 100 basis points plus and there is no reason to stop there. I think each of these businesses in moving forward and it’s a huge priority for the management team here as we look at the business.
Miles White: I just love the voracious and patience of the investment community. We didn't even finish this deal till February that was two months ago and I know you can say why you could have been thinking about it all ahead of time. Yes, I know but you know until it’s done it’s not done and now it’s done, right. I would also say I don't feel constrained at all by the form of our capital whether it’s in Mylan stock or cash or anything else. The fact is it has no bearing on what we can or can't do from a strategic standpoint because if for whatever reason our capital is tied up in Mylan I would just probably borrow to or unlock it. So I don't feel like I have got any constraint at all. And I am happy to have been patience. When this deal was done you’ll recall the original value put on the sale of the EPD business was 5.3 billion and as I am watching the great theater out there that is surrounding Mylan and the team I’ve respect for the value of our position has risen because investors have valued Mylan stock so you say that's lucky and I think good luck any day, but I am happy that we have been patience because it’s clearly accruing value to us as an owner and investor of Mylan stock, I think [indiscernible] has got to an aggressive team there, he’s got aggressive plans obviously other people have aggressive interest in them and all of that has been in our favorable interest financially and it’s not inconsequential that was $5 billion value, $7 billion now and that's just more optionality for me and I am happy about that so I don't feel like I have to be in a real big hurry to do anything to resolve that stemming and one of the reasons that we only sold a third of the stock is because that's all we wanted to sell. We didn't want to sell any more than that nor would we have and I would like where our – where we are with it I think it’s been prudent to hold it, its proven to be a great value gainer for us and it’s not a constraint so there is no hurry on Mylan other than we don't intend to be long term holders but that doesn't need to be hurry if I put it into the cash I can tell you right now I can't earn this much on that because I am earning leaving it in Mylan, so until I need to sell it I think it’s in the nice place.
Miles White: Well, the EPD business has been pretty transparent to all of you to watch, what we done overtime I mean there was several things going on. One we came to conclusion that we wanted to focus on emerging market not develop markets and that part clearly with strategically better fit within Mylan in a much larger business focused in those developed markets and so we did that. Now you will note we also acquired wonderful company CFR Pharmaceuticals in Latin America which gave us a very strong position in Latin America and enhance the one we already had and we made a fairly significant move in Russia that got done during the core of the whole Ukraine issue which was a different hit, again [Murphy’s] laws if you believe it can go along -- everything kind of aligned badly and we still got that deal done unfortunately we did it Ruble so it didn't hurt us when the Ruble collapse. So that was really good strategically and I think that what we have got now in our EPD business which was done fairly transactionally as a complete redirection of that business refocus, re-emphasis where I think the biggest opportunities from our standpoint are for what we are focused on and interested in and so that's been good. That repositioning has been good. It’s been very intentional. It took us about 18 months to get it done frankly I think that was faster than we might have expected, the things aligned very well for us. And so, I look at the underlying growth rates of the countries that we are focused in EPD. They are strong. I look at our own performance, its improving, could it be better, sure it could. But right now it’s double-digit and above its market rates in its countries and I think that's all good. So I like the positioning of that and that's the core that I can add to. On the nutrition side, we have gone through quite a bit of change too. There has been some management change in the businesses. I like the management team. We have in place right now a lot in terms of its capabilities, it’s just getting its feet under it most of our leaders there have been in place for better part of six to nine months if there has been a change that's good. Some of that's organic some of it’s from outside. We have made some changes in how we are investing in the business and frankly how we are marketing all of that has been a strong improvement. I think the pediatric business is well positioned. We will see a fair amount of improvements in our marketing coming forward here, new product launches and other things that I am pretty excited about but I think will be good for that business. So, I have actually got a pretty strong comfortable feeling about the U.S. I think our adult nutrition business is weak or weak relative to what I would expect of it. It’s a strong business we are large in the category as you know and I think there is some things that we are working through there. We have got a good team there and it takes a while to see the results of the changes in marketing that we put in place and the changes in products and etcetera. so I think we just got to be I hate to say the word for you guys a little patient to wait for the results to show, but the actions that we have taken which were pretty deliberate are in place. I can remember years ago in Chicago did once that folks are saying all the pieces are in place we are going to super bowl on that and I don’t think we were in 500 that year I think the pieces are in place. The right management in place and I am pretty pleased with where we are with that business. You don't see it as much from your perspective because it wasn't so transactional like divesting or acquiring from the company’s word in EPD, but I think, I need the nutrition business is now well positioned. When I look at the international part of it, we withered a number of events whether its recalls or other things in that business and call out one example I would say the team in China has done a wonderful job regaining loss market, loss share loss position from that recall couple of years ago that business is going well. The pediatric business I am speaking of now and the share somewhere between 8.5% - 9% whatever the way we measure it and trending well, those rates are trending well are positioned in a number of other companies in other countries are improving well. So I like the underlying fundamentals of what I am seeing out of our nutrition business and I would like to say a couple of quarters of evidence of good momentum here and I think you will see it.
Miles White: It is not hard at all to find asset. That part is easy and it’s not hard to find really good assets. That part is easy and it’s not hard to find assets with good management, good fit, good products, good geographic location. That part actually easy and I think our people and our team and some of our contacts and stuff, I think we’ve a unique advantage there geographically and internationally on that particular dimension, I can think of one or other companies that historically I’ve thought. We’re thinking about it the same way because we keep bumping into them everywhere we go when we’re out hunting, fishing whatever you want to call at looking opportunities, we keep burning into the same one or two companies out there doing the same thing so I know that they think a little bit like we do. But I would tell you that part is easy, well hard part is getting beyond the recognition of it and getting to something where either somebody is interested in a transaction or it’s the value that doesn’t make [indiscernible] and that’s sometimes a challenge. A lot of the things that we would be interested in and some of the international markets are family sponsored, family owned or privately owned etcetera and sometimes it’s just more it’s just more complicated. It’s not easily transacted, it takes well what I call lot of relational time getting to know each other and getting to become familiar and comfortable to get somewhere with the deal. I would say that CFR transaction this is the fabulous company. It was a family company even though it was public. It had a 90 year history. It was emotional thing for them to sell the company and the company is super high quality, the management is high quality. I couldn't be more pleased and it’s a great home if you are habit for it. It’s a great performer that deal took a while to develop comfort and relations and so forth and that's how a lot of them are that's how lot of them are, [Indiscernible] was the same way and I think it just takes time so if you ask me do I think there is opportunities out there, there is a lot of opportunities but they’re not fast.
Tom Freyman: I’d say a lit bit of it is that certainly in that exchange gain loss line I talked about that should be considered to be a little extra in this quarter offset by some negatives over the last three quarters in the currency area. I’d say we’re although - it was a really good high quality quarter when we look at how the business has progressed both on the top line and particularly in the gross margin area and we’re just pleased with that progress at this early point of the year and I think it sets us up nicely to continue to build on that as we progress through 2015.
Tom Freyman: Let me add to that a couple of things that underlying one is, there is some cost side to get there – there is a lot of load hanging fruit early on that one can get okay that got that. There is other stuff it’s structural whether its supply chain related or plant related where the plant is, cost to labor, cost to inputs, cost to commodities, distribution all those sorts of things, right. The structural ones take longer and if I look at the nutrition businesses as an example where we’ve been added for four, five years, there wasn’t study drumbeat every year, but what we’re seeing the benefit of now is the bigger structural investments we had to make that took two or three years to realize even four years in some cases because of plant plan, occasion, supply chain etcetera. And we’re now starting to see the benefits of that. So sometimes you got to actually change process system etcetera to get at it. Second piece of it that affects the margins is price and we’re protecting price. This is a little bit two steps forward, one step back. Exchange keeps you racing some of the advantage of the top line and you see exchange advantages here on the bottom line to the extent that you can put pass in right places and that’s true. But for the last few years we’ve watched tremendous advantage gained in gross margin management, cost reduction, you raised by exchange and all multinationals are seeing that to some degree. So, we look at it and we say okay, we just got to have pretty aggressive targets here to improve these margins steadily. I got to treat exchange almost like a cost at this point each year or price reduction and so constantly we look at the balance of that exchange how we manage it and in effect treating it like an erosion of price because that contributes to margin so you have got multiple factors that work here and we have been very intentional about how we spread our business, spread our cost space, managed exchange, hedged exchange all of those sorts of things to protect that because honestly it hurts to gain it through cost and give it back through price erosion or exchange over year and we have affected mix the markets we choose, the products we choose and so forth, the mix and profitable segments versus some profitable segments, less profitable segments all that affects it. Some of it just takes time now to give you the bottom line answer to your question is there is still opportunity, yes there is. And it’s not just little. We keep plugging it away at pretty big chunks of opportunity here.
Tom Freyman: It’s just business mix continuing focus on cost reduction everyone focused on expanding and really it’s across the board is in the businesses. There is a probably a slight amount of this benefit that's coming through there as well but it really is – really operating focused.
