John Thomas: Thank you and good morning and thanks everyone for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President, Investor Relations. Tom will review the details of financial results for the quarter and the outlook for the year. I'll then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, Tom, Larry and I will take any questions that you may have. Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbot cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1-A, risk factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31st, 2009, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. In addition will include operational sales results today, which are given on a constant currency basis that is excluding foreign exchange. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tom.
John Thomas: And I'd add to that Mike that the penetration rates obviously remain fairly low across the globe, in particular they are low outside the US where we have only low single-digit overall penetration rates in dermatology, low double-digit type rates in gastroenterology and in the mid-teens in rheumatology.
John Thomas: And then of course as I mentioned in my remarks, the spirit four [ph] data being published in a major medical journal will also be a “catalyst” if you will looking for those things.
John Thomas: And I’d also keep in mind that we planned for a US lower pricing environment this year that was in our expectations and continues to be as we talk about these businesses and the growth rates.
John Thomas: You know, virtually every product has – in our release it's basically allocated by products. So every single product had some impact of the higher Medicaid rebates in the quarter. I'd say generally speaking the antivirals are a little bit more. Lipids are a little bit more. HUMIRA is probably a little bit less. So – and we even have some residual. As you know, Depakote, the neuroscience products tend to be a little, quite a bit higher Medicaid and while that did go generic last year and our sales were down to $300 million last year that is still you know, a baseline which we did give up some additional rebates for Depakote in the first quarter. So I think that characterizes, but I think one thing to keep in mind as you look at our sales growth numbers for the quarter, is virtually every product has some impact from these Medicaid rebates.
John Thomas: That's very hard to tell because the mechanics of how the doughnut hole is going to work, and which products you could actually have some relatively low-cost products once you're in the doughnut hole getting rebates. So it's a pretty tough thing to estimate at this point of time.
John Thomas: Yes, I don't think you're going to see much. I don't think you're going to see much operating leverage in ‘10 because you know, given the strong top line growth you're seeing there, it's being driven by continued SG&A investment and basically feet in the street in a number of these markets, and 2010 is another year where we’re doing that. I am hopeful we can see some op margin in 2011 as that stabilizes a little bit, but the reason nutrition has been fairly flat is because that's been a relatively higher SG&A investment business for us.
John Thomas: Okay. Thank you Larry. That concludes our conference call today. A replay of this call will be available after 11 AM Central Time today on our investor relations website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11 AM Central Time via telephone at 203-369-0548, confirmation code 138-1449. The audio replay will be available until 4 PM on Wednesday, May 5. Thank you all for joining us today, and please call us, call Larry if you have any questions. Thank you.
Tom Freyman: Yes, I mean, Mike this is Tom. The – obviously, the majority of this adjustment is basically in the revenue line. So there is a pretty heavy fall through. So I think using a ratable estimate would be appropriate. Obviously, you know, we've got a lot of things going our way in 2011. Certainly, this is going to be part of our mix as we plan for that. As always we target double-digit growth as we go into our planning cycle and as you know next year between improvements from Solvay and various other margin improvement initiatives, we've taken on over the last two years, I think there are lot of good things going our way to help mitigate what is a new cost of doing business.
Tom Freyman: Well, our international continues to be very strong as you've seen. I mean, we continue to be in the strong double-digit area and we are very much in line if not as you know, with our expectations for the quarter and I think with investor expectations, and we expect to see that rate of growth continue throughout the year. So we don't really see a slowdown in international. The product continues to be competing in markets that are less penetrated and they continue to gain share and our execution continues to be outstanding. As you know, the US market has been a slower growing market in the last couple of years just because it's more penetrated, but still very good growth and I think you've seen scrip rates you know, in the upper single to low double-digit range depending on the period you look at, and we would expect growth in that product continue pretty much in line with scripts.
Tom Freyman: Let me first comment on the ACCORD data. The FDA did indicate after the NIH presentation of ACCORD that they would take a look at that and are doing that. We've had no further discussions with them about a panel. Don't believe that a panel would be necessary, but obviously that's always the prerogative of the agency. As we mentioned before with regards to CERTRIAD, we are working with Astrazeneca to have a meeting set up with the agency and report on that. We still have a lot of confidence in that product as well as ACCORD. I would tell you that following ACCORD, there has been no change in position prescribing patterns or behavior. In fact, the overall script trends have been consistently strong and well above the market rate. Larry would you have anything to say.
Tom Freyman: Glen, this is Tom. I'd say at this point you know, obviously in the quarter we only had a very small portion of Solvay activity. Fundamentally we don't really have a different view on the sales performance of the underlying products, and I think when we put our plan together we had exchange rate assumptions that were not too different from even where we are right now with the dollar. I mean, obviously there is more to the world than just the euro, and certainly the euro has been a little weak, but a number of the other currencies have been stronger, and as I indicated in my remarks, our basic view on exchange impact on the top line for the company continues to be for the full year in that 1% to 2% range. So not a lot of change for our outlook on exchange, and I think we'll have a little more color on the Solvay product performance by the second quarter as we get more than you know, for example, the two weeks we had in this quarter in terms of performance and the numbers. So, no fundamental change there. Obviously, the question on spending, I mean, you know, with the Solvay acquisition, we are bringing a lot of their spending into our P&L. We've been very outspoken about the R&D that we are bringing in the $500 million, our ability to increase investments over time, reallocate those to high-priority opportunities, and you have seen some licensing over the last 3 or 4 months in pharma as we augment our pipeline, and certainly some of those programs which John talked about in his remarks will be partially funded by the increased opportunity we get from Solvay. So I don't think fundamentally Solvay’s impact on our 2010 results is much different than we thought about back in January, and I think what you're seeing with absorbing part of healthcare reform is basically better performance across our businesses so that the entire $0.11 impact is partially offset by better performance.
Tom Freyman: Obviously, we were very active in 2009 culminating in the closing of Solvay this quarter, and when you have that much activity, I think it is important for the most part to focus on integration, and I think perhaps and you know, be sure that the assets we’ve acquired are going to perform at the level we expected when we acquired them. That said as you know, you know, we are always looking at opportunities. I think your characterization is correct that if we were to do anything more it would tend to be augmentation of pharma pipeline, which I would characterize as tuck in and we also continue to be interested in emerging markets and geographic expansion complimentary to the product lines we have. So I think the way you’ve characterized, if there is more activity this year as more tuck in I think that is appropriate.
Tom Freyman: Yes, I think fundamentally at least in the quarter and I'm hopeful we do a little better during the year. We're just seeing a little bit better gross margin performance, a better product mix, a little more efficiency in our manufacturing operation. I'd say fundamentally that what we saw in the quarter, we are expecting a little bit more than the forecast and we'll see if we can do better as the year progresses.
Tom Freyman: While the forecasts I provided in my remarks were totally consistent with what I said back in January around 9.5% of sales in R&D and a little over 27%. As we talked about back at that time for SG&A, as we talked about back at that time our SG&A profile, we do believe will pick up this year because of the addition of Solvay. Solvay spends more per dollar sales than our average and so we do expect that to pick up, but as we’ve also said we are planning very few efficiencies during 2010 related to Solvay. It's going to take time for us to complete our integration plans and begin to execute, and we do expect that trend to reverse in 2011, and as I responded to the first question on the call, you know, part of our mix as we go into 2011 is the return to SG&A leverage and improving gross margin and I think you're going to see that trend go back the other way next year.
Tom Freyman: In general, as you recall from last year, we generally had relatively modest impact of economics even in our diagnostic division, which perhaps some companies had some economic impact but because we are not capital intense in that business and we tend to – the vast majority of our business is disposables. We really didn't see much change due to the economy there as well. I think we are seeing, I characterize it as just slightly more optimism for example in the LASIK area, but nothing that we would bank on as a significant recovery this year. As you recall in our guidance call in January, we were not counting on much economic recovery. So from our perspective we are just starting to see a little not significant to our forecast. We are hopeful as we move into 2011 that that will pick up on some of these businesses that are little more sensitive that the cycle will start performing better.
Tom Freyman: Rick again I, I mean, HUMIRA is growing just fine, and it's growing in line with our expectations, maybe a little better, but again when we put our plan together relative to currency forecast, perhaps we were a little more conservative than others. For the full year we're not seeing net across all the currencies much change from our initial expectations. So, hopefully, you know, it's kind of steady as you go as far as we are concerned. The product continues to perform extremely well, but I wouldn't characterize currency as being a big driver in this forecast.
Tom Freyman: Well, you know, as I mentioned in the call remarks, Rick, you know, we have – we are working with AZ to prepare this briefing package in response to the complete response letter. We'll share that with the FDA at the appropriate time and then request the meeting as would be the normal sequence of events in this. We still have a high degree of confidence in the product as does AZ. I don't think we have had any difference in our expectations for peak year sales. Obviously for modeling purposes, all the guidance we gave today, we're not assuming any sales this year, which wouldn't be the prudent thing to do, but we do have high expectations for the product going forward. We haven't given a peak year sales forecast per se, but given the data that we've seen the fact that they’re too strong products both involved in that product, you know, as you know any information that we’ve shared so far, we feel good about that and so that's where we go. We go forward from there.
Tom Freyman: That's correct. Again we expect as the Solvay integration gets into a true cost-reduction mode that we’ll be able to take cost out there without impacting investment in the business or the things that are going to drive longer-term growth and start seeing leverage again in SG&A, the way we thought in 2008-2009.
Tom Freyman: So, the diabetes care overall we are seeing you know, a nice steady performance as we talked about in my remarks. I think the main focus there as we’ve talked about in the past year recently is approaching that business more like we did the diagnostic business a couple of years ago and improving the profitability of that business, and focusing on the right patient mix and more profitable patient mix and we've been more disciplined about that and we are seeing the results of that. So, you know, the outlook is steady. You know, that market does see some impact from the economy and there has been some decline in price and volume as a result as people become more price conscious, but we're starting to see that improve slightly as we go forward here.
Tom Freyman: Sure Sara. As you know, in 2009 we moved the op margin for that business to around 20%. I mean that's gone from basically a loss position two years ago to a very nice profitable situation, And as always included in that 20% of amortization expense from the deal. So there would be cash out margins, if you think of it that way are actually higher. We have forecasted for 2010 a move into the mid-20s, the volume we are getting out of markets such as Japan and continued growth in Europe and improvements in share in the US are continuing to drive efficiencies in that operation and they continue to do an outstanding job from a manufacturing perspective and from an efficiency point of view as well. I think there is room to go further in that business as we go into 2011, and as I said earlier you know, part of our thinking on 2011 is when we look across these businesses whether it's SG&A leverage or manufacturing gross margin improvements, we see pretty much margin improvements across all of them and we think vascular will be one, which is going to be an important part of our planning as we go into 2011.
Tom Freyman: Well, it's pretty much across – you know, pretty much across the businesses. You know, we expect – we talked about diabetes a minute ago, we expect better op margins there from some efficiency programs. Diagnostics, you know, we've gone through this fairly significant you know, efficiency plan has taken a couple of years to implement. The savings of that really started kicking in 2011, and our nutrition business, we expect to see some improvements there as well. So it's pretty much across the board and you know, with the product mix in pharma improving, we'd hope to see a little bit there as well. So it's really across all the businesses there.
Tom Freyman: Yes, you know, the two big products there are Creon and Androgel, both doing very well. You know, we, because of the close of the deal, we weren’t in a position yet to break those out, but we might do that going forward. Creon has really done very well, gained significant market share over the last year, and then Androgel has been surprisingly strong as well. So we are going to talk about that more as we go through the next quarter.
Tom Freyman: You know, you've probably seen that you know, the partner on gabapentin ER discussed the recent filing of the US NDA for that product. So that's another piece from their pipeline that's moving forward.
Tom Freyman: Okay, well we haven't seen any incremental overall pricing pressure as you know, this market has always been competitive. There has been some price being taken by some of the other competitors, older technologies in certain select accounts. You know, we are pretty good sequentially year-over-year. As you probably know the overall pricing is down in the marketplace, which was expected, but you know, as we go through the year and as we’ve launched PRIME ex-US and now XIENCE in Japan, both of those are premium priced products into premium markets, where we are getting the premium for the technology and the kind of data results that we’ve shown with XIENCE. So, US declined as expected, but the volume obviously increasing significantly, and the bottom-line performance of the business increasing significantly, and then premium pricing outside the US.
Tom Freyman: We have. Yes, we are getting a premium price with PRIME in Europe as we move to supplement our product portfolio in those markets.
Tom Freyman: Yes, this is Tom. We’re getting a lot of leverage from the incremental sales in Japan, Asia the markets we’ve launched in this year. You know, relatively fixed expense phase and a more efficient manufacturing operation, very sensitive to volume increases. So the dynamics there continue to be very good as we continue to expand geographically with the products.
Tom Freyman: Yes, this is Tom. Certainly, for decades we've been dealing with government programs that the general trend is downward prices you know, very low single digits type over the years and doing very well in those environments. If you went into our 2010 planning cycle, you know, we were cognizant because of the economic downturn and the pressure on taxes [ph], but there potentially would be a little more pressure on European healthcare budget in particular, and we planned for that going into 2010, and you know, the news headlines have been there, and you referred to them in your question. Certainly we have seen a little more pressure. That's pretty much in line with our expectations and our forecast that we provided today, you know, the updated guidance et cetera, take into account what is happening in Europe with some of those budget issues.
Tom Freyman: No, I mean, our forecasts and expectations, our baseline assumes no significant M&A activity. I know we've been pretty active over the last two years and I think the assets we brought in portfolio have been truly outstanding, and it really accelerated the baseline, but our expectation going forward is to deliver the types of growth people expect largely from organic sources, and then if we can opportunistically find things to add, to bring a little more accelerated growth. You know, we will consider that from time to time, but we're not counting on M&A to deliver the growth we are expecting.
Tom Freyman: Well, you know, I think there tends to be when people are looking at our overall top line, you know, it tends to be a little more focused on pharma when they are doing that math in their head, and obviously pharma is important for us, but we've got 40%, 45% of the business that is non-pharma that is totally different from a portfolio perspective, from a growth rate perspective, from a durability perspective, and you know, it's not just the product mix that people have to consider, but it's also the geographic mix which you know, we are becoming more and more an international company. John talked extensively in his remarks about the various emerging markets’ initiatives across the businesses, and for us you know, that's not only pharma but it is nutrition, diagnostics, vascular, and all of these markets where, you know, there is a tremendous amount of geographic growth potential in the mix for Abbott, and when we put that all together, I think we have to have a baseline revenue growth in the upper single digits to achieve what we expect to do from an earnings perspective, and I think that's very achievable when you look broadly across the portfolio, when you look at some of the, you know, our pipeline starting to progress and products coming out in three, four years and, you know, the growth potential of the product in the mix already being very strong over the next three-four years and so we bring stronger pharma growth to the mix. So there is a lot going on here, emerging markets, geographic, it’s key, and I think those revenue forecasts are achievable.
Tom Freyman: Yes, I mean, this is Tom Again. I mean, tremendous quarter again this year, this quarter, 37% HUMIRA growth in the quarter, 30% excluding [ph]. Very strong quarter and obviously it's going to be another great year for HUMIRA, but as you indicate there they’re tough to grow at that rates forever, but we do see very strong double-digit growth for many years to come, and declining somewhat year-over-year, but still very strong, and it's just going to become a little bit less important element of our growth over the years as these other businesses and geographic expansions, et cetera, contribute more and more going forward.
Tom Freyman: This is Tom. I think I can't identify anything specific to your question. I mean, I think it is a bit of a lot of large numbers. I mean, it's a very significant product for us outside the US, but – and certainly I think there is a little economic impact in there and some of the price discussions we had before. Certainly some of that rolls through the growth potential as these European budgets tighten down a little bit this year. That's probably the one thing that's a little different than last year, again which we planned for and have reflected in our forecast. But I think it's really just the fact that the businesses has gotten large, and I still think 27% of the very strong rates and we expect strong double digits continue in this international market.
Tom Freyman: Sure Catherine. I think you have captured really a good point in terms of our gross margin forecast for the year. As I indicated in my remarks, when we did guidance the outlook for healthcare reform legislation was very unclear, and we did not incorporate that into our gross margin forecast. Despite that in the quarter, and the fact that we did have $60 million sales effect of healthcare reform, they outperformed our forecast in the quarter. And for the full year, we pretty much held it steady despite the fact that you know we are getting around $230 million sales impact for the full year. And so that indicate underlying across the business better performance than our baseline expectation at the beginning of the year. So I think you captured a good point, and I think it shows, once we get through this phase of transition in healthcare reform, the trends in our business continue to be good. And I have talked often about a number of these during the call this morning. We talked extensively about vascular with the volume impacts being very beneficial to their gross margins. When you strip away healthcare reform, between Solvay coming in which is positive to our margin and the mix effects of lipids and HUMIRA and the like, the trends there are positive as well. Diagnostic is clearly one that is going through particularly in 2011 at a nice step function in gross margin, as the savings from these cost reduction programs initiated a couple of years ago start kicking in. So those are the big ones that are going to be driving improved margin performance in ’11, and you are already seeing some of it in ’10.
Tom Freyman: Yes, nutritionals, I would characterize as fairly steady. Because of the nature of the manufacturing processes, they are being much more material than labor or you know overhead. It is a little tougher to move cost savings into that business. You know, the margins are more impacted by geographic mix and product mix, and I figure that one as being steady to only slightly up. And in eye care, in AMO, I think the key one there is going to be when the LASIK business picks up. A little more profitable piece of that business is volume increases. We are not seeing much this year as I indicated in my remarks. They are fairly steady there, and hopefully if we get some economic impact that one will start moving the right way in ’11 as well.
Tom Freyman: Yes, I mean on the top line, and this is very ratable with the full-year $3 billion number we provided. It was a little more than $200 million in the quarter.
Tom Freyman: Exactly. So if you do that math, you'll find that it is very consistent with the $3 billion forecast for the full year.
Tom Freyman: Well, you know we like our pipeline. We think we have a lot of good things going on, progressing from our internal pipeline and to your point, Facet brings some very nice compounds in oncology and immunology. This is a portfolio that particularly with daclizumab later stage. And so we should see those coming to market in the not too distant future. And in this business, it never hurts to have more bets, and we continue to be very vigilant and look at opportunities, primarily licensing opportunities to put more into the mix and increase the probability of getting more and more products out. So we are very open to that, and I would say that – that is a focus area for us as I indicated earlier in my – some of the Q&A on this call.
Larry Peepo: Yes, I would say, you know, Mike we've seen for weekly data points. You know, post ACC for the TriCor/TRILIPIX script trends and they do look very consistent across those four weeks.
Larry Peepo: Sure. Hi Sara. Yes, at ASCO we will see data across three of our oncology programs, a combination of Phase II data for 263, ABT-888 as well as 869. We will see also 874 data. There is a final Phase III study that should be presented later on this year at a fall derm meeting. We’ll also see HUMIRA ulcerative colitis data. We've seen the induction data already. So that will be again presented at DDW here in May. We'll also see for the first time the maintenance data at a conference later in the year. I don't have the specific venue or timing for that just yet, but I should see that later in the year, and then you know, on the other side of the business, don't forget to add PCR in late May. We’ll see some additional one year results for MitraClip. John mentioned BVS data six month data from cohort B will be presented at PCR. We'll also see some additional XIENCE data there, and in the back half of the year, you know, we've got the MitraClip panel as well as the synchrony panel and that the synchrony panel that would be the first presentation of the pivotal data for that product.
Larry Peepo: Yes, in terms of new geography Derrick, this is Larry. You know, John mentioned that we did get in Japan the psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis indication approval here early in 2010. You know, that is something that will expand our opportunity in the Japanese market over time. You know, RA continues to move up in Japan for us as well. You know, we just got approval for that in mid ’08, but as you know, that market takes a little while for all products to evolve, and so now we are kind of just hitting you know, the stronger portion of the run rate for RA in Japan. We also have other countries we mentioned RA in China. We continue to rollout Crohn's disease in some of the Latin American countries that haven't gotten it yet. We are ruling out psoriasis across you know, some Eastern European countries, South Africa, et cetera. So there still is geographic expansion for the product going on.
