Brian Yoor: Okay, good morning and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President – Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2014. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott’s operations are discussed in Item 1(a), Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Note that any sales or earnings per share guidance provided today on the call will continue to include the developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business in our forecasts. Tom will discuss in more detail how we expect to report the results of this big business beginning with the third quarter. In today’s conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott’s ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings new release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Brian Yoor: This is Brian. How are you doing, Jason? I think I’d start—you know, first of all recall with India, which is our largest market, last year I think we all experienced a little bit of a slowdown in that market when they implemented what was called the Drug Price Control Order, so the whole industry, which is good news for us – I mean, this is our largest presence, the market has come back up into what I’d say is more high single digits. It had actually reached low single digits through some of the disruption around the implementation of this control order last year. But that also with execution is serving very well for us in India, driving double digits growth. We’re set up very nicely for the second half of the year as well, both from our execution as well as nice comparison in terms of that market’s rebound. As I move to Brazil, that was one that was more about portfolio expansion. We had expanded out our products along the therapeutic area that we refer to as our women’s health, so that’s going very well. As I mentioned in China, again, execution but also coupled with—recall in the first quarter, we talked about a plant shutdown to build out capacity for one of our most successful products in the women’s health arena. That’s starting to come back. It doesn’t come back all at once, but I talked about seeing some benefits in the second quarter and third quarter now that that plant is online. So we expect the key emerging markets to continue to do well for the rest of the year, and when you look at this thing globally with the developed markets business, it’s still that nice, steady sequential improvement that we were talking about from the beginning of the year.
Brian Yoor: Once we get through the second half of the year, where again you’re going to see strong double-digit growth for the nutrition business, we believe that when you weight the two businesses, which as you now we’re 55% pediatric, 45% adult, this should be an upper single-digit growing business. Interestingly in all the forecasts we look at, the adult is growing at roughly the equivalent rate as the pediatrics. So as Miles indicated earlier, it’s an extremely important business to us strategically. So once we’re through—as you know, with this kind of being a first half, second half story this year with the recovery, I think that upper single digit range is one that we view as sustainable for a business that has great demographics on both the pediatric and adult sides, and obviously we’re well invested in a broad range of more rapidly growing markets around the world with our emerging markets strategy.
Brian Yoor: Okay, well thank you, Operator, and thank you for all your questions. That concludes Abbott’s conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 am Central time today on Abbott’s Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11:00 am Central time via telephone at 203-369-0489, pass code 3332. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 pm Central time on Wednesday, July 30. Thank you for joining us today.
Miles White: Sure. You know, the direct answer to your question is yes, I think it is sustainable. I mean, it might go up a point, down a point – who knows? – from time to time, but the general direction at that magnitude I think is sustainable. You know, as you know, Glenn, we are the world leaders in that category in almost every country, and there’s still enormous amounts of opportunity out there, given the demographics of the world not just in developed countries but also in emerging countries. There’s a big opportunity for us, I think, in China in particular, and part of our expansion in China will address that over time. We’ve got a big opportunity to enter that market, build that market, create it and do in China what we’ve done in a lot of other countries around the world. So I think there’s still a lot of opportunity. There’s always room for innovation, whether it be in the form—you know, we have a product now, Clear, in the United States that’s not a milk-based product that I think will be popular with consumers, and I think that given different flavors, different forms, different packages and so forth, I think there’s a lot of opportunity to expand the market and grow the market where we’ve already got pretty strong share. That’s an important part of our business. And you’re right – the pediatric segment tends to get a lot of the attention, but I think a lot of the growth and opportunity here remains in the adult segment.
Miles White: You know something? My management in that business will say if we reach 25, are we done? And I’ll of course say no – 30 would be the next goal, and if we reach 30, would 35 be the next goal. I’m not sure I’m ever going to be satisfied, but I’d say this – we’re not done, and we’re not stopping. There’s a lot of things that go into determining what the margin is in the business and in terms of our cost to deliver. A lot of the moves that we’ve made in the last year with our supply chain globally, including some of the things that we’ve done with Fonterra with other suppliers, are aimed at lowering our cost to deliver. Some of the products that we’ve had manufactured by third parties, we’ll bring in house and do ourselves. Part of our plant strategy here with not only our liquid plant in Ohio but our plant expansion in China and India is to do that. There is obviously large freight savings when you manufacture in key markets as opposed to ship from the U.S. or Europe or other locations. So there’s a number of things that go into the overall cost structure, and I’d say there’s still plenty of room to improve our margins in this business, and the team has been very focused on that. Some of them take a little longer than others to realize because of structural or infrastructure changes in our whole supply chain system, but I’d say there is more room there.
Miles White: Mike, this is Miles. I’d say for a transition period, that’s probably an accurate comment. I think that business has done a great job of managing its costs and its expenses and so forth. We still have a very healthy gross margin in the business, and so it’s sort of tale of two businesses, and particularly in the U.S. I’d say that because it remains profitable and cash generating, et cetera, you’ve got this older legacy circumstance of strategy market channels, products, et cetera that clearly is under pressure from competitive bidding and what CMS has done. Then you’ve got very new innovative products that, frankly, really matter and make a significant difference for patients, like Libre which is coming first in Europe. That, we believe, will be a significant growth driver for this business here over time, and it will come to the U.S. and it will be a global product, just like our core base business. So you’ve got a transition here of the core base business as we grow the more innovative future product and future forms of that product, because while it’s launching as a single product, there’s actually a product line coming here. So I think that will continue to drive the business and have a very different proposition for the patient.
Miles White: Okay. First of all, I’d say Fonterra has been a partner and a supplier of ours for a very long time, and it’s no secret that a year ago they had a recall that impacted us, impacted other competitors as well, and nobody tried to have a recall, nobody tried to have a problem, but it set us back for a period in China, Saudi Arabia, Vietnam, some other countries. Out of our discussions came a number of ideas for the companies going forward. You can spend your time arguing about something nobody wanted to happen, or you can look ahead and say, where are our opportunities? The fact is China is an opportunity for us, as is the global supply chain in general because as we look at the growth prospects of both the pediatric and adult business worldwide, as I said, China is not the only growth opportunity. There’s a lot of countries out there where there is still a lot of opportunity for both companies. So we very constructively looked at what the companies could do together, and out of that came the notion of this dairy hub idea in China, which I think and they think will be very important for serving China. China is a big market and it’s big for pediatric nutrition, and it’s big for adult nutrition, I think. I mean, I think it will be – it’s not well established at this point, but I believe it will be. One of the key points of this business is you’re a lot more economically able to serve if you are in market or close to market and responding to the desires and the needs of local consumers. We have R&D in Singapore, we have R&D in Shanghai, we have manufacturing there. We are now going to vertically integrate and supply from there in addition to the supplies we take into China and other countries from New Zealand and other milk suppliers in Europe and other places. So overall, we’re looking at this as a comprehensive global network of access to very high quality milk and where we process it and then how we tailor the product to given local markets. So I think while somebody won’t pay a lot of attention to some of these steps with Fonterra or the plants that we’ve put in place today, within a few years we’ll look back and say, boy, that was really key to do that because now we’re in a very strong position to immediately serve in those markets. Now further, I would tell you – and this is speaking more globally, not just specific to China – having our manufacturing in countries helps us in effect self-hedge exchange as currency fluctuates in countries around the world. It’s clearly a strong commitment to the country, which helps us from a regulatory standpoint, it helps us from a cost to serve and freight standpoint. There are a number of things that—you know, countries expect today that companies or businesses that are doing business in their country make rooted commitments in those economies, and that’s what in effect we’re doing. I think it will put a very, very strong foundation under this nutritional business in a lot of countries around the world. China obviously is one of the largest right there with the United States in terms of size and potential, and therefore a very important one for us to commit to and make the kind of investments we’re making.
Miles White: MitraClip continues to progress nicely. We had a very good progression in the second quarter. We still are on track for this product to approach $200 million in sales, which would be up 50% over the prior year, and we’re getting better coverage in Europe, more reimbursement in Europe, and we’re making very good progress through the U.S. reimbursement process and we hope to have some good news on that in the second half of the year.
Miles White: Okay, that’s one I probably wouldn’t answer directly for you, even if the answer was no. You know, I’ll put this in the context, Kristen, of yesterday I saw an article in the media where many buy side and sell side analysts speculated on what the next steps would be that we’d be interested in, of course which was very interesting. It was interesting to know the thoughts of a lot of people, but what I almost never do is try to telegraph where we might be interested, because a lot of times that’s going to affect other companies and stuff, too. So if you don’t mind, I’m just going to avoid that question.
Miles White: Well, it already is being run differently, and the management that’s going to run it is already there. There were a number of changes that had been made in the last year and a half or so and some new folks brought into the company, some others moved. I’d say no change anticipated in the management team, and I’m sure they’ll be glad to hear that; but that’s already in place. We’re executing against the plans we have, expanding our product lines and our depth in various therapeutic areas. We’re rolling out our branding strategies in a number of these countries, and I think while it’s difficult when you have a whole portfolio of a lot of countries to see the specific needle move in general, we track them all pretty individually and by detail, and we’re seeing progress on the initiatives that we have in place. So I think the management and I both expect to see continued improvement in those countries, and I think even this year in the third and fourth quarter, so I think you’ll see that play out in the second half of the year here.
Miles White: I’d probably say it’s little premature for us to forecast that. I would only say it’s not a one-off product. There will be other manifestations of it, other versions of it over time. I think our first priority is to get this first one launched. I think it will be very well received and very innovative, and then it will be followed by others, other versions for various segments of the market. I think it’s just premature for us to comment on what that might be.
Miles White: There’s kind of an unprecedented number of systems in development in our diagnostics business broadly defined. There’s a new family of hematology analyzers, new family for blood screening, new family for core lab immunoassay and chemistry. We also have a program underway in our molecular space. There is our Ibis system in addition to that in molecular, a second system there; and then next generation for our point of care business, so across the board literally, new systems and updated systems in development for all of these businesses. They obviously can’t all launch at exactly the same time, so I’d say there’s sort of a, call it a three to five-year frame here where they will all sequentially roll out, God willing and everything staying on time. I think as I said, it’s unprecedented for that much to be done in a similar period of time, but when and as complete, I’d say our diagnostics business will have the most up-to-date delivery platforms in their various spaces across the board in the industry and we’ll be very, very well positioned.
Miles White: Would you mind holding the second and third question until we answer the first? I’m finding I don’t remember the third by the time I get done with the second.
Miles White: Well first of all, there’s an assumption there that I would use it all for share repurchase, which I’m not. So I would just call out the fact that it gives me a lot of optionality in terms of cash disposition, but I’m probably not going to tell you today what that’s going to be.
Miles White: Well, I’d answer that two ways. First of all, I saw the report on Sanofi, and my understanding is that’s a reference to their European-based business, and we just are in the process of selling ours, so I think these are two completely different questions here. Would I be interested in broadening our emerging market portfolio? Sure. Yeah, we’re always interested in broadening or deepening our portfolio in our EPD business, but for us going forward, that’s going to be an emerging market business and so consequently businesses that are similar products but in Europe or the U.S. would not be of interest to us.
Miles White: I do. I think if I look at the single biggest event that was a setback for that business, it was the recall in Asia approximately a year ago in that nutrition business, which clearly impacted us in China and other countries, as I mentioned earlier. When that happens, it’s a year to recover because the consumer is an incredibly quality conscious consumer that once that consumer has shifted to another brand, it’s very difficult to regain them. That wasn’t something anybody anticipated, it wasn’t something anybody wanted to happen, including Fonterra; but when that happens, it does set you back a bit. I think we’ve recovered about as well as we could have within that year time frame. I like the progress that our team is making in China and other countries. The world is volatile. The great thing about emerging markets is they represent, I think, terrific growth. The unfortunate thing about them for businesses that measure their success every 90 days is that they can be pretty volatile, and in our case we are in a number of emerging markets, like a portfolio, which one hopes over time dampens the overall absorption of volatility, and I think it does. I think you have to kind of learn how to shape your portfolio and shape your approach to minimize volatility of markets, whether it’s currency driven, politically driven, whatever the case may be, and deliver that growth on a more consistent, durable basis for investors. And of course, that’s our intent and that’s what we’re trying to do. So if I look at our businesses across the board, I always think we can do better. I think we’re getting back to the track we want to be on with nutrition. I think we’re getting back to the track we want to be on with our pharmaceutical business. The pharmaceutical business, as I’ve said in the past, is two very different businesses – there’s the developed market business which is low growth but still attractive and profitable, and then much higher growth emerging market business. And since we’ve defined the company around durable growth, our emphasis and focus by strategic intent is on those emerging markets, and we think that given the scale necessary for the consolidation that’s happening in those developed markets, that at least in our case, Mylan was a better home for our business than we were; otherwise, we were faced with the possibility of having to expand and consolidate still further in those markets. For us, that wasn’t the same in terms of strategic intent and growth as what we’re trying to do in emerging markets. So I think that as two of the large businesses in the portfolio, I think they are getting back into the shape and direction and top line growth that we intend. I think as we’ve said, everything we’re doing is directed toward that. I see that evolving in emerging here. Our first quarter with EPD, as you’ll recall, we had a plant shut down because we were expanding the plant, so there’s a number of factors at work here that I think we’ll see play out in the third and fourth quarter here that will give our investors much more confidence in the ongoing trajectory of our pharma business. I think the nutrition business will evolve that way over time, too – I mean, it’s already a very strong business. It’s doing well, and the infrastructure and so forth that we’ve put in place and the recovery that we’ve seen in China and other countries shows, and frankly we will have lapped it in the second half, the issue we had last year, and you’ll see that those growth rates are back where you’d like to see them.
Thomas Freyman: We’ve talked about this off and on over the last few quarters, Mike, and when we exited the separation, it was clear to the entire organization that our G&A levels in particular were higher than they should have been, and we’ve been working very hard to address that through process improvements in the back office, basic efficiencies, only providing the appropriate services to the businesses. It’s been kind of a steady progress we’ve made on that – you know, every quarter we’re able to change the trend of the run rate and just been steadily chipping away at that. I wouldn’t say we’re done – we still have a few things we want to do. We’re getting more efficient in the IT areas and some of the finance and accounting areas, and even—especially in the purchasing area where we’ve invested a lot of time and we think can drive savings as well. So it’s a very broad-based approach, I’d say a very steady approach; and to your point, it’s really contributed to the flattening of the SG&A. What we have not been doing is tuning back on productive SG&A – you know, things that really drive sales and growth. We’ve tried very hard to sustain and even increase investment in those areas while we’re tuning back in the other areas.
Thomas Freyman: Yes, I mean, we’ll be basically carrying this investment at cost, and when it’s sold hopefully at gains, those gains will be reflected as specified items throughout the period during which we sell it.
Thomas Freyman: Well you know, the guidance I provided on gross margin was pretty steady really from the second quarter through the fourth quarter. You know, it’s a situation – and we talked about this at the very beginning of the year, it was a particularly acute exchange year on the gross margin ratio, and that’s playing through—you know, it played through in the second quarter, it was a bit of a headwind, and it’s playing through a little more in the third quarter. So I think on the gross margin level, pretty much all the guidance is steady the rest of the year. Certainly we’re going to work hard to do as well as we can in that area, but I think once we’ve lapped through this year of exchange challenges, we’ll be back on the fundamentals and it is something that we’d like to see some steady improvement over time, even taking into account some of the challenge Miles outlined in his earlier remarks. So I think the second half is really more of a sales acceleration story and continuing to drive down these G&A costs to ultimately deliver on the forecast.
