John Thomas: Good morning, and thanks, everyone for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations. Tom will review the details of our financial results for the quarter and the outlook for the year. Larry and I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, we will take your questions. Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbot’s ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
John Thomas: Yes. So David, this is John. We've -- as I mentioned in my remarks, our data at ACC was supplemental to the data we've shown on XIENCE in the past, good strong data on both the base platform and also absorb. But we look at the rest of the world, we probably -- there's probably a lack of attention paid to the ex-U.S. markets versus the U.S., and the visibility there for us is good, where about 2/3 of that overall worldwide market is outside the U.S. And we've done quite well there. XIENCE and XIENCE PRIME account for more than 30% of share in Europe. And that's the leadership position. And at the same time, we've seen that the competitor product you mentioned has actually lost considerable amount of share while we've gained share in Europe on that. And of course, we've done extremely well in Japan, where we have approximately 50% share. And the market has been quite receptive. And then of course, there's emerging markets, like China, that we mentioned in our remarks as well. So it's a strong market. We're very pleased with performance there. As I mentioned in the comments as well, we have now announced that we have filed PRIME in the U.S., so we're very comfortable with our time line there of getting into the U.S. market by mid-2012 or sooner. And then we have the other products you mentioned, too, that will help us in those areas where we don't have a position to date, like the small vessels and of course, PRIME with the long lesions. So that's the stent piece of it and of course, there's other components of it, like TREK and then, down the road, MitraClip. So I feel pretty good about where we're at.
John Thomas: While there's a couple of dynamics at play there, probably in the mix is lower PROMUS sales, some overall lower U.S. DES sales as we're holding share. But as you know, the market has taken some price, and we're seeing that as well. When we do launch the 225 NANO in the second half of the year, we think that will help offset. Of course in that business, and Tom can talk to this more than I can, is the bottom line impact of improvements in margin profile for that business, which is key to the overall profitability story. So net-net for the full year, we feel pretty good overall. And it gets back to what I just mentioned, in terms of 2/3 of the market being outside the U.S., where we are seeing strong performance of XIENCE and XIENCE PRIME.
John Thomas: Hi, Larry. This is John. Let me take your last question first. The DRG, I think, has been out there for some time. It's obviously not final and open for public commentary at this point. As you know, it's all part of the process. We believe at Abbott that the appropriate DRG payments should be more in line with DRG rate for patients who are undergoing open-heart surgery. But this is something that will be discussed and it's just one step in the overall reimbursement process for a new product like MitraClip and so we'll see how it goes and we're hopeful that it would be eventually coded that way. As for ABSORB, I think as we said in the past that we're not specifically discussing pricing for a product that's a couple of years away in the U.S. But clearly with the benefits that we have shown with the product and if the clinical data continues to demonstrate the type of response that we see and then also giving patients the benefit of not having any material left in the vessel and the flexibility and natural healing elements and all the attributes, this could be a game-changing technology. And will likely warrant a premium price in the marketplace, but that's -- a lot not yet to be determined there.
John Thomas: No, we haven't specifically broken out that particular payment, but we're obviously eager to have XIENCE PRIME on the market and more than willing to compete head-to-head for that share where a lot of docs, as you know, are very comfortable with the platform as it exists today and would appreciate an improvement on that product. So that's the way we're looking at a chance to get 100%.
John Thomas: Yes, I think that a reception's been very good. We've been pleased with the rate of uptake of centers across Europe. Doctors seem to be pleased with the performance of the product. As you know, as we showed at ACC, the one-year Cohort B data looked very good and confirmed the six and nine-month results that we've previously seen with no thrombosis and low MACE rates, low weight loss, et cetera returning the vessel to a more normal functioning. So I think they're excited about it. They're excited about the fact of leaving patients with a healed vessel and no metal implant. So we still have a ways to go, but so far so good. And I think what we're seeing in Europe is reflective of the potential and future for the product worldwide and in the U.S. So we're pleased.
John Thomas: It's being trialed right now. We do expect to be in about 80 centers worldwide by the end of this year. And so it's nothing that we're specifically breaking out at this time, Remember, we don't have any revenues in our plan this year for the product.
John Thomas: Well, as you know, there has been a sequential decline in pricing in the marketplace. We still believe that XIENCE is a premium product overall. And with XIENCE PRIME coming and some of the other products that we've mentioned, we'll see how pricing goes. We're not counting on a robust pricing environment in our outlook. We'll model more conservatively, but there are some new technologies in the pipeline for us and some others and  those should command a premium price in the market.
John Thomas: Thanks, Bob. That's going to conclude our call for today. We would appreciate any feedback you have on the supplemental materials that we provided to investors today in our earnings release with the three business categories and the emerging markets. We'd tell you that a replay of the call will be available after 11:00 Central today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11:00 a.m. Central via telephone at (203) 369-3583. The confirmation code for that is 2128742. And an audio replay will be available until 4:00 p.m. of this call on Wednesday, May 4. Thank you and call us if you have any questions.
Thomas Freyman: Mike, this is Tom. I think this quarter is a good demonstration of, I believe, the quality of all our businesses. We really -- as you go down every one and you look at the revenue performance and what it translated to in overall EPS growth of over 12%, I think you can see that the portfolio is a good one. It's performing well, and it's very complementary to our overall financial objectives. We did talk a little bit about this on the fourth quarter. And as we look at these businesses, and again, looking at the performance you see, we're very happy with the outlook and potential for these businesses to contribute to our objectives, longer term. That said, we have high expectations. We have high standards for all the businesses. We're performing against them now, we believe. But as our history has shown, we are willing to take actions, as appropriate to enhance shareholder value, to put these businesses in a place where they're going to operate and flourish. But right now, I'd say that the portfolio is very strong.
Thomas Freyman: Similar to what we said on the fourth quarter call. We had high-single digit overall sales growth forecasted at that point in time. We had around 3% impact of acquisitions, so north of 6% organic growth, and we delivered that.  Actually, we did deliver over that at this quarter. And we would expect a pretty consistent performance against that throughout the year.
Thomas Freyman: You mentioned the ex-US piece. And certainly, the markets, as I've said in my remarks, continue to grow strong double digits. So the International business is off to a great start. I think what probably is working even better than we thought initially this year is the U.S. market. We've seen scripts now growing and kind of the high-single digits approaching 10% for us. Our team has done some very nice things early in the year, from a competitive positioning and some real proactive work that they did to mitigate a little bit of that January effect that we've seen in the past. So they've done a great job there and we've seen great growth in the U.S. And as we look at the rest of the year, maybe we've seen a little bit of economic benefit there, too, as the economy is stabilizing, maybe move forward a little bit for us. But we would expect these trends to continue and like I said, we're well on track with HUMIRA to achieve our outlook for 2011.
Thomas Freyman: Well clearly, radiographic progression is very important, not only to the patient, but also to the treating physician. And you mentioned the 5-milligram dose failing that primary end point. That's very important if you look at the HUMIRA data. That was a six-month readout. If you look at HUMIRA at six months or 24 weeks, we did show statistically significant radiographic inhibition at 52 weeks, and we've maintained that kind of benefit out to 8 years now in our data sets. So I think at the end of the day for the rheumatologist, that is paramount to their view of products. And we'll have to see where they go from here. But for us, that data is very strong in our label and something that we discuss with physicians all the time.
Thomas Freyman: Glenn, I'll take the question on Japan. First of all, clearly, our thoughts are with the people there as they begin to recover from this tragedy. Our situation is all of our employees are safe. We've been aiding as much as we can to help there. Our -- the Abbott fund contributed $3 million right up front to the relief effort. So we're doing everything we can to help. We've looked at the business impact of this, and there will be some economic disruption across the businesses. But we factored that into our forecast, and it's not material really for our outlook.
Thomas Freyman: Yes, I wouldn't be able to comment on J&J's position. You might be better served asking to them. You're correct that, that agreement has come to a conclusion, and that's about all we can really say. And I can't comment on their business.
Thomas Freyman: Well Rick, we have a number -- we have pretty much the product Larry went through are our later-phase programs. The HCV space is moving rapidly. That is certainly one that you should watch. The developments happened there with quite rapid change. Daclizumab is a program in Phase III. That's one that we're very, very excited about, given the hopefully, very positive safety and efficacy profile of the product. Elotuzumab, again, in Phase III and our partner company is also extremely excited about the prospects for that product. So I think those are...
Thomas Freyman: Yes, and then I guess the other big one is bardoxolone. Those are the four that are in the later stages that in the time frame you mentioned are going to start contributing nicely to our growth. And really everything we've seen from a clinical perspective and all those that are progressing according to plan, I guess I'd have to throw one more in there. Elagolix is a program that will be moving into Phase III, we believe, in the not-too-distant future. And it's another later-stage program. So it's hard to discern because they're all in similar phase of development, and we'll be hitting in similar time frames. So all five of those are our products to launch.
Thomas Freyman: I mean, they're all -- every one of these licensing opportunities we've looked at are significant potential contributors if the clinical profile turns out to be what we suspect and hoped when we entered the deals. And they're all on track with our expectations.  And often -- in many cases a year into our working with the companies and our experience with the programs.
Thomas Freyman: First of all, things like U.S. Healthcare Reform, European pricing, those types of things that are truly significant headwinds this year, we laid that all out on our fourth quarter call. And that was all in our planning and expectations. And despite some very good underlying trends in product mix and cost-production efforts in the businesses, even in the fourth quarter, as we were forecasting 2011, we believe we'd see modest gross margin improvement, but kind of a transitional year while we got those kind of onetime pricing impacts behind us. Our first quarter, typically, just from a product mix point of view, is a little softer than other quarters. That's part of -- as the mix improved going into the second quarter and the rest of the year, that's going to be the big driver. The one thing that has changed since we talked last January is just a very rapid weakening of the dollar. And again in our company, there's a lag between the sales benefit of a weaker dollar and the margin benefits, which are going to come later in the year. So that is really the one thing that's changed. And you're right going forward, it's better product mix, growth of the higher margin products that's going to continue to boost that gross margin as we move into the second quarter.
Thomas Freyman: No, let's take the SG&A comment first. Our forecast for full year SG&A is exactly on what we said in the fourth quarter. It's around 27% or maybe a little bit more than 27% of sales, so no change in that. The reason we've started to categorize our businesses in this way is really to help investors better understand the product mix in the business. We truly believe that the Established Pharmaceuticals business, which is primarily branded, generic and emerging market has a different set of attributes than traditional patented pharmaceutical product. We think that investors, particularly those who are new to the story that haven't been following us as long as people like yourself, Jaime, don't have quite the appreciation of the mix of the businesses. There's a perception that we are primarily a patented pharmaceutical company. And when you we look at these sales breakdowns as we've presented, we are 40% Durable growth, which include that Established Pharma, but it also includes Nutritional, Diagnostics, other very durable businesses with good growth opportunity. We're about 40% Patented Pharma, which I think is the number that surprises some people that really have not studied the company as carefully as others. And then we're about 15% Innovation-Driven Devices. And we just want to be sure that the underlying attributes and nature of these businesses, and particularly, the durability of this Durable Growth segment from a cash generation point of view, the lack of exposure to the riskier patent cycles and R&D cycles that you see in, for example, the Patented Pharma business, that really is understood. And this is a more predictable type of grouping of businesses that I think speaks to the investment character of the company. So that's really what we're trying to do, and we're going to continue to try to demonstrate the business this way. And hopefully, that will have some ultimate improved appreciation or, perhaps, valuation of the underlying businesses.
Thomas Freyman: Well we have to be outstanding cost competitors in every single one of these businesses. And we can't be -- we can't lack core competency on any one. The only way our portfolio like this make sense, which we believe ultimately drives a very good investment profile for investors, is to be excellent in every single business. And so, I really can't answer that question. Every single one of these businesses has to be competitive, in terms of R&D investment, talent, processes and all the other things that make a business successful. So there is -- it doesn't say -- our capital is going to go to those opportunities that have the highest risk-adjusted opportunity. And if all businesses have equal opportunity, they're all going to get their fair share of capital. If programs and investments come forward that have better risk-adjusted returns, they're probably going to get a little more of the capital piece.
Thomas Freyman: Yes, thanks, Tony. It is true that in 2010, the overall margins in our Nutritional business went down a couple three points from what they have been running at. And that was largely due to the recall last fall. The product that was recalled is a very important one for us. I think the really good news is that, that team is doing an outstanding job regaining share. The numbers you see in terms of reported sales being only slightly down in the U.S. Nutrition business, I think reflect that execution. And frankly, they reflect above expectations performance in the other businesses beyond Nutrition, which is where the recall occurred. So this year, we expect some modest progress in, at least, as we looked at the original plan, some modest improvement back in the Nutrition business margins as we went through the recovery process. But if we do better, as it looks like we may do in the U.S. business, which is an important piece of the product mix story there, we could do better than our planning assumption. And I know that, that's what the team and our business is aiming to do. But beyond that, Tony, even if we get back to where we were, say in '09, in terms of margin in this business, we're really not satisfied with that, as we've looked at some competitor margins. We definitely could do better, and we've got a number of activities going on within that business, really focused on margin improvement. And we believe that in the years after 2011, that team will deliver a steadily improving and, hopefully, significantly improving margin in that Global Nutrition business. So we've got some pretty big aspirations there. And hopefully as we move forward, we'll be able to show some even better results on margins in the Nutrition business.
Thomas Freyman: Thank you, Tom, and one final question. Where you laid out, very nicely again, some R&D activities, one around bardoxolone, as that Phase III begins to ramp. Is Abbott responsible for the entire cost of development for that Phase III program for its ex-U.S. submission? Thanks.
Thomas Freyman: No, we don't believe so. They're -- we're fairly confident that Tricor generic competitors will come in mid-2012, this year.
Thomas Freyman: Well we do have the difference, generally speaking, between TRX -- obviously TRX growth is somewhat of a blunt instrument. But we use it as an approximation, I guess, for script trends overall. The difference between script trends and the ultimate reported percentage growth is likely price. You're well aware of the history of the price increases here on HUMIRA over the last year. There weren't any new HUMIRA increases in 2011. But I would ascribe that differential between script trends and the reported growth in the U.S. to realize the price. I think that's fair.
Thomas Freyman: Well, it's been fairly consistent. Year-over-year, we've been in kind of a 10 to 12-month clock. And it's been in that 4% to 5% range, and we don't predict future price increases, but you can see that as, kind have been our history.
