Thomas C. Freyman: Well, Mike, as we talked about, clearly there was a significant top line impact across the businesses and we tried to provide some pretty good detail on that. And as we talked about in the past, and you alluded to it, the way we were structured around the world in terms of our manufacturing sites and kind of our cost centers and really the way we've organized ourselves, our read as we compare ourselves to others -- and it's hard to do because we don't know exactly what's going on in other companies -- because of that we're probably somewhat less exposed to currency movements. I would say that, certainly, it's not 0. We have had some effect this year. But the way we've looked at it and we've gone through the year is that things like this happen every year and we try our best to manage through it. When John talked about the plants in Nutrition that we're building around the world, I think it's indicative of the approach we've taken to some degree. Certainly, when we build those plants and get them closer to the customers, it makes a lot of sense from a logistics perspective and in terms of minimizing inventories and the like, when you're closer to the markets. But another benefit we see from that, and we really do factor it into our thinking as we look at the plant locations, is that there's a better match of currency between revenues and costs. And I think we've been pursuing that thinking for a number of years as we make our investments. And -- but I think that does help us be a little -- a little bit less exposed. So certainly, we've had some impact this year, but it's fallen into the range of the types of things that happen to the business every year, which is our job to manage. And because of some -- the margin performance you're seeing this quarter, some strength in the businesses, we're able to confirm our guidance for the 2012 year.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. I mean, certainly, it's too early to talk about 2013 right now. As we get into the fall and we pursue the road shows that we talked about for the 2 separate companies, it'll be a much more appropriate time. And really, once we get through a bit more of the year, get through some of our planning processes, fully assess what's happening in the environment as we move into next year, that's the time when it's best to talk about our outlook for 2013. So it's a little early now. To your question, I mean it is -- and we've talked about this, that it is clear that we need to set up headquarters functions for AbbVie. We need to incur -- AbbVie will be incurring public company costs such as the audit fees associated with being a public company, those types of things, and their guidance will factor that in. It's interesting: I have seen analysts modeling that from other transactions they've seen and certainly there will be some impact. As you mentioned, we did establish a longer-term goal to offset those types of costs to the extent we can and we're working on that as we speak, and we'll be able to talk more about that in the fall.
Thomas C. Freyman: I mean, I think the key is -- and when you look at the Form 10 and as we look at our forecast for AbbVie, and everyone's known this for quite some time, I mean, there's very significant cash flow in that company. And we recognize and as we think through, and ultimately, the AbbVie board will determine the amount of dividend. But it's pretty clear, as current board and management team thinks through this, that this type of business should have a substantial dividend. When we talk about the total Abbott dividend being at least equal to the existing -- between the 2 companies, I should say, be at least equal to the Abbott dividend at the time of separation, it's very likely that the larger portion of that will be coming from AbbVie. And they will definitely have the cash flow to support a competitive dividend going forward. That's another item that we'll be going through in detail, exactly how that'll work, in the fall when we talk about 2013 for both companies.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, to -- and I'll answer the last part of your question first. I mean, we're never satisfied, so it was a convenient point in time where a lot of the initiatives we now have underway will have been fully implemented, and certainly gets us back into the range of the levels that we think this business should have at a bare minimum. But you can never rest, and certainly, there'll be a lot more thinking over the next 2 or 3 years to continue that type of improvement as we go beyond 2015. I think the best example of that is our own Diagnostics initiative here, where we have accomplished tremendous things in the first 3, 4 years of that division's margin expansion improvement program. And as I look at this quarter's margin in Diagnostics and I think of where we were 4 years ago, and as I talk to that team and listen to their plans as we move forward, the more you work on these things, the more opportunity you find. And I think that's the type of model we're going to continue to apply across all of our businesses. To your question on capital, to me the most encouraging thing about the capital investments we're making in Nutrition is that it's really driven by demand. And we're building plants in Asia to support rapidly growing markets and developing markets. That's a very good thing. And the U.S. plant we announced a couple months ago, that's driven by a great opportunity we have in the U.S. in the liquids area. And so that's the kind of capital we like to invest. It has high returns and will certainly be a positive for the sustainable cash flow, both in the Nutrition business and the new Abbott in the future. There is some moderate levels, or I would even say modest levels of capital that we would be investing in some of our existing plants to improve our efficiency. But again, those will be the types of things that would have good financial returns, rapid paybacks and would be well spent on behalf of shareholders. So I think all of the news in Nutrition is good and we want to keep building on the success we've had so far.
Thomas C. Freyman: Right. Similar to the first quarter, it was roughly half of the improvement. I don't know -- those of you that follow us for a long time have seen quarters where exchange is a negative. And throughout the first half of the year, it's been about half of our margin improvement. The rest has been executing on the gross margin improvement initiatives we've talked about in detail.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, our guidance has factored in current exchange rates. That's typically what we do. We don't try to forecast changes. But I think if rates were to hold at this level, you'd see gross margins of the -- in line with our guidance that we've provided. To your point, though, if the euro did weaken quite a bit, yes, you'd probably see a little bit more favorable gross margin, but I'd personally rather have the sales stability and deliver gross margin improvement through our own initiatives.
Thomas C. Freyman: That's a lot of questions. I think I'll start on the receivables situation. We saw during the quarter a significant improvement in Southern Europe. Between the -- these governments are taking their situation seriously. They've implemented austerity measures. And in a couple markets, in particular, we saw really, really strong payments in the quarter. And so I think we feel very good about our business in Southern Europe and our ability to sustain that. In terms of Europe generally, maybe -- I guess it's the mix of our business. While certainly it's not a big growth driver right now and in certain pockets, in particular our Diabetes Care business, we have felt a little bit of pressure from austerity, when you look overall at Abbott it's been a fairly modest impact. I think part of that is due to the quality of our products and the differentiation in the market and just basically the fundamental demand for them. As we said, a couple years ago we had a little more price than we'd typically have, but that is largely normalized this year on the pharmaceuticals side of the business, so I'd say that Europe, from a demand perspective, is a relatively modest matter for us at the current time. Just on your question on headquarters costs, again, we'll talk about the modeling of these 2 companies in the fall, and I just don't think it would be productive to talk about what other companies have done in this area at this time.
Thomas C. Freyman: No, the -- as you know, the credit is not operative this year, so our guidance does not assume that.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. Just to talk about TriCor, I mean, as John and Larry talked about, clearly the lipid space is very soft right now. The branded products are down around 20 -- 29%, 30% year-to-date. And for us -- and we've identified these as mature franchises and we are definitely planning for generic competition in these areas. And our guidance for the third quarter does assume generic competition because, as you know, there are competitors that have a right to launch at any time. I've heard people talk about delays. All I would say on that, and you've kind of touched on it, Glenn, if there was a delay, that's certainly something we can't count on and it is not something that's really meaningful -- would be meaningful beyond 2012 if it were to happen. We need to plan for these products to basically be generic and we've talked about that in the fall. So that's our planning assumption going forward. And to your point, if something was delayed, we would very likely reinvest that back in the business because it really wouldn't be a sustainable benefit.
Thomas C. Freyman: Sure. The Vascular team has done a tremendous job in terms of operating more efficiently, particularly in the manufacturing area, and that's really helped blunt the impact of the Promus royalties on the margin ratio and the operating margin, but that's really what the story is about. The emerging market pricing is actually quite -- in a number of these markets is actually quite reasonable. There tend to be multi-tier markets, where some of the branded products you see in the developed world are -- there's a readiness to pay a premium. And so the pricing actually is quite good in these markets and is really not a negative drag on the operating margin of the business. I will say for Vascular, it's got a good operating margin. That team is looking to certainly continue to improve. But relative to some of our other businesses, it's in a reasonable range and I think you would see relatively modest incremental improvements from here as opposed to step changes.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, I think you've captured it properly, that when we look at the EPD performance, it's very good progress in line with what we've been talking about. The growth rate is marching up towards that mid-single range, which is what we'd been expecting for this year and what we expect in the second half. And to remind everyone, this is a business that when you weight out all the markets, we're targeting mid-to-upper growth sustainably here and I think the progress you saw this quarter gives us a good feeling that, that's achievable. And hopefully, as we progress through the year, you'll -- we'll continue to build your confidence in that business with the sales growth in the third and fourth quarters. I think the bigger -- the most important aspect of this business obviously is the emerging markets piece, where demand continues to be strong. And I think what we're starting to see is the execution starting to play out. I mean, this team has really only been in place effectively 1.5 years or so. They're gelling quite nicely. Their strategic plans are beginning to be implemented. And I think we're just starting to see better execution in the field as we get the right people in place and deliver on the strategic plans. And over time, the developed markets will be a smaller part of this business and I think it'll -- as the emerging markets grows and I think that'll provide a nice growth boost as well.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, as we mentioned in our remarks, the 3 big improvements in the quarter, and you'll see this in the 10-Q when it comes out in the segment footnotes, was Diagnostics, where we're now above 20%. Not many people would've thought that a few years ago. Nutrition, we saw about a 150-basis-point improvement over the prior year. There are some seasonality effects in that business, but we expect again a very -- a nice improvement for the full year in that business. And the Vascular business, we saw over 200 basis points of improvement in the quarter, again from the types of things I talked about on the last question. So those were the 3 big movers for the efficiency gains. And even though it's a smaller business, not to minimize it, our Diabetes Care business, which is a $1-billion business, is also showing very nice margin improvement and John mentioned that in his remarks as well.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, we did around $600 million in buybacks in the second quarter. That brings the year-to-date number to about $1.6 billion, so we have been active there. And similar to my other responses, and I know we are getting close, as we get into the fall here, we'll be able to provide a lot more color on the companies. But certainly, as each talks about the intended uses of their cash flows, whether it's dividend, share buybacks or investments in the business, the teams will cover those issues or those opportunities when we get into the fall.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, the key thing there is this is a selective program. It's only certain markets. It's not -- we're already direct in a number of markets and in certain markets it makes sense for us to continue to work through distributors, so it's only selected markets. The vast majority of that should play through this year. There's probably a modest amount in 2013 and we had a fair amount of it in the second quarter here. So I think it's really important to just keep in mind that this is a -- only select markets and the majority will play through this year.
Thomas C. Freyman: That is a good question and it's a unique situation for us as well, and we'll be talking that through with the management team. Obviously, if this timing plays out the way I outlined on the call, it will be kind of a unique period of time when the report will be on the total company. But clearly, investors will be focused on the future 2013 and it'll clearly be necessary for both management teams to be talking about that. So the exact way we structure it has not been determined, but we are talking about that and we should have some answers for you in the coming months.
John B. Thomas: No, we -- the fourth quarter was a comment about Diabetes Care, specifically. It'll definitely be getting modestly better as we go into the back half of the year. And I think the main point there is what I talked about in terms of this being a royalty transition year with Promus revenues coming out of the mix, so the non-commercial piece of it had an impact, as well as FX. And the trends are actually pretty good. So if you look at what's happening there and even with the competitive launch of the product that I mentioned coming into the market, XIENCE, alone, was only down about 2%. And the latest share data that we've gotten in the last couple of days indicates that from May to June, we've actually picked up a couple of share points in the U.S. as well. And as you know, worldwide, we continue to do very well with that product and the growth, in particular in the emerging markets, has been outstanding. We also have a number of new products launching. XIENCE PRIME in Japan just recently and then Xpedition will be coming with better deliverability in -- later in the year in the fourth quarter, to your point, and helping that business to improve. And meanwhile, on the bottom line, the business is holding up quite well and doing well in terms of expanding margins.
John B. Thomas: Sure, yes. So to your first point, yes, it's hard to say that the trialing is over. It's still relatively new, but it is encouraging in terms of the recent trends that we've seen with the 2 major market share data services that we use. We have picked up, in June, 2 to 3 share points depending on which service you use. So that competitive product has picked up about 10 share points. And we -- with the different products that we have launching and Xpedition coming and so forth, there are a number of things there that we're encouraged about. We're also -- we have picked up a couple of major share account wins recently and we have a number of plans in place with the team to compete against that. And obviously, with our depth of data and the deliverability and the overall profile of XIENCE, we have clearly the best-in-class product here. So we still hold the market leadership position in the U.S. We do expect to regain share, particularly as we go into the fourth quarter. As we look at the market dynamics overall, price has been -- it's encouraging. The trend has been more low single-digit decline. So it continues to moderate on a sequential basis. So it's about the third quarter in a row of mid-single-digit-type year-over-year declines, but moderating sequentially to low single digits on price. So that's been encouraging. Clearly, outside of the U.S., where -- it's a different situation. PCI volume definitely impacted the overall market. It was down about 5% in the U.S. So despite that and the competitive entry that you mentioned, XIENCE, as I said before, was only down about 2% in the U.S. So that dynamic we expect hopefully to improve as we go into the back half of the year. And DES penetration has been running around 79% recently.
John B. Thomas: Okay, Tony, this is John. Yes, I think it's fair to say it had a little bit more impact than we probably originally had forecasted. Also, PCI volume being down 5% was a factor as well. But like I said, the trend here recently is upward and the share count has -- or the share gains over the last month, from May to June, look promising. There's also a number of initiatives that we're doing. And as I said before, in the response to another question, we have recently won a couple of big accounts and that will factor in as we go through the rest of year. The team is obviously very focused, and execution will be important. And we have every confidence that, that team will take the challenge and they are already seeing the results of that in the latest data. And in general, I think there's a number of -- there's a cadence of products launching here that are pretty unique in terms of the timing and the overall attributes across all the segments of the Vascular business, so in DES and Endovascular and our other carotid area and so forth, we have a number of balloons, guidewires, new catheters, Xpedition launching. So generally, we're very encouraged. The U.S. is improving. x U.S., we continue to do well and I mentioned double-digit growth in the emerging markets in my commentary. So overall, it's a pretty good story and the bottom line impact on the businesses is what we've been talking about a lot, and that obviously has been very good. And Tom mentioned that 200-basis-point improvement, so we're working on it.
John B. Thomas: Yes. And lastly, Tony, I'd say -- just I wanted to mention this and I forgot to, on your question about Vascular. Just remember that when you exclude the Promus royalty transition, which is this year and obviously will improve going forward into 2013, if you exclude that situation and FX, the underlying business there grew in the mid-single digits globally. And so I think we're pretty pleased with that overall. Actually, let me just remind everybody of the replay, sorry about that. The replay of the call will be available after 11 Central Time today on our website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11 Central via telephone at (402) 220-9697. The confirmation code is 3458. The audio replay will be available until 4 Central on Wednesday, August 1. Again, thanks, everybody, for joining us today.
