Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us.  With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian and I will take your questions.  Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2018. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, through our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Please note that first quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only.  On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which adjusts the 2017 basis of comparison to exclude the impact of exchange and historical results for Abbott's Medical Optics and St. Jude's vascular closure businesses, which were divested during the first quarter of 2017, as well as the current and prior years sales for Alere, which was acquired on October 3, 2017.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. I would say in terms of the mix, it generally as best we can tell, it's a little bit harder with data in the U.S. than some of what we get out of Europe because we sell a lot through our web shop in Europe. But we're getting -- we estimate around 2/3 type 1 and 1/3 type 2 in the U.S. just like we are internationally. We think that would hold. And we're also getting -- we feel a nice balance of competitive wins versus people that are trying CGM for the first time and expanding that overall category. So a nice balance kind of across both dimensions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. I would say -- look, that has been a great space for us and we're now the #1 player in chronic pain. So certainly, we have a great portfolio, and that's playing out with physicians and with patients and they're seeing great results and whatnot in the real world. So I do think that, that category continues to expand. I think it will take some market development certainly with respect to reimbursement and guidelines and things of that nature. So it may build itself over time. It's not going to be a spike. But certainly, we feel that's a really nice space longer term. 
Scott Leinenweber: Very good. Well, thank you, operator. And thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks for the question, Mike. And before I go into those answers, I'd like to take a minute and just acknowledge you as an analyst in our space for just the terrific job you've done over the years and acknowledge your change of career. We won't have you on these calls anymore, but you've always had great questions and you always hit the right points. And good luck to you in whatever you're going to do and we'll miss you here. 
Miles White: Yes. I think, overall, I'd say this range of revenue growth we're going to sustain. I know that I indicated on the last call, I expect to be at the higher end of this. And each day that goes by, whether you have a Russia or a tweet or something that affects the expectations in the market, it adjusts. I'm less concerned about a couple of tenths of a point of growth and I'm less concerned about the details of each quarter. I mean, I pay attention to that because obviously it matters to investors. I'm much more concerned about the long-term sustainability of the overall growth trajectory of the company. And that, I'm pretty confident in. I'm not sure I can predict every quarter to the 10th. And -- but I would tell you that the overall sustainable growth of the company, I feel pretty confident about and particularly in this range for now for this year and beyond because there is so much new product launch and so much sustainable launch. I mean, just between the series of Alinity analyzers and Libre and the new products launched by our Medical Device groups, there's an awful lot of new product tracking here. And so -- and that's not just a temporal thing that goes a couple of months or a couple of quarters. Our objective was to make sure that we had really healthy, robust R&D pipelines and a good cadence of new product launches so we could sustain growth organically. And then, whether we ever do anything else opportunistically in M&A and so forth becomes purely that: opportunistic and very strategic. So I think with the underlying baseline, I'm pretty confident of the current sales trajectory of the company. And I think we've got some pretty solid validation points here with the performance of the new products that have launched that are quite visible, quite trackable, quite predictable to validate the growth prospects going forward. So whether it's 6.5%, 6.7%, 6.9% might vary quarter-to-quarter because lots of things happen quarter-to-quarter. But overall, I think that growth range is pretty doable. 
Miles White: Okay. Let me deal with Nutrition first. I think for the long term, I'd be cautious about setting expectations much higher than low to mid-single digits in this business because markets around the world have slowed to a degree. They're not growing at as high a growth rate as they have historically. There are still healthy markets and I think particularly some international, call it, emerging markets and so forth still have some hefty growth opportunity. The -- but I think overall, when you put it altogether, it's probably a low to mid-single-digit business from a growth standpoint. It is profitable. It does generate a lot of cash and it is a fundamentally very strong and valuable business. So I'm happy about that. I would say that we've seen some sequential improvement because we've been attending to what I think have been adjustments to how we market, how we sell, adjusting to digital, digital channels or online channels and so forth in some markets where there's been a tremendous amount of distribution channel shift and change. China sticks out. But it's been true in a lot of places. So I think that it's a highly competitive business in a branded space. We've reacted to that pretty well. I give our U.S. team a lot of credit for how well they've done in the pediatric and adult space. It's extremely competitive and it's competitive in both pediatric and adults, not just pediatric in the U.S. And we will see from time to time a competitor try to pulse advertising or other things to take momentary share. But I think overall, we've not only sustained our position, but steadily grown it from a share standpoint. We certainly see that in the U.S. So I'm feeling pretty good about how the U.S. is doing overall. And in some markets where we've had some either competitive issues or just disruption like the disruption in China for the last 2 years over this change in food safety and so forth, the law, I think we've responded to that pretty well. And I think we're seeing that stabilize. As I said, we're making adjustments in how we market, what channels we go to, where the emphasis is. I think we've got some stability in China. But I would tell you, we also have a lot of ambition to do better competitively in China which we're getting our hands around. So right now, I think if we're able to see steady, stable growth in this business at the rate we're at or even sequential improvement going forward, that'd be pretty good. I wouldn't want to get out over the tips of my skis on that and predict a whole lot faster or higher. Right now, I'm happy that it's stable and headed north. 
Miles White: Got it. Got it. Yes. Okay. So let me go back to your first question about the -- we previously said $50 million to $100 million of sales in year 1 seemed reasonable and so forth. Absolutely. And we'll be at the higher end of that range and we're tracking that way now. And it's very early in the year as you know, so yes, I have no concern about that at all. And let's just say, we're ahead of our expectations here. And you can see that in the growth rates and the numbers and the patient acquisition rates and so forth. I think we'll go out at the end of this year, $1 billion or more on run rate and 1 million patients or more. In fact, I think we're going to have well over 1 million patients at that point because our patient acquisition rate right now is pretty steady and rising. So yes, I think all of that is pretty reasonable. I'd validate that for you. And then with regard to pipeline, the product improvements and so forth, yes. I mean, as you know, we've got a pediatric claim in Europe. We'll have that in the U.S., that'll file this year. There's improvements, alarms and so forth that will be -- that's coming. I'm trying to think of all the things coming. But I would just say, yes, there's plenty coming and other dimensions of it in -- coming out of R&D that we'll have announcements for this year and next year. So there's a steady cadence of improvements, variations, claims, et cetera, in the product going forward that I think keep this going for a long time. 
Miles White: Yes. I'm just the making notes so I can remember all that okay. All right. I'll start with Alere. Yes. I'll tell you what, I'm really pleased with our management team. We've -- I'd say the integration, the bulk of hard work of the integration of that and St. Jude is pretty well complete. I mean, there's a lot of things we'll keep improving in both businesses over time, investments we want to make and so forth, but I think the notion of making it part of the company, getting everything under control, getting a management team established, getting strategies and directions established and so forth, that's all gone exceptionally well. We're on track with all our synergies. I think we've benefited. We've -- it's been a blessing there's been a particularly strong flu season. And a big chunk of Alere's business, probably 15% or so, Alere sales is seasonal and somewhat dependent on things like the flu season, it's not the flu season in particular. So we saw an obvious upshoot in our flu-related and strep-related testing and so forth from late fall into the winter, and that's clearly reflected in the numbers. That will vary from year-to-year depending on morbidity and the flu season and so forth. But some years it will probably be lighter. But this year it was particularly strong and that was a big plus. Now underlying that interestingly enough, as we've told you, and we think they have a lot of good product lines that were undermarketed. We've had increasing success with a number of those product lines and strategies. One of the things that's on our radar screen that we're working at and we want to put a lot more money into R&D, product refreshments, product improvements, that sort of stuff. That's a multiyear thing. That's not going to be next quarter kind of evidence. But I think we've got our hands around the commercial opportunities, there's places where we see room for correction, improvement, et cetera. But I think we've got the management team stabilized. I think it's financially stabilized. I think the uptick in sales, while largely driven in this particular period by the flu season, there's also underlying improvements in key product lines and key sales that I think are going really well that we're pretty, pretty happy about. Then Alinity... 
Miles White: Alinity. We've taken some pretty deliberate steps to dramatically tip up our launch activity. The -- with these large systems and their multitest menus, it's really important to have full or nearly full menus at launch because customers when they switch over a lab or switch over given instruments and so forth, want to be able to switch all the tests on that product and not to have to run 2 different systems and so forth. And we're sort of hitting stride now on the completion or breadth of the menu offerings, particularly Europe, U.S. is coming along, et cetera. Our blood screening system, Alinity s, has a full menu, that's up. So we've got some pretty ambitious plans about not only conversion of the existing install base, but share capture and account capture. I would say about 15% of accounts come up for renewal or contracting each year. So this will be a fairly steady multiyear rollout and trend. But if I -- I track things like our prospect list or prospect bank, how many prospects, how many actively in the sales process, what's our win rate with existing accounts, what's our win rate with new accounts and I'd say, the magnitude of the prospect banks and accounts that we're in has increased about sixfold. And our win rate in our existing accounts is extremely high, up in the -- well over 90% category, which you'd expect because we've got happy customers and they're always easier to sell to than new ones. But our win rate in new accounts is quite high also. And so that's been pretty gratifying. And that's -- so far, Europe [ end ] is evidence. And so we're investing in expansion of sales force and expansion of installation, service teams, expansion of support. It's well underway and it's going well. So we're pleased. 
Miles White: Yes. In terms of debt, we paid down $6 billion already this year, it's April. And we -- I'd say we expect to pay down another $2 billion before year-end. And cash flows are strong. We've paid a lot of attention to that because it is our intent to bring our debt down. As you know, when we completed these 2 acquisitions, we had about $28 billion in gross debt, and we're already at $22 billion and we'll be $20 billion or a little lower at year-end. That will put us at about 2x net debt-to-EBITDA ratio, not 1.5, but 2. And I still think that's pretty healthy, and it's a pretty rapid rate of pay down on the debt. So the -- do you start to change your capital priorities at that point? As -- I can tell you right now, we think the dividend is important for a category of our investors, and we like to target our dividend in 40% of EPS to maybe a little more than 40% of EPS range, 40% to 45% of earnings. And we like to maintain that range and we've been steadily raising the dividend. And I think that remains a priority. Obviously, debt pay down remains a priority. But we're in a -- we're getting rapidly to a very healthy range and healthy balance. Would we keep paying down debt? We would. And yet I think to answer your point, will we have capacity if we choose to? We would. But I would tell you right now, that's not my priority. And we're not looking at M&A. We're not looking at anything. It's not in our priority list just now. I do want to keep paying down debt, do want to pay a healthy dividend. And frankly, we've got some organic capital opportunities here internally both between the launch of Alinity and the capacity expansion with Libre that are worthwhile. And I don't see that impinging on us so much that it squeezes us. We have the flexibility you refer to. And of course, as we get into '19, we clearly have flexibility. But right now, I don't feel constrained, but I also don't have anything on the radar screen that I'm particularly interested in pursuing because we've got so much organic growth opportunity as it is. And I'm feeling pretty good about the debt balance, feeling pretty good about the ability to fund our internal needs, our dividend, all of those things. We're in a good spot. 
Miles White: Rick, I don't have an investment at Abbott that doesn't think they can use more money or a business at Abbott. It's actually a good problem to have. They all believe with more sales and marketing expense and resources that they can expand faster, run faster, et cetera. And of course, there's always kind of a prudent balance to that. But I'd say we're kind of lucky. We've got a lot of things that are launching, a lot of new product opportunities and we've got some market expansion opportunities in EPD and so forth. So -- and the combination of it is, adding sales reps, adding service and support and increasing our penetration in a number of places. So we're very fortunate I think with Libre in particular that it's not as sales and marketing intensive from an expense standpoint as you might think. We get a lot of benefits. It's extremely, let's say, productive, what I'll call the digital world, social media world, et cetera, the places that I think would benefit from a lot more resource. Obviously, there's various device areas that would, but you also got -- make sure you've got the product ready to go and so forth. So we've got a nice steady pipeline. I'd like to put more money behind it. And Nutrition, it depends. It's dependent on given countries and given channels. It's more selective. Would I put more money behind it? Yes, I think so. I think our spend rate could stand to improve in some areas of Nutrition. I think it could stand to improve in EPD. If I put more behind Libre, I don't know. I mean, the growth rate right now is pretty hefty. So the good news is we're always going to be in this balance between how much we beat earnings by and how much we feedback into the business. And what I've tried to do over the years is find the balance there, a balance for the investor and a balance for the business to keep sustaining it and keep up with it. We watch on a percent of sales basis and where our opportunities are. I think right now, I'm going to put a lot more into Alinity. And because I think that clearly gets a bit of a boost and it's labor intensive. So I know that's a bit of a ramble, but the good news is I don't have a problem figuring out where to put money. It's a bigger challenge at making sure I always keep the balance between what the investor would like to see and what we keep plowing back into the business because I know you guys want to see sustained growth. I'm confident we have sustained growth and then it's just a question on how hard to push on the gas pedal. 
Miles White: Yes. Thanks for the question. The business can grow. And you're exactly right, that's a tale of 2 different situations, the de novo and the replacement. We're doing very well in de novo, to be honest. And that's pretty gratifying. And it's a little slower in replacement for a reason that some of that got pulled forward when there was a battery issue a couple of years ago. So a lot of that replacement got pulled forward. So it's a little bit out of the sync of the normal rate of sales that come from replacement versus sales that come from de novo. So I do think that's kind of a temporary phenomenon while we move out of that zone. But the de novo side is quite robust, and I'm pretty happy about that. So as we move forward, do I think this business grows more than 1% or 2%? I think it can. So -- and I think we see that evidence and we've given that attention. I also think we've got a lot of opportunity in Electrophysiology. I mean, there's parts of this business that whether it's stents or CRM, they're lower growth rates because they're mature and established markets. And you say to yourself, can you grow these at a little healthier growth rate than 1% or 2%? In both cases, yes. Our Vascular business was slower this quarter. We lost a couple of share points in the United States over the last few quarters. And yet with the approval and launch of XIENCE SIERRA in the United States, I think that changes. So we've got plans. You run your more legacy and mature businesses one way and your new product launches another way, but you can't ignore the large, established positions you've got in CRM and stents and so forth. And we're not, we're not. It does go up and down with different competitive launches or improvements and so forth from time to time. It pulses a little here and there. But we believe we can drive CRM and our vascular stent business at better rates than we see right now. The CRM numbers you see are exactly the anomaly you called out between de novo and replacement. 
Miles White: Let me take that one first. No, it's not recovering sooner than I expected. I expected it earlier than this. But I'm glad that it is it stabilized now. I think we expected stability much sooner than this. But we're there now. So I think we've got a reasonably stable predictable market. Are we doing as well as we'd like? Well, we'll see that over time here. We're doing better, but I'd like to do better than better. So there's still room to go to improve performance and improve share gain, improve channel shift and so on. But yes, I wouldn't tell you that this is ahead of my expectations or whatever because mine may have been running a little ahead of where we are. Then with regard to production in China, I hate to disabuse you of this notion, but we do produce in China. And we do bring product to the U.S. from China. And that happened because Alere produced a lot in China or at least a reasonable amount. So what we manufacture in China that is exported from China or imported to the U.S. is almost entirely diagnostic products in the Alere acquisition. And so there could be some impact financially on that if something were to happen from a tariff standpoint. We have done that analysis. And ironically, we've got a lot of business in China. We export a lot to China. We do manufacture infant nutrition in China as it is. So we've got a balance. We've got a balance of things that we manufacture, import, export, et cetera. When we net out the impact of potential tariffs, the tariffs we might experience exporting to China or into China are minimal. The tariffs we would experience coming back to the U.S. from products manufactured in China are where the impact would be. And I would say that based on everything I've seen so far, total magnitude of impact on us if it were to happen at all, about $0.01. And so we think we've got a highly manageable circumstance if what we've seen and estimated and the degree of tariff, tariff rates, products they apply it to and so forth, about $0.01. And so I put that in the category of I'm always solving for $0.01 somewhere. So that's a manageable outcome. 
