Richard A. Gonzalez: I think, if you look at our business over the next 3 or 4 years, your perspective on it is correct. We're going to go through a transition period where we're going to have relatively flat to slightly down top line for the next couple of years driven by the loss of exclusivity primarily on our dyslipidemia franchise, and then the underlying emerging growth that we continue to see out of HUMIRA offsets the majority of that. Going forward, we anticipate that HUMIRA will continue to drive growth. Those markets are still areas where we can continue to drive penetration. As you know, the penetration rates, really, across all 3 segments are relatively low and we continue to see uptake of these kinds of products going forward as we expand into more and more patients and we expand geographically. Starting in roughly 2015, you'll start to see the emergence of our pipeline going forward and you'll see top line start to accelerate particularly in the second half of '15. From a margin standpoint, we still have opportunity to be able to improve margins between now and then, gross margins, and we continue to work on operational improvements. There'll be some mix improvement over time, although some of that will be offset by the loss of exclusivity of some products that also have relatively high margins so there'll be a little bit of a mixed bag there. But I think, generally speaking, we're focused on operational improvements in those areas. From an SG&A and an R&D standpoint, as I said in my comments, we have a strong late-stage pipeline. We have a number of assets that are in our mid-stage pipeline that we believe have compelling-enough data, that they will likely be able to advance into Phase III. This is an innovation-driven business. We're certainly going to drive everything that we have that we think could be successful, going forward. So we have a commitment to be able to support R&D at a level that's appropriate, based on those programs that advance. As I indicated, I think, for 2013, you should be assuming in the range of about 14%. On the SG&A front, I'd tell you that, in general, both R&D and SG&A, based on what we know about the industry, we're one of the most efficient operating models. And I think we operate very efficiently in the SG&A area. We're always careful about how we build infrastructure and make sure that we're as lean as possible but yet effective. And so that's an area that we always focus on, and it's sort of an Abbott tradition and we plan on continuing that as part of AbbVie. On the tofa front, I think our read in the U.S. is consistent with what you described, I think, based on the label, that we would anticipate -- on the data that we've seen publicly, we would expect it to be third line. We've anticipated both in our planning process. Essentially, I think, I believe that ultimately, if it comes out behind TNFs, based on the profile, we feel very, very comfortable with how HUMIRA will perform against it. Even if it came out with second line, I think we feel very comfortable with how HUMIRA will perform against tofa. And so we're obviously doing a lot of work in that area. We've done a tremendous amount of market research to understand the positioning of that product and how HUMIRA stacks up against it and we feel confident with how HUMIRA will perform going forward. I think that was everything.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. So Glenn, on the growth rate in the third quarter, there were essentially 2 tenders that moved between quarters. One moved out into fourth quarter, one moved back into second quarter. If you essentially adjust for those changes, HUMIRA is continuing to run about mid-teens, so there isn't any material impact on HUMIRA. Having said that, clearly, the impact across everyone's business in Europe is being felt with some of the austerity measures that are being taken. I wouldn't say that we feel differently than we felt for the last couple of years. 2010, from a price standpoint, was probably the most difficult year, the most challenging year. If you look at this year, it's in that range but slightly below that from a price erosion standpoint. What we modeled for '13 is close to 2010, so we're planning in that range. But it hasn't had a material impact on the performance of HUMIRA going forward and we don't expect that, going forward. As far as biosimilar competition in 2017 or 2018, which is what you're talking about, obviously, we spend a lot of time working on that strategy. You have to remember that, beyond just the molecule patents, there are a number of process patents that will be important in the process and a number of other things that we continue to look at. And as you know, if you look at biosimilars, it's a very different ballgame from small molecules. We do not believe that it will be an interchangeable kind of or a substitutable kind of product. And they will have to sell based on their own data if and when they come to market. And we believe that HUMIRA's track record will stack up nicely against them. And so it certainly will have an impact, we recognize that, but we think it's a manageable impact and we believe we have a number of strategies to be able to protect HUMIRA going forward...
Richard A. Gonzalez: You should assume some biosimilar activity, based on some entering the market around 2017, 2018, correct.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Let me start with ritonavir, and there's obviously been a lot of questions around ritonavir. I think it's important to recognize that the dose of ritonavir in the HCV cocktail, or in the PI [ph] specifically, is 1/12 the dose -- the labeled dose in ritonavir. So we have not seen any of the side effect profile that people talk about, like GI side effects, lipid profile side effects, in any of the clinical trials. And we've now done a substantial number of patients, as you know. The tolerability in the trial had less than a 2% discontinuation rate and a very low rate of any kind of drug-to-drug interactions. So we don't -- everyone can talk about ritonavir, and obviously, our competitors are talking about it. The reality is the data speaks for itself, and you're going to get a chance to see the data. And a patient doesn't know or a physician doesn't really care whether it has ritonavir in it or not. What they care about is high cure rates, tolerability and ease of use of the protocol, right? And I think, in those fronts, based on the data that we've seen thus far, we're pretty confident about what we have. And I think the data will play out over time. We'll do our Phase III trials. It will be an even larger cohort of patients, and we'll have an opportunity to see that. But there's nothing in this data -- and I can tell you we have been through this data very, very carefully. There is nothing in this data that concerns me, from a tolerability standpoint, with ritonavir. Now I -- oh, the nulls. The null performance is very, very impressive. And as you know, it's -- we haven't seen anything from any other product that even comes close to this level of performance. The way we calculate nulls -- and we spent some time looking at this. It would suggest to us that nulls alone are somewhere around a $2.5 billion to $3 billion opportunity, so they're a pretty sizable opportunity. And obviously, the market will continue to grow as more and more therapies come out there. So we believe that could be a very significant differentiating factor for our therapy. We'll have to see how other data that comes out over the course of time, but certainly, 93% performance in null-responding patients is something that the industry has not seen before.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. As far as the nulls are concerned, it is without cirrhotics, that is correct. We're going to do a cirrhotic trial now. So it's nulls without cirrhotics. As far as the timing, you heard the comment correct. We do anticipate that if we hit the window of early 2015, based on how we've modeled out time lines for competitive products, it would suggest to us that, that could be the first product to enter the market for genotype 1. There may be products that enter the market for genotype 2 and 3 prior to that, in fact I think there could be in all likelihood, products that enter the market after that. Now, that's based on a set of assumptions that we're making that essentially are based on our competitive intelligence of how long we think trials would take to be able to start up. I can tell you, all of this recognized, that this will be a race to get to market. And we anticipate early in 2015 is the time frame that we should be able to hit. And based on what we know today, we're assuming that, that would be first to market. But we'll have to see how it plays out over time.
Thomas C. Freyman: Mike, this is Tom. I -- as we did describe in our comments, those were the 2 kind of transitional factors that masked the real growth rate of new Abbott. I'd say, each of those, on average -- Promus is probably in the 1.5% range and the direct distribution is closer to -- approaching 1%. So I -- if you adjust for those, we did have growth more in that 4% range. And as I mentioned in my remarks, if you look at the...
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, new Abbott. And as I mentioned in my remarks, if you look at our year-to-date adjusted for those items, we're in the mid-single-digit range. So that gives you a feel. Clearly, we expect, particularly in the nutrition area with -- when these direct distribution plans are completed, that that's going to be a really nice acceleration in growth next year and will be a big part of our ability to move this growth rate up from what you're seeing this year in new Abbott.
Thomas C. Freyman: Mike, I think the key thing here is, and it's really the point we've been making from the very first day we talked about this. These are very different businesses going forward, and they're operating independently. And AbbVie -- a lot of the cash flow historically has been efficient capital that we've been able to deploy to a lot of opportunities that have really helped the overall Abbott portfolio and performance. And going forward, as separate companies, AbbVie is much more focused on returns. And it's essential that a dividend gets set at an appropriate level, particularly given the focus on yields that investors have on these stocks these days. So making that a big priority for that company, it was important to rethink the balancing of the cash flows and what would be an appropriate, sustainable level going forward. Obviously, we're -- we continue to be hopeful that, over time, Washington will continue to focus on this area. It could provide additional opportunities for both companies if we move to a more competitive tax system. But the rate at which AbbVie will be starting its existence is a very good sustainable rate given that the profile of the business, the expectations of the investors and what the future holds, as opposed to what was appropriate in the past.
Thomas C. Freyman: As Miles -- Mike, as Miles indicated, it's been a process since last October to provide additional information to investors as we get closer to the point at which investors are going to separately value these stocks, and today is a big step in that regard. Obviously, we're going to be talking to people about the companies as we get out and talk to investors over the next couple of months. And it's important that they have this information and understand the rationale and that it really sets AbbVie up to be very well positioned for its objectives.
Thomas C. Freyman: Sure. This is Tom. As you've seen from Abbott's performance over the years, certainly within a year, currency has been a little bit less impactful to us than maybe some other companies. And it really is a function kind of the way things flow through our business. As you know, sales, when currency moves, that's an immediate impact whereas the impact on cost to sales kind of -- tends to lag through the inventory process. And we've had quite a bit of that this year and some of that is going to carry into next year. And so I'd say, as we've been saying all along on the quarters with the favorability of exchange that we've been pointing out in the gross margin improvement, some of that was a bit transitional this year and it's going to flip back a little bit the other way next year. So I just think it's normalizing. And if you look at underlying, what's really going on in these businesses, it's very quite positive, as we've talked about, in terms of improving the gross margins fundamentally. And I think, once we get through this one-time adjustment, if you will, of getting the margin back to a more normalized level, you'll be able to see the growth of that margin, as we've been talking about.
Thomas C. Freyman: I guess I'd just say that, really, the items we noted on the distributor changes are the kind of the drag on what one might expect. And we do expect in the fourth quarter upper-single growth in this business. So you're going to see a better rate, we believe, in the fourth quarter, and we think it's even got better potential in 2013. So I think, once we get through this transition, you will feel confident that those types of growth rates are possible for this business and we plan to deliver on them.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, certainly, in the quarter, and then -- and we said this in the October meeting last year and throughout, emerging markets is much more a part of the story and a much more important part of the growth opportunity on the Abbott side. And in fact, in the quarter, even though overall company grew double digits, it was stronger on the Abbott side and a little bit below that on the AbbVie side. So it clearly is a more important part of the story now. That said, I think, AbbVie, and we've said this also, does see opportunities there. And I think somewhere in the range of $1 billion of growth in emerging markets over the 5-year period is still a part of their story. But clearly, the performance is much -- was better in the quarter on the Abbott side and really is a bigger part of the story. The other thing I would say is some of the tenders that Rick talked about when he was talking about HUMIRA also tended to dampen down AbbVie in the third quarter, and I think that is a bit transitional.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, I mean, both companies do anticipate continuing their share repurchase programs. As you are aware, Abbott's been more active this year than we have been in the last couple. And the specific of that, each company is going to have to talk about it at future dates.
Miles D. White: Mike, this is Miles. The one thing I'd say that's clear to us as we've gone through the separation: When you split 2 businesses that do look very different from a profile standpoint and a return standpoint or, frankly, the expectations of investors. One thing I've noted is some analysts and some investors are pretty good at projecting what they think each business will look like, but what we don't want is for an analyst to have to guess on a lot of the parameters that help them model the business because it's so much a part of how they'll value the businesses and so forth. So our intent, both with the amendments to the Form 10 and to the additional information we put out today, isn't to surprise but frankly to take out uncertainty where there's wide ranges of assumptions whether it be about interest rates or interest costs or, frankly, dis-synergies in transition costs or the costs of running a company separately and so forth. And if there's different -- if there's changes, like tax rate, in the structure of the P&L of the company, we want you to know what those things are so you can model. And there's a time when we know that, there's a time when we can finally give clarity to analysts and investors about those things. And when you put them all together, it's our intent to try to take out the -- or the difficulty of modeling each company separately for you and other analysts and investors. But other than that, I think it's just new information today that, frankly, so many of you have been asking for to give you more ability to know what they're going to look like.
Miles D. White: Rajeev, this is Miles. I would just add to that the following, by way of background explanation. One of the reasons that exchange doesn't translate from the top line to our bottom line as much as it may in other companies, and other companies frankly do the same thing, we try to put our cost base, our manufacturing, et cetera, also in the same markets where we may experience exchange fluctuation in sales and top line because there's a natural hedge there in cost, et cetera. So for example, over time, to the extent that costs and manufacturing and other things are in some of the growth markets where we are growing and we are putting our plants there, et cetera, for the products that we will sell there, there's a natural hedging there that helps mitigate the top line impact of exchange down to the bottom line. So some years, that's a plus for us on the margin line. For this -- for example, this year, while the -- while the top line is experiencing negative exchange, the gross margin line is experiencing positive exchange. Important to point out, though, that on that gross margin line, it's not all exchange. It -- there's a big chunk of that improvement in the gross margin line that is actually actions taken to improve our cost structures or mix and whatever the case may be. So if exchange improves on the top line next year, as Tom says, that'll have a dampening effect on the continued improvement of gross margin. But we expect to continue to improve, from our own actions, the gross margin line. It just won't benefit from an extra boost from exchange, so it's kind of a mitigated thing both ways. If -- at the end of the day, what we're looking to do in the way we structure our own approach to exchange is to mitigate its volatility on the bottom line.
Miles D. White: I mean, you asked if there's an underlying fundamental downshift in some way, not that we see, no. No, we're not looking at that or expecting that.
Miles D. White: Larry, I'd say this. There's no difference in our long-term goals at all, or even our long-term expectations. I think there's a number of things that are different now than last year but only relatively speaking. So for example, I'd say, right now, in 2013, I'm looking for mid- to high single digits. And I think, at that meeting last year, I distinctly remember at least one of you, if not a couple of you, were more cautious about economy, et cetera, going forward, and you proved to be right. I'd say, right now, the difference in my outlook is more about market conditions than anything else and how slow a recovery in a number of markets around the world will come. I think that the biggest change that I see is slower market growth rates in emerging markets. But I'm cautious about how I describe that because, when people in general look at China, and this is any company that's doing business in China today, not necessarily in health care and medical products, people say, "Gee, the Chinese market's really slowed. It was at 9%, now it's at 7%." Well, slow is a relative term. 7% looks pretty attractive, as a matter of generality, compared to developed markets and a lot of developing markets. But I'd say that the underlying market growth rates in a number of the economies around the world are slower, particularly in emerging markets, than we might have originally expected, and I think all industries are experiencing that right now. And then, who knows whether these things will recover as fast as everybody would like or not. The whole world now is pretty interlocked so that, if the developed markets are slow, it does roll back into a number of the developing or emerging or growth markets. So single biggest difference, I think, in our outlook is the underlying market growth rates or expansion rates, which I think, in relative terms, is a more near-term thing than a long-term thing. I think all those markets overseas that we view as growth markets are growth markets for the long term, and my expectations are high-single-digit top line for the long term and mid to high in the nearer term. Our goals haven't changed, but we just -- we have to be realistic about the underlying market conditions. Our objective is to do better than market in any circumstance so that we're growing and gaining share, et cetera, in our targeted geographies and targeted segments of the business. So I'd say there's no change to my expectations. There's a change to my assumptions about the conditions in which we operate. That affects exchange too, although we all understand exchange. I mean, I think the biggest change or surprise to my own expectations for the year was the exchange impact from growth markets. Historically, with AbbVie as part of Abbott, Europe is a huge part of exchange for us. That's less true for new Abbott going forward. It's much more a market basket of a lot of currencies around the world, which is different, and a lot of those currencies have performed differently this year. So I think a lot of this is adjustment to conditions. And frankly, I think our underlying expectations, which are generally driven by our own performance, the new products we bring to market, the share we gain, the market opportunities we access, I have -- there's no change in my expectations about those.
Miles D. White: Well, I think -- I don't know what the other company said this morning, Danielle, but we are seeing a definite pressure on PCI volumes, or procedure volumes and so forth and procedure rates. The -- what we see -- and I think it depends on what geographies you're in. For us, the pressures in Europe are somewhat offset by the growth in procedures in developing markets or growth markets, other markets. But I think, for some time, at least for the near term, we can expect to see some continued pressure on Europe, perhaps the U.S.
