Robert Ford: Sure. Like I said in my opening comments, we completed the trial. There's a six month follow-up, Larry. That means that, we will be on target here to file for CE mark by the end of this year. Then, it's just going to depend on that process. I think that's probably our anchor point here is getting the filing in before the end of the year. Yes, I mean, I'm not surprised by our EP growth. I know many on the call might be, but I'm not surprised. First of all, it's an important therapy. It's an underpenetrated disease. We know there's plenty of growth in this segment, and as a result of that, it's highly competitive. But we haven't been surprised by the growth. If you look at PFA, it's been in Europe for three years. If you average our growth rate over those last three years in Europe, we've been growing mid-teens, and the growth, it remains broad base. It was broad based in Europe, again, this quarter where we saw double-digit growth in ablation catheters. Not just on the mapping side, on the ablation catheter side also but then also great growth on the mapping side, and this technology has now come to the U.S. I think we probably had maybe two months of seeing the technology be rolled out here in the U.S. I think the competitors have been very aggressive here in terms of bringing the technology to the accounts in the U.S., and I can say, we've mapped a lot of those cases, Larry. I'm not going to say we've been in every single case, but I'd say, a vast majority of the cases we've been in there. And there are some similarities to Europe, but there are some differences to Europe. I think one of the things that we saw in Europe was that there was this inclination to use the technology starting off as kind of a one shot. So that had an impact more on the CRYO business than I would say on the RF side. And that's what we saw in our mapping cases. We saw here, at least in the first couple of months, that's where a large portion of those cases occurred, at least the ones that we mapped were in places where they were traditionally used in CRYO. I think the difference that we saw a little bit in Europe is that at least 90% of the cases that we were part of direct or indirectly were using mapping that that number was lower in Europe. So that's probably a little bit of the difference I saw here in the U.S., and that bodes well for us. Our end site system, our mapping system, our mapping catheters are widely viewed as an excellent option here for mapping these PFA cases. We have a large install base. Customers are familiar with it. Don't need a make room, don't need a fight for capital. We've got best in class clinical support. And the architecture here is open, as I've said in previous calls. So it integrates well with these PFA catheters. We actually recently released a software upgrade last month that provides even better visualization to these catheters and potential for faster procedures and less floor time. I think this is a perfect combination, quite frankly, in a time where there's going to be market transition, There's a lot of new products, there's a lot of choices. And when you have a situation like that, I think flexibility is key, and that's what we heard from our customers. One data point that I thought was also interesting to your question of what helped drive that in the cases that we were part of, and we saw, we also observed that an RF catheter was pulled in about a quarter of the cases that we saw. So on top of the PFA catheter, an RF catheter was pulled to do touchups, et cetera. I'd say right now, everything that we've seen in Europe on the positive side is happening. And then I think there's some interesting dynamics here in the U.S. that could be favorable for us also, but it's still very early. If I look at March, we had probably one of our most, we look at cases per day. That was probably one of our highest months. So far so good. And we're excited about the technology, we're excited about our program. We released data on our program and some recent medical meetings that occurred. And the feedback, from those that have been used in our product are very positive. And the integration with EnSite in including like the tissue contact force algorithm and the visualization, all of that is seen as a real promise and a differentiator versus what's being used today.
Robert Ford: On your international question, I mean, it's always difficult to forecast exactly by month a quarter coverage kind of payment decisions. I can tell you though that the team has a full global map of all the work that's being done regarding clinical information and negotiations, et cetera. It's difficult to kind of forecast it, but what I have said is on previous calls and on some of my prepared remarks that I think you're going to see this just this build that will be occurring globally in the market as the data proves and shows the clinical medical and health economic benefit by reimbursing for this patient population. And I think we're well positioned there. Internationally, I think we got some pretty large markets already. Canada, Japan, France, Italy, Germany, those are markets that are either fully reimbursed or starting their process. And like I said, I think you will see as the year progresses, whether it's in medical events or just as the year progresses, I think you'll see more coverage decisions. Maybe they don't get splashy, big PR news, but we are seeing continuous increasing there on that. On the U.S. side, I guess I disagree with your premise that I'm going to be trading share gains on the pump side for share losses on the non-insulin side. I mean, I'm just, right now I'm looking at the data, third party audited data, 7 out of every 10 new prescriptions for this basal population, which is primarily served by the primary care channel, 7 out of 10 are going to Libre. I think our product's going to get even more competitive and compelling, I think this is a great opportunity and our objective here is to maintain kind of our shared dominance and our share leadership as it results in this patient segment. But we do have an opportunity here to participate a little bit more actively in what is a little bit more of a smaller segment of the population, but nonetheless a very important one, which is the AID and the market system. There's 150,000 to 200,000 new starts a year. There's an opportunity for share gain also of existing users. I think that, the opportunity to bring a dual analyte sensor with ketones. We showed some data at ATTD this year, that showed the safety benefit or the value proposition of a dual analyte sensor for AID system. I think that's going to be a compelling value proposition. We are working with all the pump companies here and I think as the year progresses, we'll see connectivity occur whether it's with Libre 2 Plus our streaming product or whether it's with Libre 3. This is an area that we are focusing on and it's a new segment for us to compete in. But I don't think that, we are going to be taking our eye off the ball as it relates to the basal opportunity that exists.
Robert Ford: I'm not going to comment on our pricing strategy for competitive reasons. It is a differentiated and novel technology. There is an opportunity, but we'll have to see how this all plays out. You got NTAP submissions and all this stuff going on right now. What we are focused on here is, launching the product and getting cases ramped up and that's what's happening. I got some feedback yesterday from the team after a couple of weeks, real nice cadence of growth. We are obviously focusing on our initial cases on most of the account that were part of our pivotal trial, but just but just real nice cadence growth there and great feedback from physicians and patients post-surgery. I mean, if you're trying to poke at, what's the breakdown going to be about replace and repair, listen, I think it's good to have options. I guess my view here is that, I believe that, probably safety is a key driver here, just to start off with. I think TriClip has shown a very strong excellent safety record, both in clinical trials and real world use. I think that's going to play a key role here in determining repair versus replace. I expect repair or TriClip at least to be the preferred option unless the valves are too damaged and then obviously replacement is the only option. But there is a large pool of patients here. You got 5 million people globally, 2 million people here in the U.S. and it's going to be an opportunity here that we will be generating more data, expand the indication of the product. I think this is easily a $1 billion opportunity for us here as we build the capabilities and as we build more clinical data.
Robert Ford: I think that's a good cadence. I think we're forecasting here about 70 basis points of improvement this year. Feel good about that. I've talked about this not being a question of if, just a question of when, so I think that's not a bad cadence. And we're going to focus on the things that we can control and the things that we can control are obviously our cost and our cost teams and the teams that are working on improving gross margin, they're delivering great results here, while at the same time maintaining high service levels not running to back orders, et cetera. But probably the biggest the biggest opportunity we have here Travis, is just to expand the gross margin through portfolio mix. When you have our medical device businesses growing at mid-teens consistently over the last, whatever, four or five quarters, that has a real strong impact on our gross margin. So a lot of focus on what we control our gross margin, the cadence. That's what we are targeting. It's not really a question of if it's just a question of when.
Robert Ford: Sure. On the point of care concussion test, I guess I'd summarize the opportunity here in twofold. I think there's a market conversion component to this, Joanne. I mentioned there are 5 million ER visits to diagnose a concussion. The number one method there to use that is on a CT scan. I think there's an opportunity here to transform that and allow one to get a faster response in that emergency kind of emergency room visit, which is where the -- and the point of care team already have a good position with some of our other blood gas and other assays that we provide to that segment. I think this will slide right into that team. The value proposition here is going to be, okay, what's the cost of the system and can we bend that cost curve. I think we've shown a little bit how we think about things Joanne, if you look at Libre, if you look at Binax, if you look at how we think about pricing our products, when it comes to market conversion and the opportunities that we have there? We'll be able to do it at a nice return for our shareholders. I think that's an important part. The market expansion opportunity that we have, I think is going to still require some work on the product. Right now the product is approved whole blood, but it's a venous draw. We're going to be working on a capillary draw and if you can then run this assay, taking a sample from a finger prick, then you can look at bringing that technology even closer to where the need for a rapid concussion test would be. You could just look at how many universities exist in this country, how many high schools exist in this country? You can do some multiplications there and say, this is a great market creation, market expansion opportunity. I think that that's how we're thinking about it commercially, conversion and creation slash expansion. There's some more work to be done in terms of the product and the claims and the trials there. This will be a multi-year kind of program over here where we'll start to see kind of nice growth in that segment. And then your other question was about the portfolio and balance sheet. And do we like the four segments? The answer to that is yes, we like all the four segments. We feel that it gives us a real unique view into the healthcare system as a whole starting with nutrition that's obviously the bedrock of good health. But then, things happen and you need to get a diagnosis. And we've got a great diagnostic portfolio that we've been expanding on and building on to make sure that we can capitalize on all the different types of modalities and locations where people can get tested. And then, once a physician knows what the problem is, then they got to run through treatment, right? And we do that either through a medicines business or through a medical device business. I think all four segments are super well aligned to the global demographics and trends in healthcare. And so we like that there's always opportunities to add, and we've shown that if there are areas that we feel that we can bring value in a combination then as you mentioned we've got a strong balance sheet and strategic flexibility to do that. As long as we feel that we can add value to that asset. We felt like that about CSI, we felt like that about St. Jude. We felt like that about Alere. And those deals, they obviously help kind of reshape the company and accelerate our growth rates. But I think that's predicated on us really believing that we can kind of bring value and we're not trying to fill some top line gap or some issues. ROIC for us matters, profitability matters. We've got opportunities and we could be a little bit more selective to be able to add, but I like the four segments that we're in. And they've been well to shareholders, especially the long-term shareholders.
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean I didn't want my comments on mitral to be construed like that 1 there is slowing down, and we're relying on others to drive the growth. I mean, that wasn't the intent. If you look at MitraClip this quarter, it's high single digits. And if you look at the last 5 quarters, that's what it's been doing between high single-digits, low double-digits. And that's good. But we always had a view here that this is an attractive area of growth, an attractive area of medical need. And we wanted to be a leader here. So yes, MitraClip, I guess we can call MitraClip, the founding father of our structural heart portfolio. But I think the team here has done an incredible job at bringing organic innovation into the portfolio. So if you look at our structural heart, I mean, we grew 13% today. MitraClip grew high single digits. But it accounted for 3% of that growth. The rest -- the other 10% came from all the rest of the portfolio that's being built. So I think that you'll continue to see that. We'll continue to make investments in this business, continue to make investments in the pipeline. I'd say right now, most of it is organic, whether it's innovating on LAA, innovating on our TAVR side and all the clinical trial that we're doing there. If there's an opportunity inorganically, I just put that in the same bucket that I think I answered kind of Joanne's question here if it makes sense. And we can add it. We've got the flexibility to do it. But the whole strategy here was to say, listen, we're going to build a multibillion-dollar structural heart business that can sustainably grow double digits. And the way to do that is you can't be a division of only 1 product. And I think the teams over the last 4 or 5 years, have done a really good job at building that and there's more opportunity. I'd say probably the one that we're looking at and is very exciting for us is mitral replacement. We've launched our Pendine product, which was more a transapical system. Our Cephea system is the transfemoral transseptal and feedback that we've seen from early implanters, early first in man is that this is a great, great valve. So there's an opportunity there also. So I'd say most organic, but we got the capacity for inorganic if it makes sense.
Robert Ford: Sure. I get the attempt for triangulation here in the multiple different ways, and I guess I'll sign a little bit boring here in terms of how I talk about this. I've been public that, yes, we are interested. We look at areas that we can add value to. I'd say, probably the ones that have jumped out more at us in terms of a study and looking at are probably more in the medical device side and on the diagnostic side. We did look at a strategy for biosimilars for our medicines business and that was a pretty capital efficient way to do it. Yes, we're looking. We continue to study, but I'm not going to sit here and telegraph exactly it's this, it's that. I think the key thing here is just, I mean, look at our medtech business did this quarter, look what it did previous four quarters and that allows me to be a little bit more selective. Over the last couple of months we've seen some fairly large transactions in the medtech space. Those seem to be attractive growth areas. I talked about us getting access to some early IVL technology with the CSI acquisition. That's an important area for us to focus on. But I don't feel that, with our strong organic growth that we need to go out and not pay attention to like other key financial metrics that for us are important in terms of ROICs and those, because we've got that strong growth rate in medtech. You won't get me telegraphing here exactly, Danielle, what specific segments we are looking at. What I can tell you is, we have an active team. They study a lot. We look a lot. We follow a lot. If there's a moment that makes sense for us and those segments continue to be interesting, we've got the balance sheet and the track record to show that, we can drive value out of these acquisitions. I'll just leave it like that. Yes, we've got flexibility, that doesn't mean that we don't pay attention to other key financial returns as we're looking at it. I feel that I can do that because we've got such a strong top-line growth and great pipeline and prospects. With that, I'll leave it like that. I'll just close by saying that, we're very pleased with a very strong start to the year. We delivered another quarter of double-digits organic sales growth on the base business. The investments that we've made during all those years of COVID are generating real strong returns. The pipeline continues to be highly productive, as I've outlined. We've got clear visibility to a pipeline all the way out to '27, '28. Obtained several new product approvals that are going to help us accelerate our growth in certain areas. Typically don't raise guidance in the first quarter, but given the strong performance and the outlook and the remainder of the year, we felt comfortable doing that and we're very well positioned to continue to sustainably deliver top tier results. With that, I'll wrap up and thank all of you for joining us today.
