Tom Freyman: I pretty much covered that in my remarks. You know, we talked about 6% based on current rates on the top line and there's about 10% headwind on our earnings growth year-over-year. Historically as I have told you that follow us know within any one year we've done a pretty good job of managing through what I call normal fluctuations in currency and really it has not affected our performance against our expectations and going forward from this point, something in the major moves have happened. We would expect something similar in 2015. I think what everyone has seen in this season is that there are limits that there are major, major moves, but I'd say anything within the normal levels of fluctuations, we continue to do what we've done in the past.
Tom Freyman: I’ll just add a couple of things recall when we announced the ETD develop market transaction, we said that the underlying growth have rate of ABT was about 2% better on a continuing operations basis and once before so certainly that is giving a little more rooms to our growth than what you might have expected. I think the other thing and it’s a really all about the manufacturing margin, there are gross margin that Miles alluded to. The last two years we have had relatively flat gross margin and what we have been saying is that has been in spite of the really strong costs improvement programs Miles talked about because the currency was hurting our gross margin, but that was because the year was strong and that was keeping our costs for that particular large manufacturing cost base up pretty high. But now the year was moving with the other currencies and the real benefit of the real actions in our manufacturing plants and our operations people are really starting to show through the gross margin now that the Euro is matching where the other currencies are going in direction line. So I think those are a couple of differences that really are the bases for our relatively stronger EPS growth rate in '15 than you might be seeing from other companies.
Tom Freyman: Yes I expect that we can maintain healthy high single digit sales growth rate and double digit bottom line growth rate that’s our intense, that’s are goal, we think that’s kind of identity and expectations of a company and so every year at every LRP, every long range plan is sort of built around the expectation of maintenance of that and we have always got sort of long term view of where we believe those growth and share opportunities are. And I say so far so good I don’t see any reason to accept less.
Tom Freyman: No I’ll just say, even as we look at 2015, where in currency side again we are looking growth rates you know 2 to 3 4X what the US is and it underscores minus points that’s where the growth is, but we do see improvements in some of our U.S. businesses in 2015. Diagnostics is continued to be a pretty good performance relative to the lower growth market and you ADC is now moving better into better territory and we do ask them to new product activity in vascular which can help you grow-up from slow growth market and things like MitraClip and Supera, and XIENCE Alpine are going to help us do a little better in that business in 2015. But the relative growth rate I just tackle with what Mile said there is no comparison and that’s why we have pursued and invested more in these higher growth markets.
Miles White: Mike, I would add to that. We may have an unusual mix of currencies relative to what multinationals, for us for example, the euro is not an impact because we just happen to have enough cost, manufacturing, and other things in Europe that it pretty much self hedges. So, as we look forward at the year, we're not more uncertain currencies might be to euro that won't affect us. We're pretty protected on that. And a rather back handed I guess bit a good fortune I don’t really accept the Rubel to impact us very much because it already did and it already impacted us pretty significantly in 2014. So when we look forward at the particular currencies that are most likely you know to be volatile or might have risk and I have no corner on crystal ball here to know what’s going to happen certainly no one would have projected any of things that happened this last year. I think that we are likely or possibly going to see volatility in FX we are in a pretty good position. And so we don’t anticipate it impacting us like a good thumb and we have already had the impact for PN and others and observe that and we are going to the year with a little bit of cushion and contingencies just in case. So I think we are probably in good places we have ever been in spite of how heavy headwind is of FX in general for all countries.
Miles White: Well I assume that course would come up at some point. My first priority is to get the deal closed and you may know that there are several concludes today, but we've had some really good news here in the last week in terms of your approval for the deal and so forth. So I expect to get that closed pretty quickly here. You know I don’t want to forecast where or what we might be looking at our considering. I do want to add that to business. I do want to add to the company in places where we either want to expand our footprint or can certainly expand the strength of our footprint you know that telegraphing where that might be, I mean as you know I don’t if telegraphs post things ahead a time and yet we have been pretty consistent at the kinds of things we are interested in. I think we got a lot of capacity and you know presuming that everything concludes properly here with our mile and transaction we have got a lot of flexibility and a lot of capacity and I think I want to make good strategic deals that are prudent. I think that a little more difficulty these days. It's not difficult to be prudent. It's difficult to find a lot of good opportunities and if it fit a lot of price tags up there have very ambitious expectation and I don’t think it has rich robust and emanating environment as we see in other years. But having said that I would like to still see plenty of opportunities for us to expand and add to the business and just question of right timing, right receptivity on the other side, great values, and finance some overlap. The good news is I think you want to really add to a sound foundation. And you know, sometimes if you do MNA to patch you know something that’s not working in the core of the company then they will always work that well and we have a lot of disintegration to get through here separating from ABT pretty much concluded get in close. We have got the same thing where we can work through on the EPD develop market business. You know your organization ready for the integration of whatever you have made do have a bigger or small it may be and I think we are in a good place were the underlying performance where all the businesses is really good. You are right there is places that I would rather see better commercial performance, but overall very stable and some organization have the other task and distractions pretty much concluded so we could not be more ready and position better with good strong balance sheet. Having said that I know it does not give you any sort of indication of where, what, and when etc, but we are obviously looking something.
Miles White: I see a lot of targets outside the US. A lot of them have a very high valuation and expectations that are you know I think a little unrealistic in some cases, but you know on the grand scheme of things that is just negotiation. I think there is a lot of I think the external next to the U.S. is in a fashion not quite target rich, but there is a lot of that can be done to expand our business and our presence in a number of key countries. I don’t rule out the U.S. I think that there is still opportunity in U.S. it's just a lot more selective and obviously financially speaking it’s a lot easier to build cash that’s outside the U.S., where there is a going to be a lot of and that’s a lot easier. You know under today’s tax regimen so it's more -- probably a more attractive environment and a lot of our monitoring and you know hunting if you will is outside the U.S. The good news is we have been in these countries outside the U.S. a long time. And we know them reasonably well. You know a lot of cases the kinds of businesses that we are interested in outside the US or family owner or family sponsored a little different environment in the U.S. or European markets, but we are comfortable there. We are comfortable navigating there. We have had a fair amount of experience there and that is a plus, plus. I think during the last couple of years we have been accomplish some pretty unique and unusual acquisitions I think it was pretty unusual particularly given that we were well into it when the Ukraine issues happened and made it more difficult and I would say, I would path CFO for us to go and back here for having the presence of mind to do this deal in Rubles. So we were not exposed to exchange on that particular deal. I think it’s a fabulous deal for us long term in Russia and that’s an important market for us and we anticipated that we did not wish for and the evaluation of Rubles we were prepared for it. So I think there is a number of places where there is opportunities for outside the U.S., but there aren’t necessarily that’s is visible to U.S. investors or U.S. analysts I know you know that, but there is a lot out there that enhances what we are trying to do with the business and what we believe the growth opportunities are where we can leverage the already existing infrastructure we have.
Miles White: I’ll make a couple of comments about it Kristen. I’ll hand it over to Tom for little more color here. First of all I think we got, we had a head start here, because with the separation of FB as we have said in past calls we took a very comprehensive look at our G&A costs and our underlying costs in manufacturing and other things across the company and we have initiatives in all of our divisions pointed at that for some time and we have had some very good success with improvement of costs and improvement of expenses in the company in a variety of ways. And I highlighted nutrition and diagnostics as to that standout where we have tremendous improvement in underlying cost structure. The unfortunate thing is that given the exchange rates that multinational have experienced from on and so forth some of that has been chewed up or at least that improvement in our costs and expense structure has protected us from erosion from exchange and it continues to. Ideally we want to keep improving those costs overtime, which we believe we can, but the biggest costs we have had, has been exchanged and I don’t think that you do see in the top line. The good news is in a lot of cases we have cost structure and our expense structure distributed among the countries where we have the high sales and profit and so it does offset to some degree the impact of exchange on the sales line. And what we will see is when it hurts the sales line it improves the gross margin. It is just offsetting so part of the improvement that you have seen in our gross margin is being in the right places when exchange so that we can mitigate the impact on our profits and we got a big head start on that two years ago when we splint. So we have been well prepared to sort of observe what's happening and it would have been our intent to have much higher earnings but in fact it has observed the impact and kept as a performance level that’s really good, but we could have hoped for more had it not been for that. Tom do you want to give some more color on that.
Miles White: Make no mistake. If weren’t all of us facing some of the currency headwinds earnings would be even stronger.
Miles White: Well its always our intent to be in that range and do better and I feel pretty good about that, I say this would caution because I would not have predicted the things that happened in the latter half of the year in 2014 and I don’t think there is many people that would have predicted what happened in 2014 toward the end of the year either in what happened with the price of oil, what happened with interest rates, what happened with exchange rates, etcetera. so that’s it all things be equal.
Miles White: Mid to high. To be clear. I am always pushing for more in reality today mid is pretty good and I can remember when mid was a disaster and today mid looks pretty good and I guess if the market, the world, all of us are doing well then everything looks good, but I think we target that range. If we steadily or in that mid to high range we are going to be targeting high. And if we are steadily in the high range we are going to be targeting double. It's going to be always wanting to do a little better than may be a lot better than what the market gives you.
Miles White: I’ll say what is coming in the US and its frankly is a good for any company around the world in any country, but here in the U.S. you are not going to get a lot of tailwind growth. So you better be prepared to innovate and slug it up for share. And you got to look it at that way that you got win, you got to be the competitor, you cannot just take a tailwind. We got keep improving our products and got to keep putting up better products and gain our share that way. The thing I am heartened by is when I look across all of our business in the vision in their R&D pipeline and the products that are bringing whether are incremental innovation or may be substantial innovation like Libre in our diabetes care business they are really good products and they really will make a difference and they really will drive share gain and growth. That actually I look forward to as a real positive here for the next two to five years as we keep bringing out more and more new products. It keeps us and makes us more competitive in markets like the US. Frankly the reverse side of that is in markets where you got a tailwind of growth. You tend be a sharp in terms of competitiveness because you are getting that tailwind growth and it’s actually a health for us to be both ways and we will get the benefit of our new products and new innovations in all markets.
Miles White: I want the foundation we have got. I like the four legged that we have that we want to describe on this four legs. We talked off and on from time to time about whether something is truly a fifth leg or whether a leg four current structure for example. A lot of people would not necessarily see the brand and generic pharmaceutical business than they are efficient business as related, but truthfully oversees they go through all the same channel, they go through the same wholesales, they go through the same retail outlet, they go through the same pharmaceutical or pharmacies and so forth. And so they are spreading they are very consumer facing in the markets and targets we focused on and so there is a lot of call it brand synergy and customer synergy and consumer synergy among them. So those are plusses for us. And we are not in - although than non nutrition business and in a way our brand of generic business we are not fully in the OTC business. But I will use it as a wide example, because, if someone brings me in a opportunity here that say, look, it’s got this - by the way, it’s got OTC, which is rejected with the OTC. Well you know I wouldn’t in some countries. Does that mean I'm looking for that in order to try to compete with P&G in the U.S., no, I'm not, but if in a country like India, where the overlap of OTX, OTC branded generic Pharma and nutrition is such, that that was a extension opportunity, it would strategically fit really well with our infrastructure in India. So I would say kind of the pen, and I think we’re much stronger when we can add to businesses we already know and already understand the operating models and know how we can leverage both the business, the brands infrastructure et cetera, much like we are -- we see it far in Latin America. I want to be cautious not to roll out opportunities that I think are long term expansions for us. I look at medical optics. When we made that acquisition number of years ago, well there was some criticism that -- gee, that's far afield for you. It isn’t, it’s not a nice strong growth drive for us what I would add to it, I would. If I see the right opportunities, and the right circumstances, so I think the related businesses here, they all have a couple of things in common. They are all in growing markets. They are all innovation driven. They are all durable. They are durable in terms of growth rates and I compare that to the funnel business that we used to be. Pharma it’s a fabulous business. If you get all the way to the finish line and launch the product, and it’s a risky business, it’s a science so risky with pharmaceuticals. And so it’s a different business model. Without the pharmaceutical business that particular pharmaceutical business which has been tremendously successful separate from Abbott, we are more of a durable growth company. A lot of people would interpret durable a number of different ways. I think at least mid to high single digit growth I think it’s not particularly volatile in terms of patterns exploration and so forth although it might benefit from IPU like our wise business doing. But it’s got a certain stability to it but also growth and innovation driven. And I think that the long term identity of Abbott has been to be growth, to be relatively reliable to be real growth and to return cash et cetera to shareholders as it grows. And that’s been the identity of the company for a long time. I think the mix of countries and products that were in delivers that identity without a lot of harsh volatility. And I think an example would be the environment we’re in right now. If we can weather 2014 and 2015 with what’s happening in the world economies and in the world markets and so forth, and deliver the results we’re delivering, I think we are absolutely living up to the identity of a very reliable durable profitable growth company. And that’s what this mix of business is, a mix of geographies does. And I think it’s a bit of unique that way. But I think that’s the intent of what we are trying to do whether there is room for a fifth or sixth leg in there, I think it depends. And I think we take our opportunities as they come, we know what we’re good at, we know what we’re not good at or don’t know about. If we’re looking at some acquisition, or business to add to the company, my first question is, can we add to it? And so we do better because it’s in our hand and I think that’s a critical threshold for us to hold ourselves to as we invest shareholder money.
Miles White: Yes, but for reasons different than just exposure to the consumer, I would say we've intentionally wanted to change the mix of the company to outsource sales and profit etcetera that wasn’t necessarily as reliant on government reimbursement. We wanted a greater mix of patient pay or consumer pay and I would rather ride with the consumer markets than ride with the volatility of say Europe where it's heavily, heavily reimbursement driven and given the economic issues that most European countries in the EU faces, you are at the whim of the next stroke of the pen to cut prices. So wanted a different mix and we wanted a different geographic mix, we wanted a different balance in how much we're reliant on payers, how much we're reliant on government and how much we're reliant on the consumer or the patient themselves. So that drove some of the choice around geography and/or business areas that we believe make up a durable growth company. We also find that the predictable growth in profitability of countries that are -- or businesses that are more patient pay is frankly more reliable than those that at least for us are susceptible to reimbursement cuts etcetera. So it doesn’t mean we don't want to in countries that are reimbursement driven, we do. It's a matter of balance. It's a matter of mix. It's a matter of timing have it but not too much.
Miles White: Okay. First of all on Libre, I am excited about the product. I think it's a great innovation a great product. I think we've had really good customer response and I guess our challenge right now is capacity expansion. And I would say that's the limiting factor for us quicker, faster, sooner than we expected and so the organizations kept the blow torch going to expand capacity because I think that product particularly as word of mouth spreads among patients is going to be very strong. I am frustrated with the pace of regulatory approval in the U.S., but nevertheless right now we know the capacity anyways. So it's open to a really good reception in Europe and I expect it's going to be a real positive product for us in that sector. On the electrophysiology front I don't want to create higher expectations there because everybody is going to tell me we're entering land of the giants and so forth. I think it's a great segment. I think there is a lot of opportunity for advancement of technology there to make a real and improved impact on the treatment of the patient. People see it as a $3 billion market today. I think it's going to be a bigger market a much bigger market over time and I think there is a lot of room for technology innovation there. We've invested in not only to play but a number of other companies from an equity standpoint to bring along and we have a long term view of how we want to play in that market which I don't want to detail here. But we're going to take a run at it and see what can be accomplished there.
Larry Biegelsen: And then the contribution from acquisitions implied in the high single-digit constant currency growth for 2015, we have about 4%.
Larry Biegelsen: Divestitures are already out of the numbers because of our continuing operation. So that should be comparable between the years.
Larry Biegelsen: Got it. Then just lastly for me, Miles, on Libre, if you could talk about your excitement for that product, how big you think it can be, and your long-term strategy in atrial fibrillation, a new market for you. I am sure people would be interested to hear your long-term strategy there. Thanks.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions, guys. Thank you, operator and thank you all for your questions and that concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 AM Central Time today on Abbott’s Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com and after 11:00 AM Central Time via telephone at 203-369-0489 pass code 5311. The audio replay will be available until 04:00 PM Central Time on Thursday, February 12. Thank you for joining us today.
