Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I think it's -- we had a very strong quarter, which gave us confidence here to be able to raise the bottom end of our forecast this year. And obviously, that momentum -- that strong momentum is going to -- will carry into 2021.   It's a little premature here, David, to kind of start talking specific about guidance. But I'd give some general comments here. I mean I expect a lot of companies will forecast double-digit growth rates going into next year. So as you think about -- a lot of you looking at 2021. But I think most of that is because they're -- a lot of them are going to be coming out of a hole, right? They're going to have a certain amount of easy comps, especially if you look at like Q2 and Q3 this year. So they're essentially kind of making up for a lost year and getting back to 2019.   We're in a very, very different position than that. We're forecasting double-digit earnings growth this year. So when we look at the trajectory that we have going into 2021, which is a trajectory of strong double-digit top and bottom line growth rates, I think that's pretty differentiated and pretty unique here because we're not coming out of that hole.  Clearly, COVID testing is going to be a driver. It's going to be a big boost for us, and I don't expect that testing to go away. But another key component of it is our core businesses continue to improve. They're trending in the right direction. And I think a key aspect of that trending in the right direction is our pipeline. Our pipeline has been highly productive. We've got over 100 new products in pipeline across all of our 4 businesses that we have planned to launch over the next couple of years.   So are there opportunities to accelerate what is already going to be double-digit top and bottom line growth rates? Yes, there'll be opportunities to be able to invest in this pipeline and accelerate the growth there. So I think we're very well positioned to go from what is a very strong year for us in 2020 to an even stronger year in 2021. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So we had just under $900 million of COVID testing this quarter. I think it was just under $100 million favorable to some of the forecast there. A lot of that was driven by our manufacturing ramp-up, our scale-up and the new products we launched. So we actually exited the quarter at a higher run rate than that. That run rate into Q4 would be around $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion of sales at that run rate.   But if I talk about COVID sustainability, I know this is a key topic here. I'd say when we talked about testing back in July earnings, I talked about the testing demand over 4 different phases: the pandemic phase, a recovery phase, a vaccine phase and a post-vaccine phase. And I shared that my view here was that a lot of the volume was still going to be in this kind of pandemic recovery phase. That even with the vaccine, you'd still get kind of more of a steady state.  But a lot of the volume was going to be coming during this pandemic and recovery phase. I still think we're in this phase right now, David, depending on what country you are or state, you're in a pandemic, you're in a recovery. And I expect that to last definitely all next year.   With the vaccine, you might see a trend of a little bit of a decrease on the PCR testing, I think, just -- and then maybe an increase in antibody testing. But I think the rapid testing is not going to go away like that. I think it's going to be around for a while just because it's easier to do, it's an easier sample, it's a faster result. So I think there's a lot of complexity here in trying to forecast whether COVID will ramp down and -- COVID testing will ramp down and when will it reach a steady state.   So I've read some reports, it's 2 years, it's 3 years. I actually think if you're thinking long term -- strategically long term, that might not be the right question because I think it misses the point on what Abbott is actually doing right now. Yes, we've developed a lot of COVID tests. We've invested in manufacturing and selling them at affordable prices. That obviously helps the economy. It helps contain the virus.  But what we're actually doing here, if you take a step back on a bigger picture, is we're actually executing on the vision that we had when we bought Alere, where we wanted to build a premier point-of-care business so that we could decentralize test, so that we could democratize test and so that we could digitize test. And if you look at what we've done with BinaxNOW, ID NOW, Panbio, I think those are perfect embodiments of that execution.  So the COVID assay itself, when will it ramp down, 2 years, 3 years, okay, it will eventually ramp down to more of like a flu state kind of business. But the installed base that we built during this period, the consumer behavior that's been created, the new channels that we've opened up with rapid testing, whether it's airports, retail stores, more physicians' offices, the app ecosystem that we're building, all that is going to remain. And it will remain for all the other assays that we currently have and that we'll be rolling out.   So I think that as we look at 2021 into 2022, it's going to be COVID testing, but it's more importantly to look, at least the way we're looking at it, is the execution of that Alere strategy, which is to build a whole new testing platform outside of the walls of a lab and a hospital. And the COVID has actually given us an opportunity to accelerate that strategy. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So yes. I mean, as I said, looking into 2021, the trajectory -- the growth trajectory is those high strong double-digit top and bottom line, Vijay. And again, I think that's going to be predicated on 2 factors, just like we spoke about it in July in the earnings call, it's going to be the continued recovery of our base business and then, obviously, our ability to ramp up COVID and COVID testing.  If you look at the businesses that were most hit by COVID, devices and core lab, so laboratory testing outside -- out of COVID, those have shown a really, really nice recovery starting in June, into July and then into the third quarter. September was actually our highest month of absolute sales in the quarter for both Medical Devices, especially in the cardiovascular area, across all areas.  We saw a little bit of a July kind of pent-up growth as the lockdown started to get reduced a little bit. We saw that growth rate in July. A lot of that was some pent-up demand. So if you look at the third quarter, I'd like to look at it -- the trajectory from August to September. And when you look at that in our cardiovascular devices, those growth rates in September were much better than the growth rates in August. And the growth rates in September were better than the third quarter overall. And then that's true for both U.S. and internationally for both devices -- for devices.  In Core Lab, we actually saw a nice growth in the month of September in the U.S., in Europe and in China also. So I like the rate of recovery that we're seeing in our base business.  If you look at Electrophysiology, that was an interesting one, where when you look at the sales, we were hurt a little bit by the capital cycle, which is why we're only at about 2% or 3%. But if you look at the consumable part of our business, so -- which probably reflect better the return of procedures. So looking at mapping catheters and therapeutic catheters, we saw a high single-digit growth rate there.  So our plan here is to continue to see that recovery. And it's not just about recovery of COVID and easing, it's also the pipeline. And we've got a very rich pipeline in our Cardiovascular area, too. And in our Core Lab business, the continued rollout of Alinity, improving our menu, expanding our menu, that's all helping us become more competitive in this recovery process. 
Robert Ford: Yes. Listen, our financial strong here is very healthy. We're generating nice cash and we're allocating to our needs. We don't see any changes, Vijay, to our allocation strategy. We focus on paying a strong and growing dividend. It's part of our identity. It's different from a lot of med tech peers that don't have that dividend. So we're going to continue to support that growth of the dividend.  We haven't done a lot of share repurchasing, mostly to offset our dilution. A lot of our investment here has been to drive organic growth. So taking our balance sheet and applying that cash to invest in areas where we see opportunities for growth, that's where we've been focused on. And I think that's the best return we've got right now for our shareholders.  If you look at what we've done with COVID and the investments we've made there, the speed at which we've been able to make those investments and execute it is because of that strategic flexibility that we have in the balance sheet. Talked about manufacturing expansions with Libre, which we're definitely going to need as we expand the portfolio and build the portfolio and other parts of our Medical Devices, too. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Robbie. Listen, I think Libre continues to perform really well. And as you saw, our pipeline continues to be highly productive. We had a good growth rate this quarter, over 35%. I thought it was a real nice sequential improvement versus Q2. And I think in Q2 our sales were just under $600 million, and Q3 sales were just under $700 million. So I think we had a nice sequential Q2 to Q3 kind of growth rate.  We continue to focus on our strategy of kind of mass-market opportunity, mass-market potential and not see this as a niche play. We now have over -- more than 2.5 million users. That's significantly more than our next competitor.  Regarding Libre 2 in the U.S. We were able to get the product on shelf -- in the retail shelf in mid-August. So we had about a partial quarter over here. But the customer response has been really positive. We've heard -- just you talking about closing the gap here with Libre 3.  Listen, Libre 2, in my view, has already done that, and that's what we're hearing from our customers here. It's by far the smallest, easiest sensor to use, got the best accuracy, low range, high range, mid-range, adults, children. The readings every minute, which is unique to Libre, allows us to get a better alarm performance. And we can continue to mass produce it and sell it at a fraction of the price so that you're not really overburdening the health care system. So I think that's worked very well.  Libre sales in the U.S., they actually grew 20% sequentially Q3 versus Q2 and about 45% year-over-year, and that's with just about 40 days' worth of sales of Libre 2 in the quarter. So I've seen positive momentum in some of the prescriptions. We -- because our strategy is focused more in the retail environment, we get to see that prescription data every week. So we're seeing nice trend from high prescribers.  We're also seeing a nice pickup here for the pediatric endocrinologists segment. So we see a nice pickup in prescriptions over there, too. So I think it's obviously fairly early in the launch, but I think we're off to a great start. And I like what I've seen in the first 45 days.  Regarding Libre 3. Listen, we always said that Libre was going to be a platform, and we're going to be building on this platform. And are we funding R&D programs to continue to innovate? Yes, we are. We'll have a Libre 4. We'll have a Libre 5. But we get so -- I think we get so caught up on every version over here, we might miss the bigger picture. And the bigger picture here is that to be able to sustain an ability to penetrate the mass market, you do need to have a variety of different platforms and continuously innovate.  About bringing -- about timing of Libre 3 in the U.S. here, Robbie, I'm not going to provide details to you on that timing here. Obviously, the U.S. team is having a good time launching Libre 2 right now. What I would say is it's a very different segment than the cardiovascular device segment as it relates to clinical trials in the sense that we haven't seen the impact of kind of coronavirus slow down our trials here for -- within this space. So listen, you'll hear about Libre 3 approval when we get it and we issue a press release, just like we did with Libre 3 in Europe.  On Libre Sense, listen, we've always talked about we could expand beyond diabetes, and this is our first step over here. The goal with this product specifically is to help kind of athletes achieve kind of better performance by using data, so they can kind of better fuel themselves to avoid fatigue.  It's a different business model, Robbie. It will be a different business model, different channels. There'll probably be a different usage pattern and frequency in this segment. But obviously, if you look at the athletic training and sports population, it's a significantly large population here.  So we've actually built a team that's separated from the diabetes group that's just focused on developing this opportunity. We've done an initial collaboration here, which I think is going to provide us a great visibility on how this kind of very large mass segment needs to be addressed and the different strategies we'll be able to kind of deploy. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean I think we already had a real strong momentum before COVID with the rollout of the Alinity system. We're having great share gains, both in immunoassay and then the clinic chem business also.  So that -- obviously, with COVID in Q2, a lot of the hospitals and the labs weren't focused so much on migrating of systems. But before that, we were renewing our existing contracts in the 90% range. And new tenders that were coming up for bid, we were in that kind of 45% to 50% kind of win rate. So you put that together and you look at our sales growth, we were definitely taking share.  That -- the placements of instruments took a little bit of a pause in Q2. And as I said in the opening comments, we started to see a little bit of a pickup in September in terms of positive growth for all these geographies. And that's coupled with, again, a new cycle here of reopening of the tenders.  I think that it's also allowed us, Robbie, with our position in COVID testing to be viewed as a more holistic partner to a large -- to large systems, whether they're in the U.S. or internationally, and that's ultimately helped us. I think one of the things that's definitely helped us in our Diagnostic business has been our molecular platform with the Alinity m launch. That's obviously had kind of a little bit of catapult effect with that launch. And -- but in that platform, we have more than just COVID testing. So yes, I think it's a good opportunity for us overall for Diagnostics. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Larry. Yes, EPD, we definitely saw some more challenging market conditions in this quarter than what we had in Q1 and in Q2. If you look at how COVID kind of progressed a little bit, it hit the developed markets, I think, harder in Q2. And then the emerging markets, it hit us more in Q3, especially markets like India, Russia, some markets in Latin America also.  But it -- when -- we look at a lot of the data, and we started to see a similar trend in September than what we saw in June in the developed markets, right? So you had that kind of drop, and then it starts to kind of recover. So I kind of look at the EPD as following the same trend that we saw in devices and core lab in Q2 but just a quarter later. So I think we'll see some of the recovery there.  It's a good business. A lot of the portfolio is still very resilient. 50% of our portfolio is tied to chronic diseases. So that's the piece that, I think, kind of got impacted. The acute part of the portfolio has actually done pretty well. So we expect to see that recovery curve continue into Q4.  On the Nutrition side, and your question was on adult, right? It was very strong growth in adult. And one of the things that the team did really well starting in Q2 is they started to look at our messaging regarding the immunity benefits of our Adult Nutrition. And they came out with a strong campaign, a strong messaging on the benefits on the immunity side, and that helped fuel the demand there.  I think we saw probably at the end of Q1, there was a little bit of pantry loading, Larry. We saw that in the U.S., saw a little bit of that internationally, too. But what we did -- what we were able to do with that is we actually picked up new users and we picked up market share.  So the combination of new users and market share and then the immunity messaging resonating with consumers and physicians has really kind of strengthened that portfolio. And I think it definitely sticks out a little bit in terms of our growth rate. But a lot of that, what we're seeing, is share gain and market expansion based on the data that we're seeing. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I don't think we're going to see that kind of decline in COVID testing. I think even with a vaccine, you're going to see kind of more of a steady state. And we've talked about that, and we planned for that.  The other part of your question regarding kind of reinvesting in the business. Well, we're going to be able to do that next year and still deliver a pretty differentiated, unique kind of earnings growth and earnings power.  As I said, we've got over 100 new products in our pipeline that we're going to invest in. We can either accelerate their development and their coming to market. We've got opportunities to expand market development. The opportunities that we have in MitraClip to be able to invest in that, strengthening of that market, strengthening our competitiveness.  So I think we've got a great opportunity here with COVID testing to deliver differentiated earnings power and growth, while at the same time investing in this pipeline that Abbott has built over these years to sustain that growth rate.  I'll just go back to the notion here that the COVID assay might go down to steady state. But if you think about the installed base that we're building because of COVID, especially on the rapid side, I think that's going to be a strong growth driver for us going forward.  I mean I'll give an example of that. When we started the year in the U.S., we had over 20,000 ID NOWs placed in the in the U.S., in the U.S. alone. In 4 months, we've already doubled that placement rate by more physician offices, retail channels and a variety of universities and different channels.  So what we're building here with the COVID test is an installed base that will then be able to run different kind of assays and different tests. And if it's -- if they're digital, if they're affordable, then the consumer behavior that's now today in COVID test and we believe is going to be there for all the other assays that we're building on. 
Robert Ford: It's got some of it in there, Bob. Obviously, when you're doing this kind of ramp up the way we're doing it across continents, very different platforms there, we want to make sure that we can deliver. So in that number, you've got some of that international antigen there. But obviously, we're working that -- we could probably do a little bit better than that in that international antigen also. So... 
Robert Ford: Sure. On the outlook there of devices, I would say -- listen, I think that we had a really big impact in Q2 across the world, U.S. and internationally. Because I think a lot of -- this was a new thing -- this was a new virus and the shutdown was pretty dramatic, was pretty significant.  As I think about our device portfolio, there are still cardiovascular needs. People still need to get a pacemaker. There's still a need for mitral repair. There's still a need for ablation for AFib. I mean those are all conditions that the reason we're in them is because there were medically scientific needs for us to be in them.  So I see the market is still an opportunity for growth. And I think that the hospitals and hospital systems have learned now how to deal with that and how to deal with that pandemic. You've seen certain systems kind of focus on treating COVID and keeping other hospitals more focused for electives. So I think that's -- I believe the device portfolio that we've built is relevant, is important. And even in a COVID kind of world, those are medically necessary procedures. And we're working with hospitals to assist them in opening.  And we'll see it continue to grow. We've seen a nice progression from Q2 to Q3. I expect that progression to continue into Q4. Yes, there could be some lumpiness here and there. But I think the progression is going to be positive. And my expectation is that we'll see kind of devices get back to that growth rate that we previously had in those high single digits next year. 
Robert Ford: Oh, on the vascular question. Yes, we had -- it's interesting. If you look at the device portfolios that were a little bit -- didn't recover as fast, it really was vascular and CRM. I think some of those are affected by some of the pricing dynamics that still exist in that channel. Vascular, you've got an average price erosion there of 5% to 6%. So once you exclude that, it would probably be a little bit better.  But there's a little bit of a slower kind of recovery. We did see vascular is right now at about 95% of their kind of pre-COVID levels. So there's been a rebound, but I think there's been a little bit of a price impact there also. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I think on your Structural Heart question here, I think we've got a leading kind of portfolio of products here. We've launched a couple of novel products this year. TriClip for the tricuspid valve repair. And then Tendyne, which is the first product for mitral valve replacement. Those have actually gone very well. Especially when you're going to launch novel products like this, you want to kind of build evidence. You want to kind of build your way into it.  So everything that we had planned for those 2 product launches really didn't get much impacted by COVID because we didn't have kind of significant sales attached to them, more about kind of developing the clinical evidence. So that's gone very well.  If you -- your question in the next kind of 12 to 18 months, I think we've got a really rich pipeline here. Obviously, the biggest opportunity we have is to expand the mitral valve repair with the NCD for the secondary MR indication. That will be a big driver for us. We've seen already patient referral networks starting to be built around waiting for that indication -- that reimbursement approval.  But we've got several of the products in the pipeline. I think Amulet, our left atrial appendage device, is going to be a great opportunity. It does very well from a share perspective internationally. The larger part of the market is here in the U.S. So we're looking forward to enter that market here in the U.S. We've got a next-gen TAVR device called Navitor that we've been working on. This will be our third iteration. We've launched our FlexNav product in Europe this year with an improved delivery catheter and gotten good feedback from implanters over there.  And then I think that TriClip and Tendyne are multibillion-dollar opportunities here for us that are, as I described, very, very early in the innings. So I'm very excited about that Structural Heart portfolio in the next 12, 18 months. It's probably one of our richest portfolios in our device portfolio. 
Robert Ford: Yes. So again, we're trying to triangulate here as much as we can, but we're not going to put out a specific number. What I can reemphasize here is that COVID is definitely going to be a big boost for us, continue to be a big driver for us into 2021.  We're in a unique position. We're not coming out of a hole. We're going to be delivering what I would say very high strong double-digit top and bottom line. And in doing that and in delivering those very high double-digit top and bottom line after double-digit earnings this year, we're still going to have plenty of opportunity to put investment into R&D and into sales and marketing to continue to drive not only the pipeline but all the opportunities that we've had that we've talked a little bit about here. Whether it's Libre, whether it's Structural Heart, whether it's in Nutrition, we've got plenty of opportunities.  So I guess the -- I'll leave you there, Joanne, with we've got tremendous momentum, strong 2020. We're going to have a stronger 2021. And we realize that we've got a unique opportunity here with over 100 products in our pipeline to be able to kind of fund and drive on top of our double-digit earnings and top line growth next year. 
Robert Ford: Yes. We're looking for steady improvement quarter-over-quarter, and that's how we've kind of set our targets. I mean I think the ultimate measure here of success and of winning is market share and market share gains for those products where we're competing more head-to-head. And then for other products where we're unique in the space, whether it's mitral or tricuspid, et cetera, then we're looking at market development and market expansion.  But to your question here, it's all about kind of steady sequential quarter-over-quarter improvement. Do I think we're going to be at 10% Med Device growth by the end of this quarter? No, I don't. But do I think Q4 is going to be better than Q3? Yes, I do. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Yes. I mean when it first happened, we were fast to take advantage of the installed base that we had with our Alinity and our architect systems here to develop a blood antibody test. And we also developed lateral flow rapid antibody test.  And I would say we haven't seen the kind of demand that we thought we would see when we were putting those programs together. So in our numbers here, I think we've kind of excluded them. But do I think that there's an opportunity for antibody testing as the vaccine gets rolled out? Yes, I do. And I see the opportunity for lab-based and for rapid lateral flow testing also.  We've seen some governments already mandate on every blood draw for other tests to check for antibodies. I think that's just going to get more intense when the vaccines get rolled out. So I think there's -- there'll be an opportunity there. And Abbott will be in a unique position there to be able to capitalize on that.  So I'll just kind of wrap up here. We've had a nice growth step-up during the third quarter. We achieved double-digit top and bottom line growth. The businesses, we spent some time talking about the businesses that were hardest hit by COVID. We can see that they're all trending in the right direction and showing sequential steady improvement.  Our pipeline continues to be highly productive. We've got a lot of ongoing launch activity across all the businesses in the markets here. And we've expanded our COVID testing platforms, adding more testing platforms, adding more capacity. I don't think that COVID testing is going to go away anytime soon. And I think it's big, and I think that Abbott's in a unique position with not only the platforms that we've developed but the manufacturing and supply chain that we've assembled.  We've increased our full year guidance, which now reflects double-digit EPS growth. And I think that's pretty unique and differentiated in this environment, and I think it's a testament to our ability to execute and deliver across our diversified portfolio. And I think we're well positioned to go from what is a very good, strong year for us to an even better one in 2021. And again, I think we're pretty uniquely insulated here against kind of any kind of COVID reemergence scenarios.  So with that, I thank you. 
