Thibaut Mongon: Thank you, Paul. Again, we are pleased with the strength of our second quarter results and our first quarter as a publicly traded company. This quarter highlighted our unique model as the world’s largest pure-play consumer health company, building on our clear sources of competitive advantage to deliver robust financial performance. And now let’s open up for Q&A.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes. Good morning, Anna. Thank you for your questions. Yes, as you rightly pointed out, innovation is a big part of our model at Kenvue. That’s what we have been doing historically and that has been our history of 135 years with their many first-to-market innovation. And we definitely intend to continue on this trajectory. I talked in my prepared remarks about a number of examples of innovation we launched this quarter and they have been well received. And we are excited to – about what is in the pipeline and what we are about to launch in the market in the back half of this year across all three segments. I would remind you that for us, innovation means not only new products, but also it can be a new claim or a new clinical data that allows us to give consumers and healthcare professionals another reason to use our brands. So yes, we are pleased with the health of our innovation pipeline and the impact it has on our business. Regarding your second question regarding the consumer confidence, while you may have seen in, I would say, more traditional staple categories, some downgrading happening in some geographies. At Kenvue, we don’t see this dynamic happening in our portfolio. You saw that excluding our own intentional discontinuations. Our volumes were flat in the second quarter despite strong value realization. You remember that we saw the same thing happening in the full year 2022. So what we see is that even in this more dynamic environment, consumers remain focused on their health and well-being. They want to take control of their own health and they are looking for trusted product, solutions and brands that have been in their household for years, for decades, sometimes for generations. And as you know, many of these brands are in the Kenvue portfolio. So that’s what makes us confident in the fact that our brands will continue to be the go-to brand for consumers around the world.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes. I would tell you that domestically and internationally, distribution is always an opportunity for our vast portfolio of brands. It’s something that we continuously work on with our retail partners around the world across the portfolio. Following the period of disruption we had in the past that particularly hit of Skin Health and Beauty segment and some part of our Essential Health segment, we are focused on recovering distribution points. I’m pleased with the progress we have made so far, but I would expect a continued recovery in distribution points in the back half of the year. But beyond this specific event, distribution is something that we always work on with our retail partners, yes.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes. Good morning, Filippo, thank you for your question. So regarding the back half of the year, I would remind you a couple of things. First of all, we are going to comp a higher base than we had in the back half of ‘22 as we started recovering service levels. Second, we had, in the first half of 2023, two items that we would not expect to repeat in the back half of the year. The first one is the fact that in the first quarter, we saw retailers restocking our products significantly knowing that they had exited 2022 with extremely low inventory levels. The second thing is that we have seen a very strong incidence in the past winter season. For this coming winter season, we are planning with a more normal season. So that’s what we expect in – for the back half of the year. The back half will continue to see a mix of value realization and volume. Distribution gains will play a role, we talked about it with, Anna a minute ago. Value realization, price and mix will continue to play a role as well with targeted price actions to cover continued elevated input costs, but also premium innovation, innovative solutions and favorable mix. So all of that will lead to our guidance of an organic growth comprised between 5.5% and 6.5% growth.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes, Andrea, thank you for your question. So as I mentioned, we live in the consumer health space, which might behave in a different manner compared to other consumer staple categories. Our world is really about bringing efficacious solutions to cater for real needs of consumers around the world. So we are operating in less discretionary categories. And we have a very strong portfolio of brands that are very often synonymous with our categories. So when we – when you combine these two factors, you see that consumers continue to be focused on their health and wellness. They want to trusted solution, trusted products that they know, that they trust, that are recommended by the healthcare professionals that they have seen their household for a very long time. These are the brands we are talking about with Kenvue. I’ll give you a couple of proof points. If you look at our key segments of Self Care and Skin Health and Beauty, again, excluding the intentional discontinuations we made ourselves, volumes are up in both segments. Another proof point is the fact that we don’t see private label penetration – we see private label penetration stable this quarter, which is in line with the history of private label. We have seen that in the past, even when times are tough, private label penetration doesn’t tend to fluctuate very much. And the last proof point I would give you is what we are seeing as we speak in the summer season in Sun Care, where Neutrogena range is doing extremely well. We are a market leader in the U.S. We have a premium positioning. We launched premium innovation. All of that is extremely well received by consumers, and we are gaining share in the U.S. with Neutrogena Sun. So we are aware of consumer dynamics. We make sure that our products are accessible at different price points to cater for different needs of different consumers. But we are also very confident in the robustness of our portfolio and our ability to serve consumers with the products and solutions they need. That’s what we have been doing for 135 years and that’s what we intend to continue to do.
Thibaut Mongon: So we – in Essential Health, you – as Paul mentioned, the – we are pleased with the performance of the segment at 3.8%, 10.7% of value realization. When you exclude discontinuations, it’s mid-single-digit volume decline. So I would say volume held up pretty well in this area. Wound Care had another good quarter with strong customer partnership, good innovation with Band-Aid. Listerine is – we are pleased with the performance of our gum therapy product, which – in the U.S., which is the number one new code in the U.S. this quarter. The Listerine gum therapy gives you 4x healthier gums in 3 weeks and consumers are responding very well to this offering. We saw soft softness in the category in Asia, but we continue to gain share there. So that’s how I would summarize the performance of Essential Health.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes. Maybe I can take this one. We have been in China for a very long time as a business. I have myself lived for many, many years in Asia. So, you are not in Asia or in China for the short-term. And I can tell you that we are positive about the long-term prospects of our business in China. When I look at our performance in China this quarter, I think it’s another great example of the power of the Kenvue portfolio. I can tell you that we grew double-digit in China this quarter. Strong performance in our Self Care segment. We see softness in other categories, but it’s something that we anticipated. We have never been in the camp of those who thought that China will recover overnight. Unfortunately, we have been proven right. And we would expect a slow recovery in these categories that – where we see softness today. But we are very confident in the ability of this market to continue to deliver performance, and we see that again in this quarter with double-digit growth, and that’s the power of the Kenvue business model and Kenvue portfolio.
Thibaut Mongon: Hey Jason. Thank you for the question and thank you for your thanks for the strong quarter we delivered. So, in Asia, we see competitive dynamics, we see category dynamics happening that had the negative impact on part of our business in the second quarter. I mentioned the mouthwash category where we see decline in both China, Japan and other parts of Asia. We are gaining share in China and Japan, but the categories are suffering, as we speak. India had a soft quarter and emerging markets in general, we saw softness there. So, that’s for Asia. For EMEA, we are very pleased with the performance of our business in Europe, Middle East and Africa. Across our portfolio, we see our brands doing well, strong demand for our products in both Self Care and Skin Health. With obviously opportunities in some places as always, but overall, pleased with the performance of our European region this quarter and this first half.
Thibaut Mongon: That’s a very good question, Jason. That’s a question that we are facing every day to plan for our operations. Our guidance of 5.5% to 6.5% growth, organic growth for the full year takes into consideration of current thinking, which is to have a normal season. So, we do not expect to have as big of an incidence as we had last winter season. We will be ready from an operational point of view to respond to any seasonal demand. But from a planning perspective, we were not planning with such a high season. Having said that, and I think the second quarter is a good example of that, our Self Care segment is – comprises more need space than just cough and cold or analgesics. And you saw this quarter other need space like smoking cessation with Nicorette like Digestive Health with Imodium or like allergy where despite a slightly lower level of incidents, we continue to gain share in the U.S. with both Zyrtec and Benadryl. All of these other segments are doing well. So, we are very pleased with the performance of the segment and very confident in the continued performance of the segment.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes. Steve, three questions, so let’s put a eye and handle them one by one. Let me first maybe talk about – start with the last one on – as you know, we don’t give guidance by segment. It’s a reminder that really, we – the portfolio is very important, and we gave you several examples in this call again on the importance of seeing Kenvue as one portfolio focused on consumer health. We – your second question on anniversarying the discontinuation. As you heard from Paul, we are anniversarying our decision to suspend sales of personal care products in Russia this quarter. And regarding the other discontinuations of codes that we are talking about, most of them were taken last year when we discontinued slower moving codes to free up capacity in our supply chain. Having said that, we will continue to remain focused on the velocity of our cost to make sure that our portfolio is as productive as possible. That’s one of the tenants of our partnership with our retailers to make sure that we continuously work with them to optimize our assortment and make sure that our assortment is as productive as possible for them and for us. So, on the Skin Health & Beauty and Essential Health segment, I would say that when you take out the impact of discontinuation and that’s what may not have been fully reflected in external forecast. And I feel very good about the underlying strength of our brands and our equities in – across our portfolio. If you look at Skin Health & Beauty with volume up low-single digits this quarter with strong value realization with some room to go in terms of distribution points in the U.S. specifically, that makes us very confident in the future of this business.
Thibaut Mongon: And Navann, on your question about the split from Johnson & Johnson, at this point, you – also that Johnson & Johnson has announced their intention for the next step of the separation of Kenvue. Unfortunately, we are very limited on the information that we can provide other than what has already been made public. I can tell you that we are fully ready. We have been operating independently, and we are very excited about the future.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes. Jeremy, thank you for your question. I will not comment on what other companies are doing. We live in a competitive environment. What I would tell you is that we continue to invest behind our brands. Remember that our business model relies on demand generation delivered through different means. One is direct-to-consumer demand generation activities. Another big part of our model relies on healthcare professional recommendation. And so on both fronts, we continued to invest. We are on track with our investments, and we intend to continue to invest to that level. We do not disclose advertising at a quarter level. We will disclose it on a full year basis. But you should always remember that for Kenvue, advertising expenses is only one part of our demand generation model. Another part, and important part, is linked to healthcare professional recommendation. But we are absolutely committed to invest behind our brands, that’s what we have been doing in the first half, and we intend to continue to do it in the back half of the year.
Thibaut Mongon: So, thank you for this good conversation, and thank you everyone for participating in today’s call. Once again, as you heard from Paul and I, we are very pleased with the strong results we achieved and our teams achieved around the world this quarter. They reinforced the power of our iconic brands, the strength of the Kenvue operating model. So, very strong debut for Kenvue as a newly publicly traded company and we look forward to connecting with all of you again and keeping you updated on our continuous progress on future earnings calls. So, have a great day and thank you everyone.
Paul Ruh: Filippo, good morning. This is Paul. Thank you for the question. We did not see a pull-through. Our inventory – retail inventory or inventory are in balance. And in the case of Self Care, seasonalities are normalizing as that’s what we have contemplated in our forecast. So we did not see a pull-forward in demand for the second year. Expect a normalized season in the balance of the year.
Paul Ruh: Yes. Good morning peter and thank you for the question. We are in fact navigating a volatile environment for a couple of years now, but I am actually very proud of the way we have been doing it consistently with our experience. In the case of the quarter, we still see some elevated inflation and ForEx, transactional ForEx was also a headwind However, we have an arsenal of tools to be able to offset partially the gross margin pressures. Particularly, we use supply chain efficiencies, and we constantly do that as part of our discipline. Premiumization, innovation and RGM and value realization, as Thibaut, is a big component, of course. As we look into the second half of the year, we believe that these levers will continue to be utilized. We have, as I have said, a continuous arsenal of ideas that we put in place in terms of total end-to-end network optimization. And of course, the carryover of the pricing that we have put in place will help us offset the steel inflationary, yet diminishing commodity headwinds. We feel very good about our ability that we have demonstrated to maintain very healthy gross margins.
Paul Ruh: Sorry, Jason. You are right about the headwind still persistent of yet moderating ForEx, but the important thing is the underlying strength of the business is there. And also, we had – we continued to see elevated incidences of flu that we even saw that in the second quarter. So, it’s more the core that we feel very good about and moderating FX pressures.
Paul Ruh: Steve, thank you for the question. Nothing has changed in terms of our investment philosophy as we are now an independent company versus before. What we strive to do is maximize return on our investment, and we continued to invest solidly in our brands whether it is through advertising, through healthcare professional representations, promotional impact. So, we balance all of that in the most effective way that maximizes the return on investment. So, we are very encouraged by the performance and we will continue to fuel the growth of our brands through a balanced investment approach.
Paul Ruh: Okay. So, on the price/mix question, we don’t disclose the mix between the two. On the supply chain improvement, whether we expect some benefits in the balance of the year? The answer is absolutely yes. We have invested in the more capacity and more resiliency of our supply chain. We continue to do that. As a result of that, we have significantly improved our service levels across the portfolio. Are we fully where we want to be, not yet, so it will continue to be a focus area for us to improve service levels, but we are pleased with the progress so far, and we would expect the back half of the year and beyond to continue to benefit from these investments we have made in our supply chain in terms of capacity, resiliency, automation, all working in the right direction. That will also include – that also includes even stronger partnerships with our retail partners to do some joint business planning and make sure that we get the right signal demand, to make sure that we operate our supply chain efficiently, but making sure that we have always products available on shelf for consumers when they need us.
