Thibaut Mongon: Regarding your question on the top line and our ambitions for 2024, we continue to see our categories growing 3% to 4% in 2024 and beyond. Our guidance for 2024 reflects a range of scenarios. It does embed a sequential improvement as we move through the year and as we lap the unusual compares of 2023 that we talked about, but also the fact that we expect our increased investment and the plans that I outlined earlier generate impact, especially in the second half of the year. So that's what makes us confident in our plan for the year. But we also think it's prudent to acknowledge some of the dynamics at play in 2024, and that's why our guidance also contemplates certain headwinds that could materialize, such as further softness in China, the time it will take to improve in-store execution in Skin as well as the possibility for unknowns in our seasonal businesses. But I reiterate that we are confident in our plans for the year.
Thibaut Mongon: So let me answer your question on Skin Health and where – what do we see in China and the US. So in China, we saw a weak demand for our brands, especially Dr.Ci:Labo due to temporary PR issues that you are familiar with. We believe that these PR issues are dissipating as we speak. But we are going to be thoughtful about continuing to monitor how the categories are doing, how the consumer sentiment is going in China. And while we are going to see gradual recovery in 2024, we are not contemplating in our guidance a strong recovery, especially in the first half of the year in our Skin Care brands in China.  I remind you that China is about 7% of our revenue as a total company, but we have our total portfolio represented in China, and Skin Health is not the largest part of our portfolio in China.  Regarding the US, we had an ambitious recovery plan in Q4. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the outcome of this plan was not what we expected.  What's good is that we understand exactly what is going on. Our brands are healthy. Neutrogena, for example, has a very high penetration in the US. Our online sales are doing well. We grew double-digit on Amazon with a brand like Neutrogena, for example.  So what we really need to improve is execution, and Jan and his team are laser-focused on improving this execution. And it's going to be broad-based. It goes beyond just distribution, but it starts with our in-store presence and prominence. And here, I'm talking about better on-shelf execution, increasing displays, increasing fixtures, updating the packaging where needed to make our range easier to shop, making sure that we have the price back architecture everywhere and, ultimately, making it easier for our consumers to shop in-store for their needs.  It's also about engaging with consumers in a bigger way than what we did in 2023. We have industry-leading ROI on advertising. So, really 2024, it's about increasing the reach and frequency of our engagement activities – brand activation activities with both consumer and healthcare professionals. We are going to put more products in their hands, think about samples, because we know that once they try our product, they'll love them.  And lastly, we will deploy innovation at a bigger scale, amplifying our 2023 programs, and we are excited about what we have in the plan for 2024 in terms of innovation. And retailers are excited about it as well.  So, in a nutshell, it's a heightened focus, more precision around execution, more presence with consumers, amplified innovation. As I said, it's not going to happen overnight. The recovery will not be linear, but we are confident that this stronger plan will help stabilize the business. And with, again, a higher level of precision in our execution, we expect growth in 2024 to definitely be ahead of 2023.
Thibaut Mongon: It's a great question because we talk a lot about the season and Paul described very well the dynamics there and how pleased we are with our performance during the season, but the strength of our leadership position doesn't happen by accident. It's an outcome of a lot of work that permeates throughout the entire Self Care portfolio, and that's true for analgesics, but it's also true for allergy, for digestive health, for smoking cessation.  And in these other areas of the business, we are very pleased with our performance. We see continued performance in smoking cessation, good performance in digestive health. Allergy, while we had lower incidences, strong share gains on innovation, like Zyrtec chewables continues to do very well. So our strong performance in Self Care is broad-based across the portfolio.
Thibaut Mongon: That's a big question, Andrea. It's an important one. So let me unpack your question in terms of phasing in what we plan to see unfolding in Skin Health and Beauty for the year.  First of all, I think the way you are describing the year is directionally correct. We are not guiding by segment, by quarter. But I think the way to describe the phasing throughout the year is directionally correct and in line with the way we see it, given the noise you have in the comps. You talked about the impact of discontinuation, the suspension of our sales in Russia in the first half of the year, these are going to be tailwinds in terms of growth rate. But we have headwinds like, for example, in Q1, the large replenishments we saw in retailer inventory once we got out of the majority of our supply chain issue in the back half of 2022. That's going to be a headwind for us. If you exclude these comp dynamics, what we are laser-focused as an organization is deploying the plan that I just highlighted, and making sure that we execute with precision. That does include the stronger presence in-store, but that also includes amplifying our reach to consumers and healthcare professionals. And so, that's where you will have different phasing of the impact of these different aspects of the plan throughout the year.  I can tell you that we are executing our higher investment plan in terms of media as of January. So you will see a lag, as we all know, between the spend in advertising and the consumption that has already started. In terms of in-store activation, that will happen throughout the year, depending on the rhythm each retailer has. So, we are laser-focused on executing these building blocks.  You also mentioned that we are doing very well online, where the brand experience is very strong, and we grew the brand, like Neutrogena, double digit. That's something that is not easy for you to track, but that continues to be a source of strength for us. And so, we are laser-focused on the tracked channel, if you will, which is what you see and which is where we have the biggest area for improvement.
Thibaut Mongon: Filippo, this overall investment is broad-based to activate our brands with consumers and with healthcare professionals. So I remind you that our advertising line only captures part of our investment to activate our brands as everything that's related to healthcare professional engagement is not reflected in that line.  In 2024, we are going to increase our investment in both areas. And we are going to apply this additional investment across the portfolio, but very focused behind our 15 priority brands that I highlighted in my prepared remarks. So, it's a very focused plan, but with more fuel behind a philosophy that Paul highlighted of extremely high ROI. We have, I believe, industry-leading ROIs on our marketing investment. This is a capability that we have developed over the years with state-of-the-art analytics, systems and capabilities. So we intend to continue to use this disciplined approach to deploy a higher level of dollars. And so, that's, once again, what makes us confident in our ability to deliver the plan we outlined this year.
Thibaut Mongon: Filippo, what's very clear about Skin Health and Beauty is that the opportunities to improve are really isolated to two areas – two important areas, but two areas. One is the China market. And the other one is, I would say, in-store performance in the US. So our plan is laser focused to improve our performance in these two areas, while we continue to fuel growth in the other areas where it's working well, namely Europe and Latin America. So, in China, it's not entirely in our hands, and that's why I talked about our position to thoughtfully track how the categories are developing in that market, make sure that we do not invest ahead of the curve to get a strong return. So we are monitoring consumer sentiment. And as we see the right conditions for our skin care brand in China, we will invest appropriately.  In the US in-store, what's different in 2024 compared to 2023 is a higher level of precision in the execution, the heightened focus. I can tell you that many people in the organization are focused on this plan. The plan that Jan, our new leader for North America, and his team, with the support of the entire organization, have put together and started executing, as we speak, is very precise. And this heightened focus, increased level of precision, and higher level of investment, again, we would expect this to deliver stronger results, especially in the back half of the year. It's not going to happen overnight. But over time, we are confident that we are going to see the full potential of our brands being unleashed in the market.
Thibaut Mongon: It's a great question and one that I'm happy to talk about because this is an area of strength for Kenvue. And we've been on this journey of increasing our margins and enhancing our margins through a complete suite of levers that include value realization and efficiencies throughout the value chain since 2019. I would actually say that we are managing our gross margin profile in a very competitive way. And I would say, above average compared to our industry peers.  If I think about the dynamics of the balance of the year, I would continue to see all those things – continued value realization, mix management, premiumization. We are starting to see some of the tailwinds of the inflation now that were previously headwinds. Although we still have forex, something that we are mindful of, the efficiencies that we have in place and the discipline that we have in terms of managing that value chain will allow us to continue to – in this journey of driving gross margin enhancement.
Thibaut Mongon: Let me take this one. I think, overall, the execution of our recovery plan in the fourth quarter fell short of expectations on a number of elements that I talked about.  In a nutshell, it's making sure that our brands are more prominent in-store, easier to shop and supported by the appropriate level of engagement activities, both at the consumer and healthcare professional level. While all these elements were included in the plan, the level of investment or the precision of the execution was not what we expected, and the outcome was not what we expected.  Now lessons learned. All these lessons are included in the buildup of the plan for 2024. And that's why you see us in the US executing a plan that is different from what we had in 2023 in these different dimensions. And so, you will see this broad-based activation plan put in place.  But I would say, if you think about the three priorities I outlined for the company more broadly in 2024, you will see a different Kenvue in 2024 compared to what you saw in 2023. It's going to be our first full year as an independent company. And so, you will see, especially our 15 priority brands, being activated at a much higher level in 2024, with strong building blocks across these 15 brands and across our three segments. You are going to see us being much more agile and moving with speed and urgency to capitalize on all the opportunities we see in the market and unleash the full potential of our portfolio. That requires investment. That investment is going to be fueled by the continued and, I would say, accelerated gross profit margin enhancement that Paul referred to.  As we exit our TSAs with Johnson & Johnson, it's also an opportunity for us to reinvent the way we work, work faster, better, make it easier for our teams to operate, but also do it at a lower cost base. And this combination of expanded margin and efficiencies in the organization is what's going to fuel this investment and allow us to fuel growth in 2024.  Now, the year will be a bit noisy due to the unusual compares we have in 2023. But if you look at the underlying strength of the business and the building blocks we have to drive growth in 2024 and profitable growth in 2024 and bring our long-term algo to life, we are confident in our plans.
Thibaut Mongon: All right. So thank you all for participating on today's call. 2023 was, as we talked about, a transformational for Kenvue. I think we have been very clear about our priorities for 2024, reaching more consumers, investing in our brands and foster a culture that rewards performance and impact. So we look forward to updating you throughout the year as we continue to advance these efforts.  And for now, have a nice day. And thank you again.
Paul Ruh: In regards to your first part of the question, yes, we are very pleased with our gross margin trajectory. As you know, and Thibaut mentioned, we have developed a muscle in terms of continued sustained gross profit margin enhancement. And the FX that I talked about is embedded in gross margin and also in SG&A, but primarily in gross margin. To your second question, year-over-year rates of advertising, we will disclose advertising in our K. Advertising year over year versus 2022 was slightly down. But I can tell you that we have very strong plans to increase our advertising. I mentioned 15%. We're approximately $300 million more that will fuel the progressive growth enhancement that Thibault talked about.
Paul Ruh: Yes. Directionally correct, Andrea. As you know, gross margin is the result of several elements, including value realization. We have about 60% of the value realization as a carryover from last year, and we will take surgical pricing in addition to another 40%. So that's one in addition to premiumization and mix.  And also, the efficiency that we talked about. In addition, of course, you have the inflation and forex impact. Inflation is still positive, but it's coming down. So you will see a progression to contribution to gross margin enhancement in terms of that inflation.  We're exiting TSAs as we speak. Day by day, we're talking about hundreds of TSAs, and that impact both our gross profit line and also our operating income line, and those are spread throughout the year, where you will be seeing is the investment starting right out of the gate. Some of that will bear fruits later. If it's more equity advertising or promotional spend will deliver the benefits in the shorter term. So that's how I see the cadence. So it's definitely more of a – it's a balance with an enhancement toward the second half, and we intend to continue that into 2025. We're not running into 2025, but that philosophy of heightened investment should continue beyond 2024.
Paul Ruh: To answer quickly your Q1 question, Peter, and we included in our slide deck a slide that I think you will helpful as you model 2024 with all the puts and takes in the different quarters of 2023. You will see that Q1 has a number of items that are going to make the compares very challenging for us. So, it's really about a unique event that happened last year. I talked, for example, about the inventory replenishment, but also the fact that we expect the season to continue to be below last year as we exit the winter, similar to what we have seen in Q4 of 2023. So, it's a mix of unique items to what happened at Kenvue last year and a continued lower level of incidence in Q1, similar to what we saw in Q4.  To your broader question about whether or not we are changing our philosophy, I would say our commitment to our long-term algorithm is stronger than ever. Our commitment to deliver strong TSR through a 3% to 4% top line growth year over year, growing earnings faster than share and having a disciplined capital allocation strategy is what we started deploying in 2023. You are going to see, as we moved through 2024 and 2025 and also we become fully independent and exit our transition service agreements with Johnson & Johnson, you are going to see this long-term algorithm brought to life in a meaningful way.  And that was always the plan to make sure that we exit our TSAs and reinvent our ways of working. So, we make it fit for purpose for our company, with ways of working that fit what we need to be successful as Kenvue, but also do it at a low base. And the combination of this lower cost base and the continued improvement in gross margin that we have demonstrated our ability to do for years, again in 2023, and we're having to do it again in 2024. This is what brings a fuel to bring more investment to our brands.  There is no limit to our investment in our brands. We are very disciplined in our approach. We go for a return on investment approach. We believe that we have strong investable propositions in terms of building blocks and activities for 2024, as an example. And that's why we feel confident that the higher investment that we mentioned will give us good results in 2024 and beyond.
