Thibaut Mongon: All right. Good morning, Andrea. Thank you for your question. So a lot in your questions, so let me get into it point by point. So talking about the consumption, the underlying consumption we see in our business, we see that our consumers continue to be focused on taking care of their own health. We see strong -- continued strong affinity with our brands. We need to unpack the different puts and takes we have in our results, but you see in our Q3 results the strength of the portfolio and the strong affinity consumers have for our brands. If you look at the self-care segment, you see that all our categories are growing behind the consumer demand, healthcare professional recommendation, innovation. We continue to innovate very strongly. I gave you in my remarks a number of examples, and we intend to continue to execute this model where we strengthened our leadership positions with a continuous flow of innovation, new clinical data for healthcare professionals, and to cultivate the vibrancy of our portfolio, which is, I remind you, broader than cold and flu with vibrant business in allergy, in smoking cessation, in digestive health. So we continue to be excited about the prospect of our largest segment, self-care, understanding that we are comping a very strong -- unusually strong, as we said all along, tripledemic and very high cold and flu season we had last winter, and we will certainly not expect the same level of incidents to be replicated this year. That's why we talked all along that we were planning for a more normal season. We -- as you heard from us this morning, so far, we haven't seen really the season starting, and that's what we reflect in our guidance for this year. But we continue to be excited about the strength of the portfolio and the breadth of the portfolio. If I move to skin health, there are a lot of elements and puts and takes here. So that makes it a bit more difficult to understand our performance, so let me unpack it for you. For Q3, we are first lapping a relatively strong Q3 of 2022 with 4.7% organic growth last year as we began to rebuild service levels. On top of that, we have the impact of the discontinuations we did last year. Those were known and expected. As you heard in our prepared remarks, we expect to continue to see some of that in Q4 as Planogram resets are becoming effective in the U.S. and around the world. And we see the Chinese consumer being -- continuing to be very choiceful and cautious about where they spend their money, and that affects demand in this market. So these three elements are really masking all the bright spots that we have in of -- in health segments. You heard that Latin America and Europe are doing very well. We concluded in Q3 a very strong sun season in the U.S. And as we have said all along, our skin health business has been disrupted. We are in -- executing our recovery plan. We're not expecting an overnight improvement. The recovery will be gradual, not linear. We started with sun for the obvious reason, to catch the season. We are now moving to face and body. Lubriderm is doing well. We are launching a number of innovations, especially under the Hydro Boost range in the U.S., and we'll continue to move with body and hair being next in line. So are we -- do we believe that our current performance reflects our long-term ambition for the segment? Absolutely not. But are we confident that the cadence of our recovery plan is on track? Absolutely, and you are going to see that continuing in 2024.
Thibaut Mongon: And I would add, you see that reflected in our innovation program in Q3, and we have a lot of exciting innovation lined up for Q4. You will see more displays and brand activation with Tylenol. I talked about our innovation Motrin Dual Action that is doing very well and allowing Motrin to gain share. You will see brand activation around Neutrogena Hydro Boost range, in particular, and continued activation in Europe as well.
Thibaut Mongon: Jason, good morning first. You are absolutely right in your analysis. We have the second scenario in mind. That's what we are seeing. We see ourselves and our retailers ready for the season. Everybody is prepared for the season, and that's reflecting in the sell-in, and that's reflecting in the strong performance of our self-care business in Q3. Having said that, when we look around the corner and look at signs of start of the season, we have not seen that so far given the very warm weather we have seen in the U.S., in Europe. And so that's what we are reflecting in our outlook, not so much the sell-in. That is, as always, good to make sure that everybody is ready for the season but more what we see on the ground in terms of start of the season.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes. So let me take this one. On skin health and beauty and the recovery of distribution in the U.S., as you know, the Planogram resets happen in the fall. So we are just going through the resets, as we speak, right, in the U.S., depending on which customer you are talking about. As I said, we are pleased with some of the wins we have had with these resets, and you are going to see improvement but not immediate. That has always been our plan, and we are in -- we are seeing continued impact this quarter. You are going to see continued impact in Q4, less and less as the Quarter 4 and forwards as we -- as these new Planogram resets materialize in our numbers. So you have a lasting impact of this loss of distribution points. But you're right, we are recovering gradually, as we said all along, through Planogram resets, through launch of innovation. And that's what we saw with sun, that's what we're going to see again in face and body, and hair will be next.
Thibaut Mongon: Anna, good morning. Good question. I think what -- you rightly said that we have consistently outperformed the market for a long time now in healthcare, and you continue to see that happening. You also see the power of the portfolio, our broad-based portfolio in self-care covering multiple categories. So in terms of volume, we certainly continue to expect our nonseasonal categories to outperform with innovation, with strong brand activation and execution around the world with customers and healthcare professionals. With regards to the cough, cold, and flu season, given the totally abnormal high season with the tripledemic we had last year, as we said all along, we would not expect the same type of volume to materialize this year. So no change in this area. We continue to grow and fire on all cylinders on the nonseasonal part of the portfolio. For the seasonal part of the portfolio, we will see where the season goes. What I can tell you is that within this season, we are absolutely ready to be extremely competitive. Paul mentioned about our supply capacity that has been expanded, and we are absolutely ready to have -- to be very competitive this season.
Thibaut Mongon: So absolutely, you're right. We are introducing innovation around the world. I talked about the positive impact that this innovation had in Europe. If you talk about Neutrogena, Germany is a great example where our new Hydro Boost lines and Retinol Boost lines are doing extremely well over there. For us, this fall and winter, our hydration line, Hydro Boost, which is really the hero line in hydration for Neutrogena, is strengthened, I would say, with the innovation we are launching this quarter with our new hydrogel cream and new options within our hydrogel gels -- Hydro Boost gels, sorry. And this allows to have a halo effect on the entire Hydro Boost range, and you will see displays and brand activations for the entire range beyond the innovation but building on this innovation. So absolutely, innovation is part of our algorithm for success and helps us activate brands in a much bigger way in store and online.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes. China represents about 7% of our global revenue, Filippo, so that gives you a sense of our exposure to China that is not disproportionate, I would say. We see, as I said, a couple of consumers to be cautious and choiceful in their spending, and we see that reflecting in our portfolio of skin health. And essential health segment has been impacted by this behavior in China, and we don't expect short-term recovery in that area. On the other hand, on the self-care side, we continue to see vibrant demand for our brands, in allergy, analgesics, as an example. So a lot – again, the power of the Kenvue portfolio that allows us to continue to be confident in the long-term outlook in this market. We continue to innovate in this market. We -- I talked about Motrin fever patches and as an example of the type of innovation we are launching in the market. So for China, the power of the portfolio will continue to be agile and move resources to see -- to the areas where we get a good return. Clearly, today, it's more in the self-care side than in other parts of the business. But our teams on the ground are agile, and we'll continue to be ready. We have been in China for decades. We are in China for the long term, and we remain confident in the long-term prospect of this market given the size of the middle class, the Healthy China 2030 agenda, and other underlying factors in that market.
Thibaut Mongon: Thank you, Susan. And as I said, we still see some elevated inflation, although it is slowing down. If you think about the pockets of our cost spine, we still see some elevated inflation in particular in two areas. Number one, it's in energy and labor. On the areas where we see the declines, it's already in resins, hydrochemicals, logistics, a significant decline given the normalization of the -- particularly the freight lines, both in -- on the sea and on land. So overall, we see a diminishing inflation. We are also adjusting our pricing accordingly. Remember, asset principle, we are aiming to maintain our gross margins through value realization and premiumization to ensure that we maintain our gross margins and nothing more, so we have healthy margins to be able to invest back in our brands. So that's our principle. We're living into it, and we are seeing the inflation diminishing, which is a good thing.
Thibaut Mongon: In the case of skin health and beauty, if you look at our margins, we are focusing our efforts on improving our gross margins to be able to create more fuel for growth. The other thing that is particular in our business is we moved the resources around. And when we see the opportunity to invest, like in this case, when we see the new innovation, we're actually moving resources to be able to drive that innovation. In the end, it's a temporary, more phasing matter when it comes to the quarterly margins. But if you look at it on a normalized basis, on a full year basis, you will not see those ups and downs. It's just how the phasing of our advertising spend, but we are focusing our efforts on the healthy gross margins to be able to invest back in our brands and not only in skin health but in general.
Thibaut Mongon: So thank you, everyone, for participating to today's call. Once again, as you heard from Paul and I, we are pleased with our third quarter results. It was another healthy quarter for Kenvue. We believe they reflect the strength of our model, the power of our portfolio of iconic brands with operating results and strong cash flow generation, underscoring the strength of our position in the consumer health space. So we look forward to connecting with all of you again to keep you updated on our continuous progress on our future earnings call. So have a great day, and thank you, everyone.
