Thibaut Mongon: Yes, good morning. Anna and thank you for your question. Regarding your first question on value realization, it's really the combination of carryover pricing, new pricing as you stated and a mix. Regarding new price actions, remember that our philosophy at Kenvue is to offset inflation and FX conditions with pricing. So typically we take these price actions in markets and categories where we still see inflation and FX impact. We expect value realization to continue to be part of our value creation algorithm, but as the year continues you will see less and less impact of carryover pricing and you will see more impact of mix and new pricing actions. In terms of your question on the sequential improvement in volume for our Skin Health segment, we are pleased with the early signs of impact of the recovery plan we have put in place since the beginning of the year. I'm encouraged with these early signs. As you said, we see a sequential improvement from Q1 in terms of year-over-year trends. We are reaching more consumers and HCPs successfully. We saw an increase in household penetration for Neutrogena in the US, particularly with millennials and Hispanics, which is encouraging and we have strong building blocks for the back half. So we are executing a thoughtful plan. This will be a journey, but I'm encouraged with what we have seen so far.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes, Steve, as you can tell, we are getting closer to industry standard faster than we anticipated. Having said that, as you heard from Paul, we will continue to invest. One of the realities of the consumer health space is that we are talking about categories that are underpenetrated and where we have many opportunities to expand usage occasions. So as long as we see opportunities to do that, we will raise our investment level. We have many consumers talk to and to recruit into our portfolio with our innovation for many years to come. Having said that, we continue to do that with discipline, always with an eye on strong return on investment, but as long as we see strong returns on our investment, we will continue to free up resources to invest behind our brands and reach more consumers.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes, let me start with the second one very quickly. Andrea, we saw some destocking happening in the US in the first half. We mentioned at the beginning of the year that it impacted Q1. It would continue to impact Q2. That's what happened, and we've seen these levels stabilizing and we don't expect further impact in the back half of the year as we communicated earlier in the year. Outside of the US, we see healthy levels of inventory and don't expect any major movement in that area. On your question on Skin Health and Beauty, it's really the early stage in our recovery plan in the US. As I said, I'm encouraged with what I see. I see that our US team is executing with precision the plan that they outlined at the beginning of the year. We are on track to stabilize the business in 2024. We see volumes continue to improve sequentially as we get into the back half of the year. As we continue to increase our presence and our prominence in store with more displays, I give you the example of the sun season, you will see similar activities in the back half. But also how we reach and engage with dermatologists and consumers in a bigger way, amplifying innovation, especially on social media with influencers. We will continue to execute this plan. It will not happen overnight, but we will see sequential improvement as a year unfolds.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes, Nick, great question. So on the leadership, we are making progress to fill the segment leadership position, so we will inform you when we are ready to do so. In the meantime, things are happening fast and furious. In Kenvue, our Chief Growth Officer, Charmaine England, is leading the segment in interim and making great progress there. I talked about how the US team is focused on execution, the same thing outside the US. So the entire team around the world is mobilized to execute risk precision against our three priorities, and that includes Skin Health and Beauty, and you start seeing the impact of their work. Now, talking about your second question on our brands, our focus is on making sure that our brands are more relevant every day and reach more consumers in multiple ways, and that's why we are so focused on executing risk precision, making sure that we reach more consumers with social media influencers. We reach more dermatologists, so they can recommend the brand more. Through these activities, we are not only reaching more consumers, but we are more relevant. This is also the case with innovation. Innovation is, every time we launch a new product, and Collagen Bank is a good example, it's an opportunity for a brand like Neutrogena to advance its relevance with our target audience and demonstrate our superiority. So our brands are strong, highly penetrated. I talked about the improvement we have seen in the first half in household penetration for Neutrogena in the US, which is great. We are focused on improving the relevance of our brands and innovation plays a big role there.
Thibaut Mongon: Okay, Filippo, good morning. So let me start with your question on Essential Health. We are pleased with the performance of the Essential Health segment. Strong quarter two, strong first half, broad-based growth across every region and every category on top of growth last year. Also, the balance growth between value and volume. We talked about the very strong performance of Listerine, growing double-digit when you see that this brand is a global brand, more than five times bigger than our next competitor. It's a very strong showing, but we have similar momentum going on across the segments with strong innovation. We launched BAND-AID Pro Heal in the US, which is up to a good start. We talked last quarter about having Aveeno kids in the US, which is our expansion from babies into kids to grow the category. This continues to do extremely well. We are also doing very well with our premium state-free napkins in India. So really the theme for us across Essential Health is to expand the categories, bring new users to the categories given the very strong leadership positions we have in each of the categories in which we compete. And that's what you see happening across the portfolio this quarter and the first half. Longer term, that's what we intend to continue to do. Driving category growth, we have a lot of room to grow in these directions, and bringing new users in the category with solutions that help them take better care of their health. And that's what we intend to do moving forward. On the second question regarding China, China is a positive contributor to our growth in Q2 and we expect it to continue to be the case in 2024. Remember that the majority of our business in China is in Self Care with very strong position in energy, energetics, antifungals, pediatrics, and we continue to see Chinese consumers looking for science-based efficacious solutions in the self care space and we are extremely well positioned to respond to this increasing demand. So we remain committed to the China market from this perspective and we expect China to continue to be a positive contributor to our growth. Then we have a small part of our business that is in the other segments and here as everybody else we see in the skin health part that you mentioned a soft category the consumer is more cautious. You have evolving consumer preferences and that's an area where we are more cautious in our investment. Having said that, it's an area where we see the beauty of our model and the strength of our portfolio. While we see Dr.Ci:Labo, a brand of Japanese origin, being negatively impacted this year, we see a very strong demand and very strong growth for our local Chinese brand called Dabao. That's where you see the beauty of the portfolio where multiple brands allow us to cater to the different needs of different consumers.
Thibaut Mongon: Okay, I'll start with telling you a little bit about what we see with consumer and then I will let Paul answer your question on the gross margin in the back half of the year. So when we look at the consumers in the U.S. and frankly around the world, we see that consumers continue to be thoughtful and choiceful on where they make trade-offs. One area where they are not making trade-offs is their health and the health of their loved ones. They are, we see consumers, I would say, increasingly prioritizing their health and the health of their family. We have in our portfolio different price points and different brands to meet them where they are and carry out to the different needs of different consumers but we see that in consumer health, consumers are willing to pay a premium for brands that are science-backed, recommended by their doctors and brought to them by a brand they trust and that's what Kenvue is all about. So in my prepared remark, I talked about Tylenol Easy to Swallow, or Listerine Clinical Solutions. I just talked about BAND-AID Pro Heal. These are all premium solutions that are 10%, 15%, 20% more expensive than the base offering and they are extremely well received by consumers. Why? Because they bring an efficacious solution to real need for consumers. We are not in the impulse buying categories at Kenvue. We are providing efficacious solutions to respond to the needs of our consumers. Another data point that I would give you is that we don't see a change in the penetration of private level in our categories in the US and around the world. If I take the US Self Care category, which is probably one of the most penetrated categories we have in terms of private level, the private level penetration is down so far this year. So we don't see in our categories and at Kenvue what you see in other categories. Having said that, we don't take it for granted and our teams work very hard every day to make sure that we understand our consumers, are close to our consumers and bring them the data, the solutions, the products, the brands they trust and the need to take care of their health.
Thibaut Mongon: Yes, Jeremy, so your first question on what we see in the Skin Health category, we see units about flat in Q2, I would say. You have differences between body, sun, hair and face. Within face, we see some softness recently in moisturizers, but offset by growth in acne as an example. So I would say that from a Kenvue point of view, we are focused on executing the plan I highlighted, and we don't see category dynamics impacting the precision in the execution of our plan moving forward. If you think about the back half of the year, I'm not going to start reporting on Q3, but I would say that, sun, we saw a positive shift in consumption in June, and basically the season is almost is basically done by the end of the second quarter in terms of shipments for us and I would not expect replenishment happening in Q3. For the upcoming cough, cold and flu season that's in front of us, as we said at the beginning of the year, we are planning for normal season this year. What we are seeing is more in terms of phasing of shipments between Q3 and Q4. What we see is retailers reverting to their historical ordering pattern of ordering what they need more in Q4 than in Q3. So last year when we were still recovering from the pre-pandemic in ‘22 and there were questions on supply chain resiliency around the world, we saw some retailers anticipating their purchase in Q3. This year we don't see that happening. We see retailers reverting to their historical ordering pattern capitalizing on the fact that supply chain is more resilient and that certainly is the case with Kenvue. But as always, we will be ready to respond to the demand regardless of the season.
Thibaut Mongon: Peter, yes, good morning, and thanks for the question. So we see sequential improvement in volume in the second half. It will turn to positive. We expect it to happen more towards the fourth quarter, both in terms of volume and also growth. Also keep in mind the comps versus last year. So Q4 will certainly see a positive showing in Skin Health and Beauty.
Thibaut Mongon: All right. Thank you all for all your questions this morning. And I would just end by repeating right that earlier this year, I committed to you that you would see a new Kenvue in action this year, one that the company that is moving quickly to advance our three priorities to reach more consumers effectively, invest better behind our brands and build a culture of growth and impact. And while we are still in the early stages of implementing our strategies, we are confident that we are on the right path to deliver on our near-term targets, but as importantly setting up Kenvue to deliver on our long-term value creation algorithm. So with that, I wish you all a great day. Thank you for joining us on the call and thank you.
