Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes. As we mentioned on past calls, our first priority is growing the company organically. And I did talk on just prior to this, relative to all the technology investments that we have made over the last 10 years and they're coming to fruition now in terms of the wins. We just -- I talked about 3DELRR and I mentioned it's in protest. But I think that was a big win for Raytheon and we'll work through the protest. But also in the last year, we also won Next Generation Jammer, Air and Missile Defense Radar and also FAB-T. So this focus on the organic growth is working. The other areas -- we are looking in taking a disciplined approach for acquisitions in our core markets. And one of our core markets is cyber. And so we are looking at that area. And we'll continue to look at acquisitions to fill gaps in our core markets as we proceed forward.
Thomas A. Kennedy: And Joe, just back to your question on cyber. We mentioned that on an earlier call, that we had gotten a major award from an international customer. So we have gone into the international marketplace relative to cyber, government cyber work. We also received an announcement here internally kept, but for another international customer this quarter. And so we are off and running relative to strong cyber work in the government arena on the international side as well as the domestic.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes. I think IDS -- I mean, it actually had a very good quarter. And so we're definitely pleased with their performance and that they also had strong bookings sales and are looking forward into the fourth quarter and 2 large international bookings that will be coming in on the fourth quarter. So we -- bottom line is IDS is very strong. And we see the revenue maintaining through the fourth quarter and then into the next year. So I think bottom line is, we believe IDS is solid moving forward.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me start in Eastern Europe. And I mentioned on my discussions upfront that we're in a major competition in Poland for an integrated air and missile defense system, and that's had a heightened sense of urgency in Poland relative to the activities going on in Eastern Europe, especially relative to Ukraine. So we do see that kind of coming, moving a little bit to the left into 2015. As we move over to the Middle East, I mean, it's -- you see this in the paper every day, ISIS is right now the big overarching threat and it's more of a tactical-type threat and more effects based. And it was released in the newspaper about a quantity of Tomahawks that were used in the initial days of our efforts there. So in the area of effects, we would see a need in the future to replenish the effects that were used. The -- as we also look at the Middle East, we do see a strong sense in having -- and this is based on my visits to a majority of the countries in the region here in the last 3 months. I think it kind of sums up in the following words, and I heard it in all these different countries from senior leaders of the countries, and that is a strong defense is a strong deterrence. And they were using that in light of integrated air and missile defense. And so you'll see that we completed a major effort in the UAE on Patriot upgrades. We are now into working with Lockheed on the THAAD system and other TPY-2 radars in that country. We move over to Saudi, we're working several projects in Saudi Arabia relative to improving their defense posture. You heard about the Qatar deal, which the first part of it is the Patriot. The second part of it is an early warning radar. And then there's also an air defense operating center that's in there. And then eventually, they'll buy THAAD, which has TPY-2 radars in it. So again, a strong position in Qatar moving forward. And bottom line is the -- we are well positioned in that region for growth relative to our core products. So I don't know if that helps, but it's -- our business is driven by the threat. There is a threat. And that's increasing -- it's increasing demand for our proven technologies and also new technologies, as we see in the awards that I mentioned earlier on the call.
Thomas A. Kennedy: I would say, right now, you hit it right. On international -- part of our international work in terms of percent of sales has been increasing. And right now, we're -- about 30% of our revenue comes from international. We also have a backlog to date of 37% international, which we believe will end the year greater than 40% of our backlog will be international. Traditionally, our international has been a higher margin business. Right now, we are looking conservatively to the future, even taking that in consideration. And we are looking at our margin performance continuing as it has been in the past. Margins are very important to us. We drive them in the business. We really look at trying to take to take as much cost out of the business. And we really work on the type of contracts that we go after and pursue to make sure that they will be profitable programs. And that's, I would say, a #1 priority for the Raytheon Company, and we will continue to support that position.
Thomas A. Kennedy: No. I would just like to address the gaps. As part of our strategic process we go through is we do identify the gaps and in being able to achieve the growth that we expect from our strategy. And as part of that gap, we look at either internal investments or look at acquisitions to fill those gaps in the most cost-effective manner and also relative to speed and agility. And so that's really how we look at it. And that's obviously addressing the synergies that we get by buying these companies.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, the more you load up the factory, the better the financial performance of the programs are. And so bottom line is we'll have the Qatar program going through and another major program going through at the same time. So we do expect improved efficiencies on the production side, which then translate into good margin performance in the out years. Now we do traditionally at the beginning of the program, we start off at lower margins on a per basis on each of the programs as we build confidence and reduce risk moving through, for example, risk on our supply chain or other elements, whether we do increase the margins through the lifetime of the program. That's just the traditional way that we do it from -- to control risk. I don't know. Hopefully, that helps.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes. And getting the cost out is obviously driven to improve our financial performance. But also our customer has a need. And I'm sure you've heard about the Better Buying Power, that OSD's initiatives that they're running. We are working with our customers to drive additional cost out of our products. And part of that is, as you said, reducing our footprint. We're driving and optimizing our global shared services part of our business to get cost out. We also have fully implemented strategic sourcing across our entire business to essentially improve our cost perspective relative to our overall supply chain. And so it's -- we -- and it's been very successful as we move forward. Now working with our customer, we understand that there's -- they need more for less. And so it is important for us to make sure that we deliver products that meet their capability needs but at a cost that they can afford. And we've been doing that and you can see some of the wins we had. The FAB-T program is a prime example of their use of competition. And we believe that we're significantly in line with what our customer wants to do in terms of cost.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me start off with the partnering, and I'll give you a kind of a phrase. We partner for success. And it does help on the international marketplace to be able to partner with strong companies, for example, Kongsberg. You mentioned there is another activity in Poland, another competition that's not Patriot. It's for the -- more in line with our NASAM system. That's a system that protects the nation's capital. You're correct. We are partnering with Kongsberg in that pursuit in Poland. And we think we're in a very good position there. We also have partnered with Kongsberg in Oman on the NASAMS award that we got last year. So we do work with them. We also have a joint venture with TALOS Raytheon systems. Again, we partner with different companies to -- essentially for success and where it makes sense. Relative to a new low-cost interceptor for Patriot, that's just in our overall Patriot road map to continually -- to evolve that system into its next generation. Right now, we have something called Configuration-3 plus. That was a result of the major development activity funded by the United Arab Emirates that has taken Patriot to essentially state-of-the-art technology. And -- but we are going beyond that. We are working solutions for AESA radars for Patriot. We also are looking at reduced-cost interceptors and other C2 and C4I capabilities for the Patriot System. That continues -- we continue to do that, so that we're relevant in the marketplace, and that we continue to win business across the globe. I hope that helps, Howard, but that's how we do business.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Exactly. Expands the footprint, and sometimes certain companies have a better footprint in certain countries. And by partnering, you can be more competitive in the marketplace.
David C. Wajsgras: So Joe, we have talked about our focus on growth. Tom has made that a top priority for the company. We are firstly focused on organic, but growth through acquisitions where it makes strategic and economic sense will also be part of the equation. So this really shouldn't come as any surprise. We have a very healthy balance sheet, strong cash balances, continue to see strong cash flows. So this is just one of our -- one of the elements of capital deployment that we've talked about, certainly, over the past year, 1.5 years.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So that's a fair question. IDS's fourth quarter margins are expected to be in the high 16% to low 17% range. So as I said a few minutes ago and Tom alluded to as well, it's a very strong quarter for IDS. For the full year, we've lowered the IDS margin range to between 15.7% and 15.8%. And as you just mentioned, it's primarily based on year-to-date performance. More specifically, within the fourth quarter, we see stronger margins than the year-to-date run rate, driven by some customer and program milestones related to risk retirement. Mix isn't a significant factor. I'll tell you this again, mix is not a significant factor in the fourth quarter, as we have some mature production programs nearing completion that are offset by the impact of the new starts. So again, we're seeing a strong fourth quarter, strong margins, good productivity. It's just slightly lower than what we had expected earlier.
David C. Wajsgras: So let me just add a little bit to what Tom just mentioned. So third quarter sales were down from the prior year and slightly down, which is what Tom was alluding to, from our expectations. We had assumed that Qatar Patriot award at the end of the third quarter and it's moved into now the fourth quarter. We do see a quick ramp on the Qatar program in Q4 as well as the other international Patriot award that Tom again mentioned just a few minutes ago, which combined, drive the fourth quarter sales growth. We've been working with our supply chain to prepare for these awards. And you'll note that we did build some inventory over the last couple of quarters. We've built ahead and we've done this before, and we'll recognize the revenue upon award during the fourth quarter before year-end. So I hope that helps.
David C. Wajsgras: You picked right up on that, Rob, didn't you? Yes. So look, the company doesn't anticipate any wholesale changes to the way we've talked about capital deployment. We've had, I think, a policy that has served the shareholders well with respect to a balance around capital deployment, with respect to dividends and share repurchases. We've funded the pension plan, from our perspective, appropriately. We've invested in our sales. Tom mentioned a couple of technology investments we've made. We're going to continue to do that as we move forward. There is a cost obviously associated with consolidating footprint or improving utilization. So we'll continue to invest in ourselves from that perspective as well. I mentioned to one of your colleagues earlier, relative to acquisitions and smartly investing in acquisitions that make strategic sense and importantly, financial sense, both in the near and longer term. So the short version is we understand our cash position quite well, and we continue to look for ways to best drive both near-term and long-term shareholder value.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So we've talked about this in the past. We have, even as far back as last year, we had seen the back half of '16 and as we go into 2017, as the reversal of the trend that the sales line has been on over the last 3 or 4 years, we still anticipate that being the case. The bookings are coming in quite strong, both domestically and internationally. So over time, we see growth returning to Raytheon. And again, this is almost exactly what we had said about a year ago.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. So a strong balance sheet is one of the issues that I don't see a problem dealing with, okay? We're pretty pleased that it's not the other end of the spectrum. So understanding that, we -- the rating -- the target rating for us would not go any lower than a BBB+ as we sit here today and look out. I know the rating is slightly above that, given the strength of the balance sheet and net debt position, the outlook for cash flows. Going forward, again, I'm not going to repeat everything I just mentioned a moment ago on capital deployment. From a leverage position, we think we're in a relatively good position today. Could we afford some more leverage on the balance sheet and maintain the rating? Yes, we could. So I think the way that investors should view Raytheon is we're in a strong position financially. We're not going to sacrifice the strong position financially. It gives us the ability to pull multiple levers to drive value from an investor's perspective without putting too much risk on the company, risk from a financial perspective.
David C. Wajsgras: And just one last point. With respect to size of acquisitions, I know you're aware of this. I think most people are. We have not been very active in the M&A market for the last couple of years, by design, for a number of reasons. With respect to the size of the acquisitions, it's probably not in investors' best interest or the company's best interest to handcuff ourselves to a certain amount. Certainly, I don't see a problem with doing deals larger than we've done in the past. But again, I think the most important thing is, when we look at acquisitions, we want to make sure that we can maintain the type of capital deployment plan, execute the type of capital deployment that we have in the past, and we don't want to sacrifice one for the other. So that's probably the best way to think about how we're thinking about size of acquisitions.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. There was a settlement that we had relative to a long-dated pension litigation with the U.S. government. It goes back to -- prior to 2000 that was settled. That was a big piece of what's in there.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. No, I saw that, and we looked at it obviously. For us, I'll use my term, it was a bit of a rounding error. What we call the flow-through was under $10 million spread across 4 different segments. So it does impact all companies differently. It depends on overall percent of completion, your mix of fixed price versus cost-type business. There's a lot of elements that go into that. But for us, it was not meaningful.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So good question. Let me just -- I talked about IDS earlier. So I won't go over that segment again. With respect to missiles, the most important metric from that business's perspective is the book-to-bill, which is 1.11 year-to-date. So we do see a fairly healthy ramp in Q4 on their year-to-date bookings, and that's why you're seeing very strong sales in Q4. So the combination -- and you nailed it, the combination of IDS and missile systems have a fairly meaningful impact from a company level perspective in the fourth quarter.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. If you put a stake in the ground, I actually think it's a little bit north of that. But again, I would urge you not to reach any conclusions based on the spot market today, especially with respect to the returns. The other thing I would ask you to look at is the cash flow over the next 3 years, which increases substantially as a result of the highway bill. But you're right. I mean, point to point, you're right. That's the arithmetic. That's the grid. But as you well know, between now and year-end, things will definitely change.
Myles A. Walton: I was wondering if we could start on a clarification first. Was there any cume catch in the segments from the CAS adjustment. Northrop called one out and Lockheed didn't. I just didn't know if there's one for you guys.
Myles A. Walton: Okay, great. The real question was on sales target for the year. And given the sales kind of what you're shooting for in the quarter didn't come through, you did raise the low end of the guidance range. Even at that low end, I think it would be one of the more bountiful sequential growths you've had from a 3Q to 4Q. You talked about IDS, and that's dependent on securing contracts. And then missiles is the other big moving target. Is there something there you need to secure as well? And it just seems like you'd put a little bit more factoring behind a lot of this to maybe not have brought up that guidance range.
Myles A. Walton: I mean, missiles was 1.6 in the second quarter. And obviously, it didn't lead to anything in the third quarter. So it's just it will come, you have it in hand and it's just delivering what you have.
