Thomas A. Kennedy: First of all, there was two programs I think you're alluding to that did impact us on the Q1 results. They do have unique circumstances. One of them was a program, essentially complete and we are having some, I would call it warranty issues on some shelters from a supplier. We are working through that with the supplier. We did take a charge this quarter due to that. However, we are working with that supplier to essentially recover those costs. Very similar to, if you look at last year at Missiles, we had an issue with a supplier and we recovered the cost from that supplier last year. This is unfortunately in some cases part of the business when a supplier doesn't perform or has issues, we have to take the charge, but then we go back and recover those costs, and that's where we're at on that one. The other one was a little bit of a stranger deal with a customer relative to some changes in scope and defining whose responsibility the scope was and also some other issues relative to the structure of the contract. So it's more of a – to us it's kind of a one-time type of an issue. We don't see that as systemic across the business. And so I am looking at these two as one-off and we are disappointed in the fact that they are one-offs, that they even exist, but we don't see them as being systemic across the business. I hope that helps.
Thomas A. Kennedy: No, I think we – on my discussions I did talk about the fact that we believe that this volume is sustainable through this year and into next, so we feel fairly solid about the 2016 and 2017 in terms of growth, and Toby'll take you into some of the details.
Thomas A. Kennedy: And Rob, one thing we're seeing is a little different this year at Missiles is we're seeing the demand across the entire portfolio of Missiles, all of our franchises, the Paveways, the TOWs, AMRAAMs, the 89Xs the CRAMs, the Griffins, and even a resurgence on our Gen T missiles for Patriot. So it's not like it's in one area. It's across the whole portfolio.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. So the legacy filtering business from the legacy Websense was down in the quarter by about a third. Okay? That said, excluding the acquisition of Stonesoft that we had in the first quarter – even taking that into account Forcepoint sales on a normalized basis did grow 9%, so the TRITON product and the Federal business that came over from RCP more than offset the decrease in the legacy web filtering business.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, I think number one is, as you know, we've been in the Middle East a long time. And I just mentioned on earlier the 50-year celebration in Saudi. So we've been working a lot of these projects for many years already, so there's several that are coming to fruition. You mentioned one, which is the early warning radaring in Qatar. And we also have other activities that we're seeing, I want to say strength in, and that is the area of C5ISR across the region. And one of the big areas is integrating all of these missile defense capabilities that a nation has and tying them together and providing a common operating picture for those, tying that together with an interoperating center and then providing an overall joint operating center for the entire country. So we're seeing a demand signal for that kind of capability across the region. And then outside of the radar I mentioned, there's just a replenishment of – essentially of effectors that have been either used or are now kind of off the shelf, the expiration dates that they need to replenish. And that's just happening, so we're not seeing anything that's slipping to the right in those elements in the Middle East right now.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. I think there's really three – I'll hit it in three kind of big buckets. One is – you're obviously correct, is the OPTEMPO. I would say the other one is just the – actually call it the Third Offset Strategy type efforts that we're seeing in terms of enhancing missile capabilities. And I think I already talked about – I did talk about the SM-6 and the Tomahawk and adding in the anti-ship capabilities. And we're also seeing on the – essentially in the missile defense area, our whole SM-3 product line and the enhancements there relative to missile defense. And if you marry those to what you're seeing out in the world today, relative to the tempo efforts that are going on in the Middle East, the stuff from North Korea relative to the missile defense required for that, it ties in. And then the overall Third Offset Strategy bringing in the improvements in our Missiles across the board, including looking at hypersonics. I think those three things are driving it. So as I mentioned before, we're not seeing just one of the franchises, or a couple of the programs increasing in volume and increasing demand, it's across the whole portfolio. I think that's what's different.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. So let me step back because we're going on one year since we acquired the Websense company and then integrated it in with our Raytheon Cyber Products group. And then with the recent acquisition of Stonesoft created a, I would call it a commercial cyber security products company that has about a $600 million revenue, which puts it right up there in terms of the largest cyber security commercial software companies in the world. And what we're seeing is the demand for those products across, essentially across each one of their major areas, the TRITON product, the Stonesoft next-generation firewalls, and the SureView product line that came out of RCP. And we're really looking at how do we go to the next level relative to the growth of that business. And one of the areas that we see as a big opportunity is in the large enterprises. The Websense company came across as a very strong, solid foundation in the SME area, small to medium-sized enterprises, with some large enterprises. But we see significant opportunity in expanding into the large enterprise area. And Matt Moynahan has significant experience in that area, his work all the way back in Symantec, Veracode and also at Arbor Networks. And so we needed to bring in a leader with that kind of experience to go drive the expansion and the market segmentation into those two groups. That's really the – he's the right guy to now come in and then take the steed. (44:19) J-Mac, John McCormack did an excellent job for us in the integration and making sure that we had a solid foundation, but we believe now it's time to bring in somebody who can take us into the next markets, especially in the large enterprises.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well I think there's always a concern on their part that they're getting value for their money. And I think that's one of the areas is does the system work. Can they operate the system? And I think my last trip in, seeing the fact that they are operating the systems that we provide and that they are seeing success is ensuring them at least the value that they're getting from our solution set that we offer. So I didn't see any issues relative to any of my visits in country, relative to any concerns in terms of value for what they're getting from us. Because they're getting the results.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well it's definitely at its infancy right now. We are working with the Army, also with some of our competitors, to help them define what this program is moving forward. Obviously we feel that a new missile can provide the best capability with the best cost and being able to integrate as much of the new technology that's out there as possible. So that's really our position moving forward on it. It's at its infancy. And as we get more information relative to the Army, we'll be glad to share that with you over time.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well again, this is – this award is to go complete the engineering, manufacturing and development phase of the program. And so the assets or the pods, 15 pods that are going to be developed are essentially EEMS assets, (50:23) assets that'll be used for qualification in terms of flight tests and also environmental tests that will be done on the pods to ensure that they meet the overall requirement needs of the United States Navy. So that's what that program is. Following that program, there'll be a transition to production, LRIP and then a full-on – you asked about a period of performance. It's approximately four years for that $1 billion-dollar program.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, I mean so the – you're absolutely correct on the Jammer. That's about a four-year period of performance. The other big contract, the classified one, is another four-year period of performance. So I would say it's going to have sustainable growth definitely over the next two years, just based on the bookings that they've received here in the last quarter, and obviously last year in 2015.
Anthony F. O'Brien: And I think the other thing Howard, on these two, as I mentioned, I'll reiterate, we don't see any significant financial exposure going forward on either one of these two programs. We think this captures it and bounds it. And I'd also just augment a little bit; we do have a lot of programs as we talk about historically across our portfolio. We feel very confident in the processes that – by which we use to manage those programs and monitor their progress, and as we said, unfortunately, here there were just some unique circumstances on these two that did impact us here in the quarter and we're going to work to try to at least on the first one at IDS, as Tom said, get some of the impact that we sustained during the quarter recovered through the supplier.
Anthony F. O'Brien: And Howard, just from a numbers point of view, so the increase in the first quarter were about 3.5% of sales there's, call it, just under $60 million in absolute dollars of increase and that delta is split roughly 50/50, half being related to Forcepoint, right, which because of the timing of the acquisitions, wasn't in the first quarter of last year, and the other half primarily driven by our Missiles business for a lot of the reasons Tom just talked about. And as a reminder, for the full year, we're looking at about 3.2% of sales across the business. That's up from last year; but 80%-plus of that increase again is related to Forcepoint and the balance to the spending across the rest of the defense business.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, I think Rob – some of what you saw in the first quarter at Missiles was timing within the year, not just for Missiles, but for the total company. As I mentioned, we do have a ramp through the year, especially into the back half. So we still see Missiles, to your point in the high single digits from a growth point of view with the cadence improving through the second half of the year as we ramp up on some of our recent international production and development programs. So we feel we still have it pegged with the current guidance, and really, Q1 was more timing than anything else.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. No, that's a fair question Sam. So no, we did not consider these in the guidance that we gave; either the one at IDS or the one at Missiles. Now just remember the $90 million in the K that you're referring to would be the cost to us to exit the venture, not necessarily the P&L impact but the cash impact. But as far as how we expect to see things improving or recovering this, we do expect to see margins get better or expand in Q2 and beyond that into the second half of 2016. And as I mentioned before, even looking out into 2017, we still see opportunity for margin expansion. And again, as a reminder, that's excluding the $125 million to $150 million impact from the business venture exit in 2016. That said, if you think about Q2 for a minute, we do expect it to be in line with Q1 when you adjust Q1 for the impact of the two programs that I talked about, that I mentioned had about a 100 basis point impact. If you look over the last couple years, from a total company point of view, we typically see our higher margins in the back half and even more towards Q4. We still see it playing out the same this year, and it was set up that way in the initial guidance we gave even before these charges. We also have the gain in Q3 from the venture exit that we talked about, and then we do expect the improved performance in Q4 as we ramp up on some of our production programs, both through the retirement of risk and benefit from the combination of strong volume and driving efficiencies. So there is a ramp, Sam. The increase in the gain on the venture accounts for part of the way that this is offset, combined with generally speaking, driving more efficiencies through the business in the back half of the year. And again, other than those adjustments in the first quarter, not much has really changed relative to the cadence as to how we see things ramping up through the year.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, Carter, I'll just give you a quick, from a financial perspective, and then let Tom weigh in on it from a balance of the question there. But we didn't change the outlook for the year. So things are on track financially, both from a growth and a margin point of view. And we've been talking beyond this year that we would expect to see beyond the high single-digit growth rate this year, moving into the teens with some margin expansion. So all that still remains on track, and Tom can add to that as well.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Sure. On the IDS question, we've not assumed any additional recovery in our outlook beyond the charge we took, but as I mentioned and Tom mentioned, we are going to work to pursue that from our subcontractors going forward. On the pension requirement, next year – this year we're looking at about $165 million. Next year it's about $933 million, and as a reminder, that increase is due to the fact that the plan comes out of full funding from a PPA point of view. We now have to fund the annual service cost and obviously, given the market performance last year, we would be needing to recover and fund the – or amortize over a few years the shortfall that we had. When you look out beyond, in 2017 and beyond, I think the best way to think of it is from a net cash perspective, a net funding perspective. While it's not as much as this year, right, which is around a positive $1.3 billion, think of it as about $700 million based upon current assumptions per year in 2017 and beyond as a run rate going forward.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. 2016 is a little bit of an anomaly given how CAF harmonization kicks in. We're still in full funding from a PPA point of view. So we have the spike up to the $1.3 billion. Last year, as a reminder, we were about $800 million, but the $700 million plus or minus would – based upon our current assumptions, would be a run rate.
Anthony F. O'Brien: So I – David, I think that's a little tough to do, to really define normalized given the mix of development and production programs and the timing of completions and starts move around and it's not consistent business-by-business. What I can maybe give you a little bit of color on, I'll just go real quick by the businesses is maybe give you an indication on how we see things playing out through the balance of this year, right. So we talked about IDS and what happened in the quarter with the $36 million impact. But we do see the margin improving through the year, partly driven by improvement in business mix as some of our larger international programs move through the production cycle. And then you mentioned it a minute ago, we do have in the second half, in the third quarter, the gain from the exit of the venture, which is $125 million to $150 million, and that's about 210 to 250 basis points at the IDS level. For IIS we're expecting total year 7.4 to 7.6 (53:16). That would be roughly in line with 2015 after adjusting for the Q1 eBorders. What we see happening, compared to Q1 there, is improved mix moving going forward within IIS. Some improved productivity as we move through the year, and also some improvement coming from expected award fees for IIS. From a Missiles point of view, we talked about the impact in the first quarter with the $22 million adjustment, but if we look forward for the balance of the year, we still see Missiles getting to the 13% to 13.2% range with margins starting to improve or expand in Q2 and in the second half of the year. Really driven by mix and the timing and the ramp up of programs and some expected efficiencies that we would see at Missiles. At SAS, they were down year over year in Q1 as we expected really, driven by some mix, but they were a little bit ahead of our expectations for the quarter. And then, when we think about SAS moving forward, again we're still in the 12.9% to 13.1% range and we do expect the margin to improve throughout the year driven by more favorable mix and therefore the timing of some program improvements. At Forcepoint, real quick, margin improved in the quarter because of the addition of Websense the acquisition last year. It's still on track for the total year of 11.5% to 12.5% range. Really with a little bit more of a ramp or expansion in the second half of the year driven by two things, the completion of integration activities related to the Stonesoft acquisition and also as the sales ramp up in the back half of the year. So overall, we do see the cadence improving in Q2 as well as the second half, primarily as we progress through program lifecycles on some of our more recent awards and due to the timing of expected program improvements as well.
Anthony F. O'Brien: So there's the potential for it to be recurring, Myles. We have our shares that vest, some of them vest in Q1, and some of them vest in Q2. And the determination as to whether there'd be an impact is driven by where the market price of the stock is on the date they vest compared to the price at issuance, the strike price at issuance. So there could be volatility, but it could be negative volatility as well if our stock price were to go down. So we're going to have to assess that on an annual basis based upon the market and what's happening out there. So I wouldn't necessarily jump to the conclusion that the 100 basis point adjustment is the right thing. It will be really something that we'll have to look at on a year to year basis.
