Anthony F. O'Brien: In January, you guys issued some cumulative cash flow targets that implied or that talked about $7 billion to $8 billion in 2019 and 2020. Can you talk about some of the building blocks going from this year to next, given the operating cash flow guide in 2019? It just seems that since that January target was issued, sales are clearly better. So I'm just curious, what some of the changes are, and if you could also mention CapEx in the next year as well, that would be helpful too. Thank you.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, Jon, it's Toby. Let me take a crack at that. So you're right, we had talked about a $7 billion to $8 billion range over the next couple years. Since that time, we made a discretionary pension contribution that we talked about improving cash flow all else equal of about $1 billion over the 2019 to 2020 period. Our operating cash flow outlook for 2019, that I mentioned earlier in the $3.8 billion to $4 billion range is in line with that original range in additional pension benefits. So, things are continuing to track as we would expect there. A little bit more color. We do expect to see some higher cash from operations, and pension as I just alluded to, but there is going to be a partial offset with higher cash taxes, if you want to think of it certainly compared to 2018. And then from a CapEx perspective, think of it for 2018 maybe slightly increased as a percentage of sales, 3% to 4%, as we continue to invest in the business compared to in the roughly 3% range that we are seeing for 2018.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, Rob, let me take a crack at that. So, as we said, this is our initial look at 2019, and we did say in – margins in line next year with what we're seeing this year at the segment level. As we discussed before, the margins can be impacted by the timing of risk retirements as well as mix, especially as we start up new programs and – including development programs at lower margins. We are continuously focused on margins and we'll continue to do so through the balance of this year into 2019. I think if you want a little bit of color on the mixed side of things, right now for the current mix we see is roughly 60% from fixed price contracts. Again, we've talked a lot about the mix that we're seeing in development versus production cost type versus fixed price higher classified and CRAD sales. I just mentioned – and not new news, but when we start programs up, we start them up at a lower-margin rate until we get to a point where we're comfortable that we can retire risk and move on the margins. That said, as I mentioned, we're still in the planning process for 2019. There are these factors that are influencing margins. We see improvements in some areas right. So we got some puts and takes, but overall, we're pleased with the margin performance. We're early in our process and we're always focused on trying to improve our margins.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yes, so just given the events, to give you a little bit of color and sight to how we're thinking about Saudi; sitting here today, as Tom mentioned, we continue to be aligned with the administration's policies and we plan to honor our commitments. We don't usually get into customer-specific financials, but again, given all the events of late, I will tell you that our Saudi business represents nearly 5% of our year-to-date 2018 revenue. And looking ahead, we see it flattish year-over-year in 2019. This includes our backlog for both defensive and offensive weapons, as well as services and support programs. As far as any new orders, we have an assumption in the fourth quarter of 2018 for a couple of follow-on support contracts and next year we have a major award assumed for the TPY-2 Radar program, which, as all of our bookings are, is factored. And as Tom said, and just to reinforce it as a reminder, our sales aren't dependent on any one contract or foreign country specifically, and again, it just goes to show the strength of our diverse portfolio. But that's a little color on how we're thinking of Saudi based on what we know today.
Anthony F. O'Brien: And George, I would just add on the financial side of it, the revised outlook, it's in line with where we started the year out with the original guide for missiles and I mentioned when – on Doug's question we did have an international order move out of the year where we would have had some inventory liquidation. That's the major driver for the change in the revenue guidance and that was not competitive, that was a sole-source order – it's a timing issue. And I'd also tell you, quantitatively we've talked about before how the company – at the company level, we see our competitive win rate in the 70% range plus or minus. I'll tell you, Missiles is above that based on a year-to-date basis this year. So, really just timing is the way to think of it.
Anthony F. O'Brien: And I think just real quick relative to the investment, I mentioned CapEx on Jon's question for next year; from an R&D point of view, think of it similar to where we are this year, around 3% of sales.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yes, Sam, so we are not going to give specific detail by business for 2019 really just because we are early on in the process. What I can tell you, to give you a little bit of color, we do see most of the business margins in line with 2018 and I'm just going to leave it at that for now and we'll go into the segment-by-segment detail and year-over-year flux on the January call.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. So Cai, for this year, based upon the $1-billion increase, the book-to-bill for both domestic, foreign and the total company are kind of sort of in the same ballpark. I think around 1.1 plus or minus is just a coincidence. Tom mentioned even in the quarter, we have 1.28 and that was – 1.28 domestically and internationally. So, right around 1.1 for both the domestic, foreign and total company. As far as next year, I think at this level, just at a high level we expect to see continued growth both domestically and internationally, and will quantify that more in January.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, I'll just add, I mean I wouldn't expect to see any dramatic shift or reallocation of capital around the framework, or within the framework Tom talked about. We do see value in our stock clearly and we are committed in – over time to continue to reduce our share count. The guidance we have for this year is about 1.5% reduction year-over-year and then – and again in January we'll give you some insight on to how we are thinking about the total aspect of capital deployment for 2019.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. So I think – you're right on the cash, Myles, just to confirm, how you characterize the cash is correct.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, Rich. I mean, as I mentioned earlier and we do all the time, we're always looking for different ways to improve our productivity through capital investment, through initiatives to our supply chain, utilizing Six Sigma, more from an automation point of view, we talked about our shared services that we stood up several years back that we continue to try to maximize the benefit from there. We continue to see productivity. We've got assumptions in the 2019 numbers that we talked about earlier and the way to think about it, we're getting more productivity and it's needed because right now when we set margins in line, we are seeing the headwinds from the mix within the business and that improved productivity is helping to mitigate the impact from a margin point of view of the improved mix – the negative mix from a margin point of view.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. Doug, I'll start here and I'll give you a little bit of color on what we did here relative to the outlook for this year. As far as sales go, we see a couple of changes from our prior guidance. We have been expecting an international order for production program that would have had a favorable impact on sales by – including by liquidating some inventory in the fourth quarter. The timing of that award has moved out of the year. We also see a shift in the ramp-up on a couple domestic backlog programs that's moved into 2019. Overall, we're still growing at 8% to 9% and that's on top of 10% growth last year. So we're pleased with what Missiles is doing and how they're growing. Relative to the margin, when you look at their year-to-date performance and we've discussed this on prior calls, we are seeing an increase in new development programs, right. Higher CRAD, higher classified work, and they all bode well for the future, but they have impacted margins in the short term and additionally, the latter – later timing of the international program award I just mentioned, impacts the mix in Q4 which has also impacted their margins. We do expect margins at Missiles to improve in Q4 and in 13 – low- to mid-13% close to 14% range, really driven by the timing of potential program efficiencies. As far as 2019 – I'm not going to get into 2019 at this point, but I will say, as we said before, as I just mentioned what Rob talked, we continue to focus on margins in the business. We continue to make capital investments to improve our productivity, especially in the factories and always look for ways to be more efficient to try to offset the impacts of mix. So, overall we expect to deliver solid margins next year on good growth and we'll be more specific as we get to January.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Hey Doug, its Tom. Just one thing to add relative to Missiles, which is a big plus for us, is the fiscal year 2019 budget had the funding in it for multi-years so we're not just one other franchises but for two. So it's a multi-year – five-year multiyear for SM-6 and then also another five-year multi-year for SM-3. So it's pretty clear for us, because that does give us insight into the factory and stability there for about eight years. So, again, five year is the last option awarded to carry out three, giving us eight years of factory stability. And the bottom line is, we see missiles as being a very healthy business for us here out in the future.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. I'll start it off and then Toby, obviously, this is something that we've been watching very carefully, but as you know, and I think as you kind of alluded to upfront, we have supported the kingdom of Saudi Arabia in securing defense for more than 50 years and through that course of time, we have seen issues that have occurred at different periods of uncertainty. And we've always resolved them through the end and by doing this one thing, it's actually following the direction and position of the U.S. administration, which were right behind in making sure that we understand where they are going and that we're locked in step behind them. Also our business and just to remind everyone, is not dependent on any one customer or one program or one franchise. We are a global company providing technology and security solutions for over 80 countries and we have numerous global franchises. So I'm pretty confident that we will weather this complexity, mainly it's kind of a geopolitical environment we have right now and then working through that. That said, we have looked at things and Toby can kind of give you some of the financial details of what this potentially could mean to us moving forward.
Thomas A. Kennedy: George, we don't – I don't see any issue there. I mean, we all started from different points. We've been on a ride here since 2015 with increases and actually have accelerated growth through that business here since that time. So we're very happy with where we're at relative to Missiles and where we are going. We just had a big – several being wins here. One is the Naval Strike Missile which will be a replacement to the Harpoon missile, which we believe is close to about an $8-billion franchise program and several others like that. We are heavily participating in the hypersonic new missile work that's going on with DARPA with two programs, one is the HAWC and the other one is the TBG, Tactical Boost Glide. And we're also participating on the Army programs. The PRSM precision strike weapon which is replacement to ATAC, I know all of these are upside to us because we didn't have the Harpoon before and we didn't have the ATacMS before. So, we feel we're very competitive and then even on hypersonics, there's a whole other area nobody seems to be talking about, which is the counter-hypersonics, which we're heavily engaged in. A lot of this activity is classified, so I can't go into a lot of details, but we're very positive about the missile company and its growth moving out here in the next several years.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes, thanks for the question, Carter. Let me start with – first of all, Raytheon is not a platform company, and instead our innovative solutions and our franchise is across multiple platforms. So, I think that helps us relative to some of the rhetoric that you heard yesterday bouncing around. So, we have not really seen those kind of impacts relative to our competitions', so it hasn't really been meaningful to us. But in the endgame, we feel that when the contracting environment is such that we have a level playing field, we do quite well and as Toby just mentioned a while ago, our win rates are in the 70% across the board for the company. So, we feel we're doing a very good job relative to winning new competitive business. And the other element is we take that competitive business to the international marketplace relative to expanding these franchises globally, which has helped us out quite a bit. All that said, price is important and it's important to our customer, so we have to be cost-effective. So, one of the things that we have been doing is using our technology and technology we've been developing and bringing to these competitions, not just to enhance the performance of our solution, but also to take out the cost significantly. And so we've been looking at cost on day one of every one of these competitions to figure out our overall strategy; who we're going to go team with, what type of technologies we're going to bring to the game, what we're going to have to do in our factories to get cost out, and I think the work that we have been doing seems to be paying off. And again, you have to look at our results, and our results are our win rates. So we are very comfortable and now at the same time, we do understand that folks will do a return on investment relative to some of these major franchise programs, and we'll do long ball relative to those and try to determine what makes sense for them and where they can expand these franchises, both globally, and do a lateral exploitation of them into potentially other solutions for the customers. I will tell you we do that on a daily basis here and that's why we have a franchise strategy and we look – I think that's one of the reasons why our win rates are so high in this market.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, first of all, we don't see a direct impact relative to the merger of the two companies, L3 and Harris. We – turns out they are not our main competitors across our markets. We do run into them on certain competitions and we are definitely pleased with the portfolio of advanced solutions we have. We have been investing significantly here since about 2014. That was our roadmap that we laid out for our investors that we said that we were going to grow the company and we have been doing that year-over-year. So we essentially have accelerated growth through that time span. And again, I think those investments have been paying off relative to the competitions that we have been in and that's what's leading to this greater than 70% competitive win rate moving forward.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me just lay things out here. It's a great, great question. First of all, there was this – the administration talking about a potential 5% cut to the fiscal year 2020 budgets. Many of the agencies are in 5% cut from fiscal year 2019 and there's been some further discussions out there, some other information that says it's really for the defense budget. It's really they're looking at potentially 2.5% cut. Now that was off of a number that included OCO so we're not positive; some of the 2.5% or majority of them could come right out of OCO and then – therefore have zero impact, but even if it's full 2.5% against the fiscal year 2019 budget, what that will do is take it back to the fiscal year 2018 budget and if you remember, the fiscal year 2018 budget was 19% increase over the fiscal year 2017 budget. So bottom-line, the fiscal 2018 pretty healthy Defense budget. So we're on – based on the award that we received – will be receiving in 2018 and also 2019, we feel that we'll be in a really great shape for fiscal year 2020 and that's one of the reasons why we have given a fairly leading-forward guidance relative to revenue growth in 2020 – in 2019; 6% to 8% growth. And so bottom line is, we think the budget process is right in the line where we need it to be, and we obviously will be watching on a day-to-day basis. The other one, I just mentioned earlier, which is helps us relative to some stability here over the next several years is the multi-year awards on SM-6 and then also on the SM-3 five-year multi-years on both of those taking us out giving us the stability in the factory for about eight years. And bottom-line is that we still have a long process to go on a fiscal year 2020 budget before it's finalized. Congress has to weigh in on the Defense level standings and then – but do remember, the Congress did provide increases significantly above the Trump administration's request for the DoD top-line at fiscal year 2018 and a DoD modernization budget in fiscal year 2019. So bottom line is it's not over until it's over. We got to go through a long process, but right now we believe that we are at a – even at the minimum, we're in a very good position moving forward.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, I will hit that real quick. Bottom line is, we are committed to a balance capital development strategy and you can see that we are continuing to investment in our selves; those investments are paying off and our win rates on competitive – we believe that's the right thing to continue to grow our top lines as you're making – continuing with those investment and obviously we're also supporting the pension and our dividend and ensuring we do drive total shareholders return relative to this capital deployment strategy that we have in place.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes, Miles, let me take that one first. The Warfighter FOCUS is – bottom line is that program is rolling off a lot slower than we initially anticipated and we are picking up other similar work, both domestically and internationally, to fill the hole for Warfighter FOCUS. So bottom line is that team is been very successful with that but they've also been very successful in winning other awards and bringing other business on board. Competitive win rates are very high and they're actually making quite a bit of progress on the international front relative to their international cyber work. They just won a major deal in Oman, and so the business is doing really well.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. I think relative to Q3 in the quarter – let me start with bookings. There was 13% year-over-year growth and if you remember, they had a 29% year-over-year improvement in Q2, so the trend there is positive and encouraging. The Q3 sales growth was a little lower than our expectations, however, the team did do a good job in controlling cost in the quarter. And we were pleased with the return to profitability that you alluded to in Q3, with margins in line with our expectations. Looking forward to Q4, we do expect to see continued bookings growth about in line with Q3's growth rate. We do expect stronger sales growth and another quarter of positive operating profit and margins about in line with Q3, 9%-10% give or take from that perspective there. As far as the optionality, everything remains in play. As we've talked about in the past, we did go into the commercial cyber business to unlock trapped value in the company, and over time, we expect to do that and all options are out there that we will consider at the right time.
