David Wajsgras: Yes, so you'll recall that when we gave initial guidance back in January for the year, we had a range of about $800 million, and it was the widest range, certainly, in recent history. And that's just as a result of what was going on. Midpoint through the year, we have better clarity. I wouldn't say there is anything specific in any of the segments. Again, we have good visibility for the third and fourth quarter. We've been able to tighten up our expectations of the timing of awards and how these will play out from a sales standpoint. So there's nothing remarkable. I just feel that we have a better view of how we're going to close out 2011. I do want to point out one thing. This does not reflect any loss of business. Again, it's just a retiming and a better gauge on how we see things playing out.
David Wajsgras: Well, let me try to put it a little bit differently, okay? And I had a sense, George, that you might ask me this question. So here's the way I think about it. We improved the first half from an EPS standpoint of say, I don't know, $0.14, $0.15, $0.16. And that was driven by the timing of the cost efficiencies that Bill spoke to earlier and I spoke to a little bit as well. Then we tightened the sales range in the back half of the year for both the third and the fourth quarter, and we offset roughly $50 million of associated earnings, again, principally with the cost efficiencies. So when you stand back from this, we're continuing to drive margins and earnings results from cost efficiencies, as we tighten up the sales guidance from a full year standpoint. It's a first half, second half thing, George.
David Wajsgras: Right. So SAS continues to perform well. I would say, on virtually every level of the business. So from a margin perspective, specifically, the timing of productivity improvements in that business are second half weighted. Notwithstanding the broader company, from an SAS business perspective, you'll see greater improvements from a productivity standpoint flowing through their financials in the third and fourth quarter. With respect to NCS, the year-to-date margins are higher than guidance, and that was driven by a couple of things, both the productivity and cost efficiency actions that were taken in NCS, as well as mix. They had a fairly strong level of sales in some production programs, and that also helped out margins in the first half. So again it's, I would say, there's nothing too remarkable in either of the businesses. It's simply timing from first half to second half.
David Wajsgras: Well, that's a good question, Rob. We actually don't provide formal guidance on bookings. We have a target for bookings that has not changed since our initial guidance of $27.5 billion for the year, plus or minus $500 million. And it's probably important to note that about 30% of that will come from international sales. Let me just ask the next question that you're probably going to -- let me answer the next question that you're probably going to ask me anyway. So from a book-to-bill standpoint, we still expect to close out the year in the 1.06 to 1.08 range, and I suggest that we're biased toward the higher end of that range.
David Wajsgras: AST in the quarter was -- had about $56 million in sales and roughly $90 million year-to-date, most of it obviously being classified.
David Wajsgras: Sure, yes. Well, Bill just mentioned the Small Diameter Bomb II, and that will be ramping up, by way of example. And there's other programs in the missiles group not quite that size, but they're also ramping up from a production standpoint. With respect to NCS, that ramp is based on both some wins. Again, it's a very robust portfolio of a lot of smaller-type programs. Wins that took place in the second quarter, and that we're expecting in the third quarter, when we're expecting to ramp up there as well. We're comfortable with the second half sales guidance.
David Wajsgras: No, and maybe I didn't go -- I wasn't quite as clear as I should've been with one of your colleagues. There was some favorable impact from mix, I talked about our production program. And that was both internationally and domestically. And they just did an excellent job with respect to bringing forward some cost productivity and cost efficiency initiatives. So there wasn't anything remarkable there. The only area that I would say that something was sort of a non-recurring, for lack of a better term, was the contractually -- a contractual-related settlement in missile systems. But other than that, there was nothing else in the company.
David Wajsgras: Yes, just to echo a little bit of what Bill just mentioned. A few years back, one of the strategic thrusts that Bill put forward was to have an exceptionally solid financial foundation. The balance sheet is very, very healthy. The pension plan is tracking toward being fully funded from a PPA basis of, say, 2013, we should have closed out this year just under 90%. We have been, I think, fairly forward-leaning from a share repurchase program. We've increased dividends for 6 or 7 years in a row now. We have continued to invest in ourselves from a technology standpoint as well as in many other areas, and I don't see that changing going forward. Someone asked earlier about M&A. Bill set out a strategy on M&A, and we've been executing along those lines for the last few years, and we don't see any wholesale changes in that area either. We'll continue to look at acquisitions to fill important technology gaps for the company and add real incremental value to shareholders, looking forward. So again, notwithstanding the environment that we all find ourselves in, I think you can expect Raytheon to continue to deliver for its customers and its shareholders.
David Wajsgras: And so, yes, with respect to R&D, it's timing. We actually expect to increase our R&D year-over-year by about 5%. And as a percent of sales, it'll go up to roughly 2.6%, 2.7% range. So it's just timing between second quarter and third quarter. I also think it's important to keep in mind that, that does not include well over $1 billion a year for contracts under the umbrella of CRAD, which is also R&D. So the company's continuing to focus in that area.
David Wajsgras: No, there wasn't any other items across the company that you might consider, "special." And with respect to the settlement, we're not going to get into that publicly at this point. But again, we see it as an event that took place in the second quarter and not to be repeated in the back half of the year.
David Wajsgras: No, I would actually strongly suggest that there's not a lot of incremental risk there. We've been fairly thoughtful at what we're seeing at the back half of the year and going forward. And that book of business is come down to almost a rounding error from a Raytheon perspective.
David Wajsgras: Well, it's not unique to any one product area or any one business. And I mean, we've talked about this 10 different ways. I mean, we have thousands of different programs. And I would say, there is areas of strength and there's areas of focus for the company. We've talked a lot about ISR. I would say that's probably a standout across the company. You saw what SAS delivered in the second quarter from a sales standpoint. Bookings were also very, very strong. And they're not the only business that participate in ISR. I mean, that's across 4 of our business areas. So from that standpoint, from a missile defense standpoint, from an EW standpoint, it's the things that you and others would be familiar with.
David Wajsgras: So, Howard. Howard this is Dave. Let me just clarify something you have mentioned. When you spoke to the growth rate earlier. What I was suggesting was on a full year basis, we would be around breakeven from a domestic growth standpoint. So we did have a strong book-to-bill in the quarter. But your math is right, we're down around 1%-ish in the quarter on organic growth, domestically. But with the question I was answering, which may not have been exactly the way it was phrased, was on a full year basis.
William Swanson: A ton of stuff. Let's see if I can go through them. Probably international is the easiest one. We've got to TPY-2 radars in back half in Q4. Those could be in the, let's say, $800 million to $1 billion range. We've got Patriot in there, whether you're looking at Taiwan or Kuwait. Those are both late in Q4. Totaled up together, those could be, say, in the $1 billion to $2 billion range, as we see it. We've got some missile activity, especially in Paveway, we expect in Q3, early Q4, we have a signed contract that could be in the $500 million to $600 million range. We see air traffic control radars in the $100 million to $200 million in the Q3, Q4. We see missiles worth about another $300 million to $400 million in various orders, various countries, right across both quarters. Training is about $300 million the next 2 quarters. And we expect an announcement some time probably in Q4 on Turkey. And then we'll see where we go from there. As you know, that's a competitive -- a venue that's taking place there. And then we've started talk with Oman on air and missile defense, and that could be in the $1 billion to $2 billion range. So internationally, pretty good. If you look domestically, probably $1 billion worth of missile stuff to go. And the rest is our standard contracts under $50 million, which we have hundreds of them that take place. So that's kind of how we look at the next 2 quarters and what we have in front of us, we've seen good growth internationally. Our bookings in the quarter were 36% international, sales were about 26% of that. And we see the year bookings international probably be in around 30% so it's going to be a little higher, and sales should be about 25%. So there's a lot going on, and as we've said, at the beginning of the year, it hasn't changed. We expect the second half to be busy for us. And, of course, the economic environment puts a cloud over everything. But that isn't stopping us from what we have in front of us, and the air show convinced me that these customers still want what we have.
William Swanson: That's how we would look at it and our job is to get these things done so we can ramp up quicker. I mean, if you look at it both Dave and I mentioned the Saudi award. We are getting ready to start congressional notification. But from our standpoint, as a company, we've released some funds to get all the planning and orders stacked up and get us ready so that the day we get the greenlight, we've got a lot of preplanning and stuff already in the hopper ready to go rather than start from scratch when that happens. So we're trying to preposition stuff so we've got a good jump on it.
William Swanson: Yes, incumbency, I mean, I guess, the way we look at it here is competition is a way of life. And what you try and do is get your business sized properly. That's why when you look at us, we proactively manage our headcounts. We manage our facilities and our utilization, so that we can compete on any given day. And once you get behind that eight ball that we all learned from the '90s, it's hard to get around it. And we've learned to stay in front of it. And that's the way we look at competition. And as you say, it goes both ways. But for me, this company competes all the time. I mean, I know you like technology. And if you just look at some of our wins, these are small jobs in the $2 million to $20 million range. But we're winning advanced wireless networks, where we give the individual soldier network radio nodes on the battlefield. So think of it as a soldier's information system. We have advanced cryptographic modernization, where we're providing secure radios; we've 2 contracts there we just got that are worth about $50 million in total; and advanced detectors, advanced human factors, advanced missile programs, advanced sensors for IEDs. I could go on and on. But every day, we compete here. And you're right, it goes both ways. And if you're competitive and you have good processes that can spin quickly on a dime, I think you're ready for competition, and I don't see it changing. Internationally, we compete every day. So when you look at our international growing at high single digits, it's part of our DNA. I guess, that's the way to describe it, Heidi. I don't lose any sleep on it.
William Swanson: Well, Heidi, since you gave me that opening, and how about Small Diameter Bomb, where we expected to lose. I could go through. I just don't want to impugn or any of our competitors when I -- we don't gloat. We just get up everyday and make the donuts here and do our job.
William Swanson: Well, put in perspective, I think if you look at what's going on as a country, we need to make sure that nation doesn't default on its obligations. We need a balanced plan that reduces the deficits and burns down our national debt. And we need a foundation for true economic growth, in my opinion. It's difficult to do all of this, as we can read in the papers. And the administration and the Congress need to get it done. I personally, I won't speak for the company here. But me, personally, I'm cautiously optimistic that we'll reach a conclusion here in time. And the Senate and the House, in my opinion, have to reach a compromise. And that's the thing we have to get done. Given that as a backdrop, from our point of view, you've seen our forecast. As we go forward, I'll have Dave, comment here on the capital. But from our standpoint, we look at our balance sheet, it's a strong balance sheet. We don't have to do anything different in that regard. We have the strength to invest in ourselves, which we're going to continue to do, because as a company, you go through these cycles, and those that are strong, well run, have invested in themselves in a good portfolio, come out of that period firing on all cylinders. And that's what we expect to do. So that's kind of how I look at it, though, ask David if he's got anything.
William Swanson: And I would add one last thing. The most important thing in times like this is to be transparent. And that's what we try to do more than anything. So what you see is what you get.
William Swanson: Okay, thanks. From our standpoint, we see the pace continuing here. The one concern that I might have is that through all these budget drills, that we don't lose our focus on keeping things going. Fortunately, the 2 are somewhat separated now. So I see the domestic continuing to flow in that regard. And the quicker we can get through the current talks here and figure out what we're going to do, both short term, whether it's the House Bill or the Senate Bill between Reid and Boehner here, that the better it will be, as I said, I'm cautiously optimistic that they're going to reach a conclusion here, which will allow people to continue doing what they're doing so we can stay on track. But it's kind of how I look at them. I'm not expecting a change and I'd expect the cadence to keep on going here.
William Swanson: Yes, mix helps us also, probably about 60%, 2/3 of our business is DOD. Good balances, international mix on top of that, and then it's a mix of others. For us, I already gave some of the -- where we expect bookings to be this year internationally in the 30% range and sales of 25%. If I look at classified, we expect about 10% of our bookings to be there, sales should be in the 15%, 16% range. We expect double-digit growth in the classified. That's a good market for us. We do extremely well there with our technologies. In the cyber area, we are seeing double-digit growth. We are seeing RFP starting to flow in a more discipline market there. If you think about us, the way I like to describe it is that we have 24 contracts that make up about 25% of our sales. The next 120 contracts make up the next 25%. And then thousands of contracts make up the next 50%. And it's the next thousands of contracts that we see on a daily basis across the gamut, across different customer bases, and that's what we really believe is where the future is because people still need to get things done. And the pressure is, is they're not going to buy new, but they need capabilities and they need solutions to their problems. And at the air show, it was really nice to sit down with our customers and listen to the challenges they're facing and the things we have in our portfolio that are already developed that don't need any new activity that can help them solve their problems, whether it's in Asia or whether it's in the Middle East. So it really is the mix and just the -- if you're a techy like me, you look at our portfolio, it is a candy store. There's a lot in there.
William Swanson: Yes, I don't think the bottom is Fed IT. This cyber threat is very sophisticated. It's not your standard ones and zeros business. And what we see are specific efforts in this, and this requires a good architecture thinking. From us, we have to protect ourselves, and everybody can see what's going on in the world there. They've actually brought a lot of attention to this problem. So we look at it in a way that it's causing people to focus on it. We continue to make sure that our products are protected. And then the last aspect here is given what we do in the other 2, it gives us a real natural of understanding, the domain knowledge that's needed to provide the systems or services in this market. So we look at the specific RFPs, that there's only going to be a small cadre of people that can do what's being asked to be done, if that helps.
William Swanson: No, it wasn't, Cai. I didn't go through the domestic because there wasn't anything in there that I thought would get somebody's attention. But if you look at it in missiles, we probably got $1 billion to $1.5 billion to go in bookings there, and those are our standard missile, AMRAAM, Paveway, 9Xs, I could go on, but those are laid out, programmed, budgeted, so we expect that. Then you across the gamut of the business, you're right, we've got some F-18s in there, maybe $150 million in that. We've got some training that in Warfighter that could be another $150 million or so. But there's nothing -- it's the standard bread and butter of what we do every quarter, that's why I didn't go through it. But we got it all laid out and it appears to all be on track.
William Swanson: We haven't broken it out that way, and we probably wouldn't talk about it way, Cai, until it's all finished and finalized, given that customer and given we have 2 customers, the platform and the end-item customer. And you know me, I don't like talking about what our international customers are going to go do until it's done.
William Swanson: Yes, I think, Turkey, I could wax eloquently there. I mean, if you want to buy a view graph, you can probably buy a view graph. If you want to buy a system that takes 5x the manning or 10x the spares or costs you double in 5 years, then you go by that kind of system. The good news is we're competing with something that's proven. What we always realize is that countries make political decisions, and you don't change your business model because of that. You continue to offer the price that's right or the value that's right, and countries have to decide. Saudi Arabia is a good example of upgrading what they have with a proven system. So we kind of look at it that way. Internationally, the marketplace is the same. We compete and have competed, my whole career, internationally, and it feels about the same. I mean, nothing's really dramatically changed. What we do is we understand the job, we price in the appropriate risk, and we want to make sure that we give our shareholders the returns they expect out of us. And that's why I said earlier, we spent a lot of time proactively managing our expenses and our costs so that we can compete internationally and domestically. The way I'd like to think about it is if you think about 8 years ago, we had about $18 billion in sales with 78,000 employees. Today, we have $25 billion with 72,000 employees. So we continue to get more efficient, we continue to deliver strong margins and so forth. So that's kind of how you have to look at it. One of the things you don't see it in our reviews here, but when we bid a program, we're always very, very conscious of what are the corners here, what cash flow is needed, what margins are needed, what risk we should be taking on, and can we deliver? And that hasn't changed from that standpoint. So I don't know if I'm really answering your question, but the temperature of the water feels about the same to me.
William Swanson: No, we are not sitting here in a bid and we've got to take 10% of way that the company in a position that people would look and say, "What the heck are you guys doing?" I've made the comment. We are we want to be as transparent as we possibly can for our investors. And you expect us to continue to deliver the same kind of returns that we've delivered.
William Swanson: And just to chime in here, the back half is a big one for missiles. As I mentioned, we expect $300 million to $500 million of international in missiles. We've already got a signed contract for about $500 million on Paveway that we need to get notified, so we can start off. And then domestically, I mentioned, we've got about $1 billion to $1.5 billion of bookings coming in, in Q3 and Q4. So that's going to build up their backlog as we go into it.
William Swanson: Yes, I think the way, Howard, is your strategy is not done on a day-by-day basis, as you know, as well as I do. So for us, our strategy has been to make sure that we position ourselves in the right markets. We think we've done that in cyber, we think we've done that in Homeland Security. I think you picked up rightly so recently, EW should be the next growth market. You heard me touch base on that. The way we think of our company and to be able to do things in this environment is that you have to not only move forward, but you have to move backward. And by backward, I mean is how do you keep running the things that are getting old. And some places internationally and domestically won't be able to afford to redo and start new, but they want to capability to make it almost like new, if that makes sense. And so from our standpoint, we look to being able to take systems and make them like they are a new development. And we have a portfolio of everything, from radars to missiles to EO systems to communication that we can go new and we can go backwards to make like new. And that's how we expect to power through this thing and be ready for the next up-cycle as we go. And our technologists are continuing to work on ways to do that. Take radars, for example. Gallium nitride we'll be able to upgrade every phase we've ever built with new technology as we go forward. And I could go through the EO world, the RF world even the C4I world for that matter. And I'm really encouraged by some of the new technologies that I see our teams working on. They are eye watering and orders of magnitude different than what I grew up with. And you're right about Patriot. There is a system that's over 2/3 brand new. And when you see what we're delivering and the capabilities and the upgrades, it's going to be going for a long time, way past me.
