David C. Wajsgras: So Sam, why don't I start with that, and maybe Bill or Tom want to add a little bit of color. So we expect domestic on a full year basis to be down in the mid-single-digit range. And we see our international business, again for the year, growing in the low- to mid-single-digit range. And to use a phrase that Bill has used in the past, '14 does look a lot like '13 from a sales profile standpoint.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So we feel confident in how we have guided for the year, both first half and second half. You'll recall that a number of these larger programs we started talking about mid last year. Bill just put a lot color around where the more significant ones stand. So from our perspective, I would say that it wouldn't be a stretch to say that we're highly confident with our second half performance relative to what I just said in my formal remarks.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. You should also keep in mind that we factor these pretty heavily when we talk about the bookings outlook for the year, and that's certainly taken into account here. So if you look at what had actually taken place in the fourth quarter with a book-to-bill of just under 1.3, we also see strength in the first half of the year. I'll repeat what I just said, on a full year basis, we have a lot of confidence in the guidance and certainly, in the second half.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. From a sales standpoint for SAS, we do see 2014 declining in the mid-single digits, which is driven by lower funding levels on some of the various classified programs, as well as some of the airborne radar and EW systems. You also know that -- and we talked about this in the past, it was scheduled completion on some of the international tactical airborne radars. Now with all of that said, we do see a ramp in the second half of SAS similar to what I just said about the company as a whole. And we continue to have a lot of confidence in that business. It's probably worth mentioning as well, the margin performance in Q4 for SAS was very strong. They were able to pull some productivity initiatives forward into the fourth quarter that we had initially anticipated in the first half of 2014.
David C. Wajsgras: To use some of the cash on the balance sheet today -- yes, yes. We made a discretionary – a small discretionary contribution in the fourth quarter. There's a number of considerations with the cash that we currently have on the balance sheet. And as we go forward in '14, I've already suggested that we'll once again have a very strong cash flow performance here of upwards of $2.5 billion. It's something we continue to consider. Historically, the discretionary contributions have been very good investments for the company at any way that you would want to analyze those investments. So it's certainly something we'd look at going forward. I want to be clear, none of that is contemplated as we sit here today. But if we do decide to go in that direction, we will certainly make that public in advance of what we're going to execute. There's different areas that we're thinking about investing in. Bill suggested that we are going to continue to look hard at M&A opportunities that are value-add to the company, both in the near and long term. We'll continue to look at the dividend, and we've said this publicly before. We believe that increasing the dividend over time is a very important economic signal to the investors relative to how we see our cash flow performance. The repurchase plan back in the fourth quarter, our Board of Directors approved a $2 billion authorization, which is not time-sensitive. In other words, we can use that over any period of time we would like. And I just suggested that the diluted share count for 2014 will be down about 3%, so we continue to see that as a value-creation opportunity for investors. So we're cognizant of our cash position. We feel good about the flexibility, and we have a lot of confidence that we'll be able to effectively drive value for our shareholders over time.
David C. Wajsgras: That's a fair assumption, Howard, and I believe I mentioned that on either the second quarter or third quarter call last year. So it is scaled back somewhat, but it's still an important part of the overall capital deployment plan.
David C. Wajsgras: That's a fair comment. We are balancing out the way we're looking at the various levers from a capital deployment standpoint. And we still believe that roughly a 3% reduction is -- will be viewed favorably. We still see Raytheon as a good investment or we wouldn't be repurchasing our shares. But again, there are a number of different areas to consider as we go forward in '14.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So you are right, as bookings have moved to the right, that clearly impacts sales in the near term. I want to repeat something that I said earlier. 2014 is very similar to the way 2013 looked from a sales standpoint, both domestically and internationally. Now we did have some larger programs move into the first half of 2014. We continue to see a very healthy book-to-bill in -- particularly in the first half of 2014. So if you take that 3-quarter period, the fourth quarter of '13 and the first half of '14, that bodes very well for the sales outlook for the back half of '14. From an overall standpoint, it impacted the sales guidance somewhat, but it's not overly meaningful, is the best way for me to say it.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes, it's not a lot, George. I'm not going to get overly specific on the arithmetic, but it didn't -- I would say the bookends of what we just went out with, it hasn't changed as a result of some of these orders moving to the right. It's less than a 1% impact.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So the SAS business did see strong fourth quarter margins, and they were slightly above the prior year's fourth quarter. It's primarily due to the productivity improvements in our airborne radar program area. We had a couple of things going on and we were able to pull, and I mentioned this earlier, pull some productivity actions that we had anticipated in the first half of '14 into the fourth quarter.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So from a guidance standpoint, we range virtually all of our financial performance measures. I think a good way to think about it would be starting at the midpoint. We have opportunities and we also have some risks. But on balance, I would suggest the midpoint of the range is the way to start thinking about it.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, there's a lot of variables involved in this from a discount rate standpoint, from an asset return standpoint, from a demographic standpoint. All of these have various impacts on the accounting, obviously, on the recovery and on the contributions under the Pension Protection Act. With all of that said, I wouldn't -- I would look at what we have in the web slide deck as -- with pretty high confidence. I don't see that changing dramatically going forward. It holds all assumptions constant relative to the discount rate and the asset returns at 8.75%. The demographics can sometimes change these numbers somewhat, but not meaningfully. So I would say that I would look at those numbers from an investor perspective and have a fair amount of confidence in what we put out there.
William H. Swanson: Yes. And I would add that I think we've always said that we look at '14 in part of '15 being a transition year. And if you look at '16 and look at the numbers, there's actually -- it ticks up even under sequestration. So for us, this feels like what we've been talking about and the international awards that I highlighted and some of the ones we're expecting to come in really are a nice transition for us as we go through this change in budget, if that helps.
William H. Swanson: Yes. And I would just add a little color. The Oman program has started from the point of having a contract. Kuwait, I mentioned, it's all -- everything's done in country. It's back on this side of the pond now for us to take care of. And when you look at Qatar, clearly, that's been through all the processes and just waiting for the final signature over there. So I think Dave said it well. We're confident what the front-end looks like. And once a few more stages are taking place, we might even spend some of our own money to get an early jump on this to make sure we get it nailed correctly.
William H. Swanson: And I would add just a little bit, Dave, they can now start on Next Generation Jammer. We were delayed for about 6 months there because of the protests, and RACR will be starting up, so that will give them a nice ramp-up here.
William H. Swanson: Yes. I mean, what I would do is remind everybody back to about 8 or 9 years ago when, I guess, we were talking about international. It's not something you can flip a switch and turn on a light and have it instantaneously happen. So I appreciate people starting organizations and putting things in place, but it takes a while to establish your credibility internationally. And our customers really count on the fact that, I mean, we've been in the Mideast 50 years, Japan 50 years, Taiwan 50 years, Korea. I mean, these are the sort of things we've done for a long time, and your performance over that period really helps you capture new business. And it's, to me, it's all about relationships and trust, and that does not happen overnight. To your question in the Mideast, clearly, the region needs the kind of products and services that we as a company have in our portfolio, and I was over there in December and Tom was over there just recently. I think both of us would say the same thing, that there hasn't been any kind of turndown whatsoever in what we're doing in the region. In fact, we find the opposite is true that they're counting on us to do more to help them as they worry about their own national security. So I know what's written in the papers, but to me, first-hand knowledge is really important, and that's why we go over there to interface with people that we've been doing work with for a long, long time.
William H. Swanson: Well, for us, the Mideast is still strong. I mean, we have 2 new customers in Oman and Qatar that haven't been in our portfolio before. Those programs took a few years to get over the goal line, and we intend to do more with them and we can offer more to help provide for the security of their countries. So the Mideast is strong. Asia is still strong, whether it's South Korea, Taiwan or Japan or that part of the region. Clearly, Australia and Europe, in my opinion, not now, but in the future, 2, 3 years from now, Europe is going to have to upgrade what they have. They haven't spent money. They've kind of made things do and in my opinion, they're going to have to upgrade what they have, and we'll see that as an opportunity because we've been there for a number of years. As a company, we sell in 80 countries around the world. And one of the things I'm proud of when I travel, and I know Tom feels the same way, is that we never have to talk about our performance, it's a given. So we start really with more what capabilities can we help you with as we go in there.
William H. Swanson: Yes, Joe, I would say it is. When you look at the budget process, even with sequestration and the Budget Control Act, '16 was always the year that there was an uptick where it started to come back again. And even when you look at it '17 and on, the budgets start to increase. The other thing is, as the economy gets going, that'll take part of the pressure off too. But we've always viewed that as the transition. You got it right.
William H. Swanson: Yes, we feel good about it with that. Let me turn it over to Tom. He just came back from a trip, so he can add some color.
William H. Swanson: I think right now, the mid and lower tiers are facing some pressure. I think some companies are having to decide what they're going to do if they can continue on the path they're on, which if they decide to do something different, will it involve M&A, and I think some are going to have to do it. I think from our standpoint, Dave said it best, I mean, we've got a balance sheet that's -- I like to say as pristine with a lot of firepower. So if there's opportunities for us to add to our portfolio that make sense, not just to buy something for revenue's sake, that never works, but where it fits in, especially in where we see future growth, then that would be the case. But I don't expect the company to be doing anything totally different from what we've done in the past. One of the things we tried to be -- somebody mentioned back to the 10 programs, 10 or 11 years ago, we tried to be transparent in what we do, and I don't expect that to change at all. Since you asked me to reflect, one thing that I would say that I am concerned about as we go through this budget process, we seem to be protecting personnel and readiness, which is okay. Those can be bought back very quickly, and I'm going to be working hard to make sure that on the R&D side that we don't take a lot of cuts in the budget there because, being an engineer, I know how long it takes for R&D to come to fruition. And we're always a country that has invested in our capability, in war-fighting capability. I know Raytheon, even in the tough times when we had $13 billion in debt, we still invested, and that's paying off in some of our wins as we look today, and we'll continue to invest as a company. But I think as a nation, as we look at the -- our investments, we've got to make sure that R&D is not sacrificed because you can't buy back that time that you lose.
William H. Swanson: On e-Borders, we expect a decision in the first half of 2014. All the hearings were concluded late last year, and that's about the best color I can give right now, Howard, because I don't know any more than that.
William H. Swanson: Thank you, George. I'd like to say I'm really going to miss this. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to be listening in on the calls so it probably will be a lot more fun.
William H. Swanson: And I think I should have mentioned that when I gave the $23.5 billion, plus or minus $500 million guidance on bookings, we expect a book-to-bill between 1.0 and 1.05. So we're expecting a strong year.
William H. Swanson: DoD is going to submit the budget in the March timeframe. It'll be the first budget that's submitted within the caps. So for us, it'll allow DoD to make the tradeoffs that they see fit under these -- the new budget process. Beyond that, it's really hard to speculate what we think they may be doing in that regard. But clearly for us, the areas that we're focused in, in missile defense and in cyber and so forth, fit with what we believe the priorities will be in that case as we go forward.
Howard A. Rubel: I was thinking, since you're a short-timer, maybe all my questions should go to Tom and Dave anyhow.
Howard A. Rubel: All right, that's fine. You spent a lot of time and effort on Patriot upgrades and some other things you've been doing. Tom, maybe for a moment you could talk a little bit more of how you've enhanced the system and sort of what does that leave in terms of -- I mean, at some point, it has to go back in and help the Army in a meaningful way, I would think.
Howard A. Rubel: So it does sort of indicate that you're looking at finding other ways to -- or just more balance, I guess, might be a way of thinking about it going forward for growth.
