William H. Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another solid quarter. Our operating margin, EPS and cash flow were above expectation. Overall, the businesses executed well in the quarter. We remain focused on reducing our costs, improving our productivity and delivering innovative, affordable solutions to our global customers. As we said on the last call, we expected bookings to ramp up in the last half of the year, and our third quarter orders came in strong at $7.3 billion. Notable awards included more than $1.2 billion for the Standard Missile-3, which follows on 2 successful intercepts that we had in the second quarter. Our classified book-to-bill was approximately 1.2 and has been above 1 every quarter this year. We also received significant awards for domestic and international training. In addition, I'd like to highlight one of Raytheon's core market areas, C3I or command, control, communications and intelligence. Within this area, we're a leading provider of strategic communication terminals. We currently are providing the Navy Multiband Terminal or NMT for the Navy, as well as the Secure Mobile Anti-Jam Reliable Tactical Terminal, also known as SMART-T to the U.S. Army. Adding to our success in this area, during the quarter, we are awarded a $70 million competitive development contract for the FAB-T program. This is a significant effort, and it enhances our secure communications position within the U.S. Air Force as well. FAB-T will allow communications between military aircraft, ground sites and the new higher data rate satellites, and like the systems for the Navy and the Army, it will allow secure protected communications for our customers' most sensitive missions. Also, during the quarter, the Air Force awarded us a steady contract to help define the next generation of tactical protected SATCOM systems. These wins, plus our existing franchise, positions us well for the future. Our international pipeline is strong, with Kuwait Patriot completing the congressional approval process in late August, and we expect to book an award by the end of the year. Other international opportunities are proceeding through the process, including a large precision munitions award, a C4I system, a Rolling Airframe Missile, and just -- these are just a few among many others that we are pursuing in the fourth quarter. Over the past years, we've pursued a strategy of growing our international business, and I'm encouraged and pleased by the increasing number of international opportunities for the company. At the same time, as we know, the timing of international awards is always a factor. It's the nature of the business. The bottom line is, for 2012, combining our strong domestic orders and our substantial international opportunities. We remain confident about achieving the $25 billion plus or minus $500 million booking objective we set in January of this year. At the end of the third quarter, congress passed a continuing resolution for the fiscal 2013 defense budget that runs through the end of March next year. They've become a way of life, essentially in this fiscal environment. This one is a little different in that it extends past the January 2 sequestration implementation date. While the CR does not preempt sequestration, it does provide a mechanism for continued funding through the end of March, should sequestration be delayed. Although we continue to believe a resolution could occur after the election, we're planning for a variety of potential outcomes. As you've heard me say on prior calls, we're focused on the things we can control. This includes operating the business as efficiently as possible and delivering value for our customers and our shareholders, regardless of whether sequestration happens or not. We believe that Raytheon's large international market presence, portfolio of programs, technology and focus on high-priority areas should help to mitigate some of the potential overall impact the sequestration has implemented. Importantly, over the past several years, we've made the investments in common systems and infrastructure across the entire company. This enables us to be more agile. We can more effectively balance workloads. We can win work anywhere, design it anywhere and build it anywhere across the company. This allows us to respond quickly in this dynamic budget environment that we're currently experiencing. I'd like to thank the Raytheon team for their hard work and dedication. In an environment marked by higher-than-normal level of complexity and uncertainty, the team has remained focused and has executed well. We're prepared for the future and stand ready to continue to deliver value to our customers and our shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
William H. Swanson: Yes, Joe. Let me try and frame it first from the top. We still expect bookings to be in around the 25% to 28% of our total bookings. So from our standpoint, we feel pretty good that what we said we were going to do in January, we're doing. The good part on the international is no cancellations, and we're just being cautious as we look at the market, getting into it. We said the back half of the year was where our activity was going to be, and we brought in over $7 billion worth of bookings, and we expect Q4 to be strong. Maybe what I should do is give you some color the way I think about it if I look at the Q4 bookings. We expect IDS to bring in about $2.5 billion worth of bookings. 60% of that is international. Kuwait Patriot will drive that. We have a congressional notification that's been approved. That total award is in the $1.2 billion range, but we probably expect $750 million to $800 million in that because they'll buy the fire units first, and then they'll go to buy the spares and the services shortly thereafter. The balance of what they're going to bring in is domestic orders. Those are mainly in the naval area, and they've got a few other international contracts there. IIS will bring in about $750 million. These are all plus or minus a little, and they're mainly in the classified area. If I think about missiles, they have bookings of around $1 billion; 2/3 of what they're going to bring in is international. The largest there is a munition program, Paveway. We expect to get that approval, and we expect it to happen and the balance will be domestic. In NCS, our bookings there will be about $1.5 billion. As Dave mentioned, we've signed and expect the customer to sign momentarily an award, and are probably around $600 million to $700 million, in that range, and the balance there will be domestically as we look at it. SAS, we expect bookings there of about $1 billion. About 60% of those are international, and the biggest piece is related to Tactical Airborne radars. Classified, probably a couple hundred million there. And TS bookings, we estimate around $300 million, and that'll be in training and logistics program, about 60% of those internationally. So overall, we see a strong Q4 bookings around $6 billion to $7 billion. And from our standpoint, over half of those will be international. I think that gives you a pretty good color of what we're trying to do and to finish out the year.
William H. Swanson: Yes, it's -- there's a little bit of a delay there. I mean, we have to go through the congressional notification process. Things are moving. I'm not pointing any fingers at anything, but we'd sure like the process to be quicker if we could move them. These are international sales. They're good jobs here domestically, and we'd like to keep pushing as hard as we can, but we are in an election year, and we kind of looked at this at the beginning of the year and knew something would happen, but we're getting great support out of the building and people are trying here, but it's taken us just a little bit longer.
William H. Swanson: Yes. Just a little color to what Dave said. We do not expect the department to cancel programs starting in January. At least some of the discussions have stated that they'll plan their way through it, as Dave said, and for us, we'll do our planning based on both scenarios, a normal -- just a normal year, you'd call, what we're in, versus a year of sequestrations, and what's important is we have a healthy funded backlog.
William H. Swanson: Yes, I think so, Doug. At least, from what I see, their book-to-bill was above 1 this quarter. We expect it to stay above that. Going forward, I think, for us, NCS went through the transition. They've got a strategy of the power of the network, really, with network-enabled solutions. They're tapping into that for our customers and working it across the business base here in the company. The Army drawdown, they've transitioned from what I'd call single-mission army products to network solutions, bringing actionable intelligence to the individual soldier. That's where we see the Army going. They need to accomplish that on the move. You've heard me talk about MAINGATE, [indiscernible] and Command View and PSDS2, are things that we can do to broaden NCS and help the Army get in there. There are large Army and Navy satellite communications programs. I talked about that earlier on the call. We see that as a real strength for them. And then, of course, I mentioned they'll be getting a sizable contract here in the fourth quarter. We really feel good about it. It's all buttoned up. We just got to wait for the final signature here. We thought we would announce it, but things move a date or a day around here at times. So we feel good about that. And then the thing that's really exciting is our air-traffic business. Demand is there. They're partnering with the FAA to -- of all the terminal automation systems to be interoperable with the FAA and DoD to provide a common operating picture and increase capacity. In short, to implement and deploy NextGen. So we feel pretty good about where they're at, and we look to the vector to be up as we go forward.
William H. Swanson: No, Doug. We haven't seen a delay, and we've not seen an acceleration. The guidance DoD has is business is normal, obligate the funds and proceed forward. So from our standpoint, it feels normal on the DoD side and kind of what we expected as we looked at things.
William H. Swanson: Howard, I don't know if I've broken it down that way. But if I think about it from a technological point of view and where we make our investments and where we're heading, we're seeing more technology and where we're focusing in to upgrade systems. If you take older devices, there's a great opportunity to go from what I'll say are the old maggies [ph] or tubes to solid-state. There's a way to go from gallium to GaN, and so there's a push for us in that area. The other thing that we see an opportunity and you saw this in the EW World, that where you could take multiple systems and go to multi-function systems, and that's an area where we see that taking place. And of course, the last one is that we believe you need technology to be able to reduce manpower. And we think, going into the headwinds, that's something important. So from our standpoint, that's kind of our focus. We see, as our military gets smaller and tries to be more agile in their strategy, we see ourselves going there. And then the other part that something I've talked about before is our CRAD. Our development is running at about $1 billion to $1.5 billion for us, and that's really all the seed corn stuff we see in the company that leads to new programs. And you know, of course, for us, EW, advancing AESA radars on older platforms and so forth are just examples of things we're trying to do. But I don't have a percentage, and I hate to swag it, but it is something I'll go look at, see if I can get an answer.
William H. Swanson: It's a great question. I've talked about it in B and P funds, bid and proposal. Clearly, for us, we have and are sharing best practices across the company. The number of programs we're bidding on is going up. We're opening the aperture, and one of the things we've found is some of our businesses have got some very creative ways to be able to bid more with no more, and we pass that around the company. The other thing I should have mentioned, back to your original question, in cyber, what we're encouraged about now is we have the ability to work cyber from the network to the cloud to the desktop, to the laptop, to all forms of mobile, and we believe that's an opportunity for us that we haven't had before as we've added some niche acquisitions in here, and I should have mentioned that.
William H. Swanson: And I would add, it's Bill, that at least one customer base, not DoD, is on a monthly funded basis rather than a quarterly funded basis. So the number could even be or should even be higher, so it's caused a little bit of a spike, but we feel pretty good about our funded backlog going into next year.
William H. Swanson: Yes, consistency is a good thing and transparency is even better, and no surprise this is the best. And so from our standpoint, I think we think about it the same way. First of all, can we invest in ourselves? If we do that, then we know the kind of margins and returns we're going to get. The next part, can we partner with someone that helps if they have the capability? For us, we have a good record teaming with universities on some of these smaller jobs and programs that we have as we go forward. Dave talked about share repurchase and dividends, how we look at that, and the next part is the M&A, and we're very comfortable with the type of M&A activity we have. We just announced Teligy. That's a strategy, really, there to broaden cyber even further for us. They specialize in wireless RF communication, vulnerability analysis, reverse engineering and rapid prototyping. We're thrilled to have this firm join the Raytheon team, and they just give us more capability in this very complicated cyber world that continues to get more attention. But the bottom line is we have not altered anything, and I can't comment on the transaction other than those are hard to do in this environment.
William H. Swanson: Right, we do, but one of the things you have to look at cyber, it evolves. It's a threat that is basically, depending on whether you're right-handed or left-handed, a click of the mouse. And from our standpoint, we've always had this vision of being full service to our customers, and to us, we want to make sure that we can handle not only the network, but the cloud, the desktop, the laptop or what we see. The whole world's going mobile, and that's very vulnerable and as an engineer, I realize that an aperture is a door, and that door can be opened or closed, and we want to be able to provide that service to our customers that we have full knowledge of the spectrum, and that's kind of how we think about it. And oh, by the way, I should point out, as we add these firms, we have a very nice transition plan here in the company, where they become part of it, and what I'm really thrilled about is the acquisitions we made, talking to those leaders, how they feel about joining the company and being able to broaden their capabilities too.
William H. Swanson: Yes. No, we are in -- from my standpoint, I really don't think of it as a radio business anymore. I really think about it is a software business. That's where communication's going, not only in wave forms and so forth, but the other thing that we're going to see a real push on is in secure communications, how do you move data around the battlefield in a secure way. And if you think about it, it's no different than I think what U.S. industry is going to have to think about how corporations move around big data and information in an encrypted format. So from our standpoint, we see that as something that's really important to us, and where part of our focus is here, as you move, think about data from an airborne or a satellite platform, down to a ground station, and then you move that information around. That information has to be secure, and it's secure, really, through software and through wave forms.
William H. Swanson: Yes, we have. And the other thing is MAINGATE really puts a hole in everything there, if you think about it. And we'll be participating -- I think they call it the NIE. Let's see if anybody around here at the table...
William H. Swanson: Yes, you got it. That's good. I'm impressed, but we're participating in that big time, and we're looking forward to demonstrating what our hardware can do, and that's a great environment for us to operate in because we don't believe in [indiscernible]. We believe in hardware.
David C. Wajsgras: So back in January, Carter, we had talked about moderating our share repurchases for 2012, going forward, relative to prior years. So frankly, we're executing along those lines, and the way the cadence has played out was something that we had essentially anticipated back in January. I think, importantly, we feel very good about the cash flow generation, both on the quarter and year-to-date. And I think it's worth noting that we've increased our guidance to between $1.8 billion and $2 billion of cash on the year.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So I will try to answer the number of questions that you just put forward. There are many factors to consider when you're thinking about this, and frankly, at this stage, it's hypothetical. So the speculation isn't all that easy. Now with that said, a lot of this depends -- for various companies, not just Raytheon, but if you stand back, a lot of this depends on how companies' programs are going to be impacted overall. So for example, if the decreases are tied to a dedicated facility, and that's not a situation that we would want to be in and frankly, we don't find ourselves in that situation, the cost associated with the facility could have a negative impact on the margin profile. It also depends on whether a program or programs are being canceled or stretched out, whether they are funded or unfunded. The overall program mix of the company and whether or not you have offsets, things like international business, and again, from Raytheon's perspective, we believe that's a strength. I think most importantly is our ability to react quickly to any type of reductions from a cost structure standpoint. We know how to react in this regard, and you can see that especially if you look in the rearview mirror. Just look at the facts and look at the results we've posted and the margins we've been able to achieve. We do have a broad portfolio of programs, and the fact that we have company-wide systems, again, which we've talked to in the past, it does provide us with a lot of flexibility to help mitigate any kind of pressure on the margin profile. I hope that answers the question.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, again, it depends what kind of guidance we get from the customer and if and how sequestration is actually implemented. So it's -- my crystal ball is a little foggy this morning. It's a fair question, but it's very difficult to answer in the hypothetical.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. So relative to the NCS supplier agreement, we are in negotiations, so there's not a lot we can say. What we've done is essentially set up a worst case scenario for the fourth quarter and have assumed a $30 million adjustment to NCS's earnings. That's from a company standpoint in the fourth quarter. From a fourth quarter margin perspective, that's about 50 basis points, but again, it is a worst case scenario, and the team is working through the situation, and we are working hard to not have this happen. But we did think it was appropriate to put that into the guidance in the fourth quarter, so that's Part 1. Part 2, you asked about capital deployment. At this point, we don't see any wholesale changes moving forward. We have a balanced approach. We have moderated our share repurchases in 2012 when compared to 2011. We had a meaningful dividend increase earlier in the year, the eighth consecutive increase on an annual basis. We feel comfortable relative to the funding profile of the pension. You can see, as you dig into the details of our financial results, that we continue to invest in ourselves, particularly in the R&D area. Going forward, we'll continue to -- we'll continue with the acquisition strategy that we put in place a few years ago, adding critical technologies to the overall portfolio. So the short version would be, I wouldn't expect meaningful changes as we look ahead to the next couple of years. I do believe that the company has done an exceptionally good job from a cash performance standpoint and converting earnings into cash, and that puts us in a very good position and gives us a lot of flexibility as we look to 2013 and '14.
David C. Wajsgras: So let me start off with kind of the near-term view and then address the longer-term view. So for IDS, the third quarter margins were higher than the guidance that we had earlier provided. That's really the result of the strong execution in our factory operations. So on a quarter-to-quarter basis, if you're looking at Q4, it actually moderates a little bit relative to Q3 and year-to-date, but that's the result of the timing of the efficiencies that we spoke to earlier, combined with the overall schedule acceleration on a number of international programs. Looking forward, we would continue to see strong margins in IDS. I'd suggest, of the 6 business areas, likely the strongest margins for the group, driven primarily by the strength of the international business, specifically, in the air and missile defense area, as well as continued performance on a number of domestic programs as we look ahead. From a missile system standpoint, structurally, there isn't anything too remarkable. I would suggest that the third quarter performance was again driven by a number of areas of focus on the efficiency side and the productivity side, as well as overhead reduction efforts again that we spoke to earlier. Going forward, I'd suggest that margins would be in the general range that we expect for 2012. Again, I'm extrapolating over the next couple of years.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. Returns year-to-date as of last night were just above 10% from an asset plan standpoint. If you were to put a stake in the ground today, we would be looking at around 4.25% discount rate. And I'll remind you, and I recognize you're aware of this, that the discount rate will be set on the last day of the year based on a hypothetical bond portfolio that mirrors the liabilities of the plan. So it's obviously difficult to handicap where that's going to end up. But again, if you're looking at today, we would suggest about 4.25% discount rate. So let me answer your next question before you ask it. If you're looking at the FAS/CAS impact of '13 versus '12, we see that likely increasing by about $50 million, 2013 to 2012, and you can see that if you just look at what's on the pension matrix.
David C. Wajsgras: At this stage, we don't see any material change in our contributions. Let me just give you some specifics. From a gross pension funding standpoint, we'll be at around $750 million in '12. And after the CAS reimbursement, we're actually positive, about $100 million. That's the same neighborhood as we look at '13. It's about just under $900 million gross, but again, positive, about $100 million from a cash flow standpoint. I do want to just mention one other thing before we close out this subject. If we look at a 2014 from a FAS/CAS expense standpoint, we see that number being in the neighborhood of -- on an absolute basis, of about $50 million negative, so there is a fairly significant movement in the numbers from '13 to '14.
David C. Wajsgras: No. Well, for IIS, I think if you just cut through everything, I would expect the full year margins to be at the top end of the ranges that we've provided. There's nothing unusual or remarkable going on in IIS. They continue to perform well. They're winning a lot of new business. We are very pleased with the way they have delivered results for the company for 2012, and we expect more of the same in 2013. They're particularly strong in the classified area. From a Technical Services standpoint, we talked a little bit about the timing of training and logistics programs shifting to the right. From a margin perspective, the comp to last year's third quarter is a difficult one because we had a number of programs closing out at our customized engineering and depot services area, and that resulted in some margin pickups that otherwise would have occurred later in the year. The roughly low 8% range is about the way to think about that business. They're continuing to perform well. And again, I know I sound a little bit like a broken record, but there's nothing too remarkable happening in that business either.
David C. Wajsgras: It's just a -- think of it as directly off the bottom line. It's a $30 million -- it's not a reserve in the accounting sense, but it's a reserve in the guidance that we've built into our projections, and again, we're working hard to not take that impact, and we'll see how things play out over the next month or 2.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, the funded backlog, I think the place I'd like to start would be relative to where we were in this period last year, and that's up about $1.2 billion. With respect to the overall backlog as well as the funded backlog, Sam, there's always timing elements to this, and there's nothing to read into it. Again, quarter-to-quarter, things will ebb and flow. We do feel that the backlog from an overall mix standpoint is very strong. The international backlog is in the high 30% range, and we expect that to increase over time. The average funded portion of the overall backlog runs about 55% to 60%. So again, I don't think -- there's nothing significant to report. There is obviously timing from quarter-to-quarter.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, again, we did suggest that much of this was timing. I am comfortable with suggesting the higher-end of the cash flow range for the year, and that is a little bit different than what we had been suggesting in the past. Obviously, cash is measured on the last day of the year, so it's always difficult to handicap. But again, I wouldn't say there's anything unusual going on there either.
David C. Wajsgras: So '13, it's a little early to talk about the guidance. We did come into the year with a balance that was, I would say, high relative to prior years, specifically around customer advances, international customer advances, which is being liquidated in 2012 and 2013. As you know, we have improved cash performance and the guidance that we had suggested back in January. I'll provide more details this January on how we see '13 playing out. But given just the number of moving pieces for '13, I think it's just a little bit early. What I would feel comfortable conveying at this stage is that the cash flow expectations for next year in a general way should be in line with what we're seeing for '12.
