Greg Hayes: Rob that is a great question, one that we have been working through over these last couple of months. We obviously thought going into the end of 2022 that the tax legislation, the R&D amortization would get eliminated. Unfortunately, that didn’t happen. That cost us $1.6 billion last year. As Neil said, it will be another $1.4 billion. And as we go into the 2025 time frame, that drag will still be about $1 billion, about $800 million of that is actual net R&D deferral and there’s a couple of hundred million dollars of additional interest expense and financing our little loan to the government. So is all that being equal, we still see – and we had always talked about a $10 billion free cash flow in 2025. Realistically, I think that number is going to be $9 billion. Now most of that growth from, let’s call it, $5 billion this year to $9 billion is going to come from segment operating profit. We should grow between 2022 and 2025 by about $5 billion. And that just assumes an execution on the current demand that we have in backlog, right? That’s – there’s nothing else magic about that except the continued return of people flying and the defense budgets remaining very robust. So we see a path to the $9 billion. I don’t see a path to the $10 billion today because of the R&D. But it’s a long time, maybe we hope that people in Washington will understand that they’re making a very, very bad tactical decision here and not allowing us to deduct R&D, but it is the reality that we face today.
Greg Hayes: So Sheila, the other question you had there was on inflation. And I think, again, we – the $2 billion of inflation is a real number we saw it last year. We were able to overcome it through cost reduction as well as some additional pricing. And again, we will see pricing benefits again in 2023, especially on the commercial aftermarket side. Keep in mind also on the defense side about 1/3 of our business is cost type, cost reimbursable and so some of that inflation gets passed automatically along to our customer at the Department of Defense. As I think about that $2 billion, right about $1.2 billion I think Chris said is product related and about $800 million of that is people cost. And that is a real number. We’ve got roughly $20 billion in compensation costs across RTX that’s about a 4% increase year-over-year for $800 million. It’s a big number. But again, we’ve got plans in place for cost reduction both in the supply chain and in the factories as well as in the back office. And some of this transformation activity that Chris mentioned with the realignment of the businesses will also present us an opportunity to get after some of that cost. So it’s real, but we’ve got plans and I think we have more than provided for that in the guidance that Neil covered.
Greg Hayes: Ron, let me just jump in and add to that. As we look at this reorganization, this is not just about putting RIS and RMD together to recreate the old legacy Raytheon Company. We’re going to look to take the entire portfolio of RIS, Collins, RMD and move the pieces where they most appropriately align from a technology and a customer standpoint. So you may well see pieces, especially related to JADC2 moving into the Collins business. We’ll see how all of this evolves over the next several months. I would tell you by the time we get to the end of the first quarter, we should have a really good understanding of what the new organization is going to look like. We’ll share that with everybody at that point. It’s going to take us longer than that to actually do the rewiring that’s why we’re talking about kind of a mid-year. But I agree with Chris. I think the portfolio that we have across the legacy Raytheon and Collins business is really quite strong. And the book-to-bill we’ll be – we’ll get better at some of those legacy RI&S businesses, especially in the Space segment. I would also tell you that the performance in Q4 was not great, but it was really program – legacy programs from many years ago that we still have not completed. So there’s some work to do there. But I would tell you the portfolio is not broken or the business is not broken.
Greg Hayes: It’s – I would tell you, it is a combination of all of those things. It’s supply chain getting better, which allows us to see productivity in our factories. It’s also – as we move from these LRIP contracts, initial rates of production on LTAMDS and SPY-6 and others to full rate production to see an improvement in margin on the production side as well as the mix of DoD versus international sales. Today, we’re actually at a low point of about 30% at RMD of international versus DoD sales that actually transitions back towards a more historical level 40%, 45% as we do more exports, especially around LTAMDS and some of these new systems.
Greg Hayes: Peter, I think you’re spot on. I think as we look at 2023 and then 2024, there is more growth potential at RMD than there probably is any business outside of Collins just because, again, the backlog is so strong. I would tell you, given the challenges that we saw in supply chain last year and driving material in, I think we’ve taken a more conservative view of 2023 performance there. I think total material inputs at RMD last year were around $6 billion. This year, we’re looking at about $6.5 billion. But quite frankly, the demand is out there for more. So that $6.5 billion should also drive some productivity, $100 million to $150 million. Again, I think that’s actually light by historical standards, but we’re – I hate to say that we’re conservative again and again. But really we set these targets. So we think we can absolutely deliver. We’re not going to have to go back and relook at these in the middle of the year. But there is certainly the demand out there for higher top line and that would result in higher bottom line. But most of that growth, I think, will come in 2024 when we really see supply chain back to where we had seen it pre-pandemic. And that is the key for RMD. They’ve got the orders. We’ve got the capacity. We just have to bring – drive the material in and that $6.5 billion that we see next year is going to have to continue to grow significantly to meet the demand out there that we see.
Greg Hayes: David, it’s something we focus a lot on. Obviously, we are, I would tell you, at Collins and at Pratt in lockstep with Boeing and Airbus in terms of their production rates. Obviously, some of the challenges that we’ve talked about at Pratt on the supply chain with structural castings is limited, I would say, some of our ability to meet some of the demand out there. That’s starting to ease. And again, we are working very closely with Airbus on the A320 production rate. As far as 737, that’s really a Collins story. And we – the outlook that Neil talked about, that assumes those rates that you talked about around 31 aircraft or so a month on average. I think they were a little light on that in the fourth quarter, but we think we’ll get back to that. They still have roughly 200 aircraft that be delivered that are in inventory, too, from when the line was shut down, which, again, also is part of Collins’ upside for the year. As far as 787, we see that, as you said, I think it’s one a month going to two a month and perhaps up to three. Again, I think that’s – that will all depend upon Boeing’s ability to continue to get the aircraft out the door. But we are working with them on a daily, weekly basis to make sure that we can support them. But we don’t see anything in our supply chain today that would prevent us from delivering either at Boeing or Airbus to the rates that they need.
Greg Hayes: Yes. It’s – David, it’s one of those things, it is probably the slowest recovery of all of the Collins businesses to your point because it is primarily widebody. And as the airlines were conserving cash for these last couple of years, we saw sales down significantly. We don’t expect a recovery in the interiors business, literally over the next three years. So it gets better, but it’s still not back to what it was pre-pandemic. It’s – it will remain a challenge.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Seth, and thank you, everyone, for listening today. As always, Jennifer and her team are going to be available today, tomorrow, the rest of the week to answer any follow-up questions that you have. Thank you for listening, and take care, everyone.
Chris Calio: Hey Sheila, it’s Chris. I’ll start with this one and then invite Neil and Greg to chime in. So let’s talk about supply chain for a minute. Maybe start with the positive, which was – saw some stabilization as we exited the year last year. If you look at R&D, material receipts were up 30% Q3 to Q4. Supplier delinquencies were down. At Pratt, we saw some uptick in casting deliveries. So those are some of the green shoots that we saw at the end of the year. But I’ll tell you, it’s not where we need to be, especially for the back half of 2023. The kinds of things that we’re focused on, candidly are the things that we can control. We’ve got the people on site, as you mentioned, and they’re responding to engineering and quality issues, giving us better visibility of what’s going on. We’re leaving bottlenecks and also finding issues earlier than perhaps we were previously giving us more time to react. We qualified some additional suppliers and negotiated additional LTAs. I think we did about 400 agreements last year with about $1.8 billion in annual spend. So again, giving our suppliers better visibility into our demand and what we’re doing. And then candidly, we’re taking some actions in our own house to better enable supply chain performance, small things like reducing the time it takes to place a PO to perhaps more complex things like engineering changes to improve the yields on some of our complex parts and ensuring we’ve got sort of a stable configuration as programs move from development into production. So those are all the things that we’re focused on continue to drive health and supply chain. But you’re right, we’re going to need it to perform to hit these numbers we’ve got here in 2023 and beyond.
Chris Calio: Hey Ron, it’s Chris. Maybe I’ll take a crack at the sales synergy. So again, as we kind of said upfront, this is about taking the organization to the next level, right? You got a tremendous defense backlog, something like $70 billion RIS R&D. And this is really about enhancing customer alignment and coordination. We’ve had customer feedback throughout the last couple of years about the need for us to figure out how to better integrate some of our solutions, providing mission solutions to the customers, coming in with a unified narrative and an investment story. All of these things, I think, will enable us to work better and frankly, collaborate better across businesses. In large organizations like ours, you won’t be surprised to hear that sometimes there’s some friction there, and we think this will help remove some of that friction and again, provide better solutions to the customer. So thus far, the customer feedback, those that we’ve spoken to sort of see that potential and it’s up to us to execute on it. As of the portfolio, I think, again, RIS has a very strong portfolio. Book-to-bill was 0.96 not necessarily where we wanted. We had some campaigns push out of the year, but feel really strong again about the portfolio, and we’re going to continue to invest in it.
Chris Calio: Myles, this is Chris. Maybe just as a step back for a minute on GTF. Demand remains really, really strong. As you know, we continue to do the block upgrades to drive improved time on wing obviously, improve time on wing helps with their contract profitability. We continue to incorporate upgrades to sort of improve the customer experience. On the aftermarket side, in 2022 turned slightly positive. And so from this point, it’s about accelerating those margins. You’re going to see that through some better contract mix as we talked about back in Investor Day in 2021. You’re going to see that through increased time on wing through some of these upgrades. And so the GTF aftermarket profitability is something that is of high focus at frac given the growing installed base, get about 2,500 engines out there and a very large backlog. So GTF aftermarket is a huge driver.
Chris Calio: Hey Kristine its Chris. So I would say the constraints are those that we've talked about previously. I said that we saw some improvement on castings, but it's not where it needs to be, so casting is still there. Rocket Motors continues to be a pacing item at R&D. And microelectronics, while the lead times have stabilized, they haven't come down and back to 2019 historical levels. And so those are sort of the three main areas that I talked about. We've talked about in the past that continue to be a headwind as we're moving into 2023. In terms of the specific actions, I talked about a few of them earlier. But again, some of this is what I would call blocking and tackling in the factories, whether it be ours or our supply chain. And I mentioned that before in some cases, we'll try to make an engineering change to improve producibility and ultimately yield. In other places, we just need to be in with our customer answering quality questions and making sure we can help them relieve bottlenecks. On microelectronics, a lot of that was about really the supply base, understanding our demand and then working some interesting agreements, negotiated agreements on making sure that we had our priority place in line and we made sure that we had our right allocation. With what you're seeing on the consumer side in terms of microelectronics coming down, we expect to see our allocation get better in that area, but again, still not where it needs to be here in 2023. We are assuming a back half recovery. So certainly not all is lost, but it will be the man-to-man defense here to get to that point.
Chris Calio: No. I would just support you said, Greg, that our supply chain is bringing in labor, they're starting to see more success on that front. But in some cases, like take casting, this is a pretty complex process. And there's a learning curve for folks that you bring in and take some time to come down that learning curve to get to a level of productivity that we need to see for the improvements here; but again, focused on that in the back half of 2023.
Chris Calio: Doug, I would add that you're right, turn times have been elevated on V and other platforms. And so we don't see as many supply chain constraints there, perhaps as we do in other areas. I would say the labor is stabilizing. Again, you bring in people off the street to do MRO, there is a learning curve associated with that individual becoming a productive technician and maintenance personnel. But we believe we've got the plan in place there. In terms of upside, I mean, again, if you listen to lessors and others out there today, and Neil kind of referenced this, given the supply chain challenges we're having on perhaps new production, you're seeing airlines hold on to older assets longer, signing up for longer leases. So again, it kind of goes to the life of the V2500 maybe being some upside there.
Chris Calio: So I would say that I generally agree with the sentiment that you're hearing, time on wing, and we've been pretty open about this. And very open dialogue with our customers, a lot of time on wing – on newer platforms, not necessarily being where we wanted them to be when we launched the program. We have done a number of block upgrades. As I said, we've got a block upgrade going in now through MRO that increases time on wing. On average, about 20% just based on the geography that you're in. And we've got some other, I'd say, durability and reliability hardware and software fixes that we put in as well. So we want to – we obviously want to get to the contractual levels that we have promised, and we've got a plan to go do that with these upgrades, Seth. I will tell you, keep in mind, you've got the GTF advantage that's going to start cutting in 2024. As you know, that's the next generation of the GTF, more thrust, better fuel burn, start flight testing in Q4 with Airbus, and we remain on track there in – for 2024 EIS. That takes all of the lessons learned we've had on the, what I call base GTF program and some enhanced testing. And we think that that's the next generation that will get to the levels of performance and time on wing that our customers are anticipating. But even on the – what I'll call the existing fleet today, we've got upgrade plans to continue to push that time on wing higher and higher. Our customers are demanding it, and our contracts are dependent on it. So we're aligned there.
Neil Mitchill: Yes. Noah, let me take a stab at that one for you because as you look out to 2025, clearly, we’ve had in 2022, some supply chain and labor impacts that have kind of caused us to come in a little lower than our initial expectations. However, when you think about that backlog that we’ve been talking about, it’s $175 billion at the company level, $69 billion, $70 billion within the defense. We have a lot to deliver ahead of us. And so I think there’s going to be some puts and takes as we look at the segments on an individual basis as you get out to 2025. But as I step back and look at the totality of RTX and where we projected to be and where we’re aiming to go and with that backlog, we feel confident that we can get there. We can get the sales growth, get the earnings growth and Greg already hit on the cash flow pieces there. So some things have changed since we’ve talked in 2021. We’re certainly dealing with a lot more inflation, but we’ve also got the situation in Ukraine that has given R&D some tailwinds. So when we get to June, we’ll be able to lay out that in more detail. It also be aligned with the format of our new operating segments at that time. But I think there’s going to be some puts and takes, but we’re all focused on driving margin improvements and making the right investments to drive that automation in the factory and digitization. I should add to Greg’s comments earlier about the free cash flow walk. We’ll probably see about $0.5 billion of capital headwind between 2022 and 2023. So making the right investments. I’m really focused on earnings growth and conversion to cash and so we’ll see where the margins land, but I do think we’re going to get that earnings growth.
Neil Mitchill: For 2023, they’ll be up low to mid-teens. So very substantial growth for 2023. And sort of as you look out over the next several years. These – all four businesses are in the same ZIP code of high single-digit type of sales growth on a CAGR basis.
Neil Mitchill: And maybe I’ll just put a couple of financial numbers around that to help out a little bit. But at Pratt for 2023, we think the aftermarket there will be up between 20% and 25% from a sales perspective. So think about the legacy shop visits being about 15% to 20% up year-over-year. On the OE side, that would imply about a mid-teens sort of a sales growth there. So we see strong growth, obviously, in the commercial business. And I guess while I’m on Pratt, I’ll just throw out a couple of the Collins numbers just so everyone has them. In their aftermarket business, think about that as being up sort of low double digits to low teens, sequentially kind of growing in the low single-digit percentage kind of range. And on the OE side, up low to mid-teens year-over-year. So again, with all that OE growth that we see across the narrow and wide-body platforms, you’ll see that both at Pratt and Collins.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Cai. Good morning. Let me start on 2022 and where we ended the year. You’re right, the inventory was up. I would say most of that was at Pratt and Collins as you think about the backlog, the growth rates we just talked about on the commercial aerospace side and the supply chain issues that we’re all working to overcome. We were pretty strategic in our thinking around making sure we're bringing the materials and so that we can deliver and meet the customer commitments. You pointed out the accounts payable growth there. So not all, but a large portion of that inventory growth was sort of offset by the payables to kind of go along with that. On the advances side or the contract side, really that was driven by some – a couple of large international advances that we received in December. That contributed to our overdrive of free cash flow, which was about $500 million relative to our expectations. That will be a drag on working capital as you get into 2023. And as I look at the 2023 free cash flow, we see a little bit of headwind on the working capital, in part because of some of the advances that we got at the end of 2022. And I'd say in part because we're going to continue to be pretty strategic about making sure that we bring in parts and materials where we need them and where there's constraints and bottlenecks in the supply chain value stream right now. So on balance, we're always targeting to take that inventory balance down, but we want to be smart and make sure we have the products so we can deliver it. We will be seeing improved velocity through our factories as we go through 2023. So I'd expect the turns to improve here. But all eyes on the inventory management for sure, and then managing through the collections as we get into 2023 at our international customer sites.
