David Wajsgras: Sure. Okay, so we did see good performance in the first quarter, both compared to last year's first quarter and compared to our initial outlook. It's important to note that some of this was due to the timing of improvement that we had expected in the second quarter. That accounts for about $0.05 or $0.06. It was driven, I would say, principally by SAS volume and otherwise spread across the other businesses. It's still early in the year and the outlook for growth in 2011 that we provided again reflects our best estimate of the range of results we expect to deliver. Now we did speak about this back in January. The timing of new awards this year drives the ramp up in the back half of the year. Again, this is consistent with where we were a few months ago and I agree that we've started off very strong. But given the cadence that we expect to see throughout the year, we're quite comfortable with the second through fourth quarters. As far as comps are concerned, I think you always have to look at the starting point relative to what happened in last year second half, particularly the third and fourth quarters. So from a comparison standpoint it's not quite as pronounced as the numbers might otherwise suggest.
David Wajsgras: Okay. SAS continues to perform well as it has over the last number of years. You talked about the hundred basis points essentially that impacted the business of through the AST integration. Other than that, there is a timing and mix of programs. We still expect healthy margins for the balance of the year. There's nothing remarkable going on in the first quarter. It's simply just a timing and mix issue.
David Wajsgras: Howard, I think the first part of your question is appropriate, but we can't comment on the movement of personnel around the world. I'm sure you can appreciate that. So as we sit here today, we don't see a basis for any additional positive or negative adjustments until the tribunal's decision which is expected in 2013. I hope that answers your question.
David Wajsgras: Well, there are some items that will not recur. I think when you stand back, they obviously posted the strongest margins certainly in the last 10 years at over 10%. When you peel back the items that won't occur again for at least for the balance of the year and looking into next year, the margins come down to about the mid high 8% range. That's part one. Part two is we'll also be starting up with some new awards as we go throughout the year and we'll be booking those new awards at rates that are expected to be lower than where we would possibly end up over time. So the business is continuing to perform well. There's a tremendous focus in that area on cost efficiencies and productivity and we're satisfied with that business overall.
David Wajsgras: It's a fair question, but I can't specifically talk about the cadence. We did provide a full year guidance on, from a diluted share standpoint ending the year somewhere between $353 million and $359 million shares outstanding. That's still holds and I'm comfortable with that. But it will be parsed out obviously. We were a little over $300 million in the first quarter and we still would expect to be in that range as we close out the year.
David Wajsgras: I think the way I can answer that is similar to what Bill addressed earlier. From a booking cadence standpoint, we've addressed that with respect to the way we see some of these international programs as well as domestic programs being layered in. So to say late Q2, early Q3 and then the balance of the year. What's important here to note is that we will effectively ramp very quickly once these orders are placed. I don't think it's probably appropriate to start dissecting on a award by award basis, but at this stage, George, we've looked at it pretty closely and we're comfortable with the third and fourth quarter revenue profile. So that's the comfort we can give you at this point. And frankly, we started off the year stronger than we expected and we're going to continue to push into that direction.
David Wajsgras: Well, the CR was basically domestic for a couple of hundred million dollars. I think maybe that's what's lost in the arithmetic there. So between Zumwalt and the CR, that made up $300 million to $350 million of the decline.
David Wajsgras: Typically, the first quarter is lower than the balance of the year. But as we ramp up on sales, you'll see a fairly significant ramp up in corp and elims.
David Wajsgras: We're looking towards the latter end of the year from a potential award standpoint. So the Turkey Patriot program is not a significant revenue driver this year.
William Swanson: It's Bill. Let me try and do that. At first, I would say it's not an exact science because we have so many programs, but as near as we can look at it, we figured that the CR had an effect of about $500 million in bookings and probably $200 million in sales.
William Swanson: From my standpoint, clearly if we go around the globe here and we take a look at the Mid-East increased activity for us. On Saudi Config-3, we're working to upgrade the existing fire units over there. They've got 20. We're currently in final negotiations over there. We should be able to wrap it up shortly and then go for congressional notifications. So from my standpoint, probably in the next few months we see that coming home. We've got TPY-2 radars in UAE from our standpoint there. A couple of radars, we expect that probably in the fall of this year, maybe in the $500 million, $600 million range. Further on Patriot, we've got Taiwan and Kuwait. Both of those are expected in the latter part of the years. They've talked about as we ramp up at the end. We've got Paveways that there's demand maybe $500 million, $600 million that we see in various countries around the world as they use that particular system. Our Air Traffic Control business around the world clearly is getting some attention. People want to make sure that we've got the capability to track all the targets there and we see about $200 million worth of business in that area. Missiles are strong. We expect $400 million to $500 million in sales around the world. Training that continues to be strong international, maybe $200 million to $300 million there. And finally sometime this year as we get through elections and everything in Turkey, we expect an announcement in that area in Turkey Patriots roughly about $2 billion. To take a little time to walk you through some of the opportunities we see internationally. That also discounts the tens of millions of contracts the various small wins that we got in 80 countries around the world. So we have not seen a cancellation. And for us, the back end was really loaded because that's when we expected these international orders to come in.
William Swanson: Howard, it's Bill. I think a lot of it is timing. There was a lot of consternation, I would say, in the building. It was hard for our customers to figure out when the CR was going to end. They were trying to fund at the 80% level. There couldn't be any new starts really during the period. So domestically, as an engineer, put in our see time constant, just delayed things and so from our standpoint, we haven't been troubled by the loss of anything. In fact, the opposite is true. Our win rates are plus 70% or better in both programs in dollars. So to answer your question, it's been more of a delay factor. And we've got one of our programs and EW got booked immediately right after the resolution for about $85 million. So we see some things starting to move and we expect in the missile area, that will continue. And then we've got a couple of new Homeland Security opportunities that should come to fruition here because we're in negotiations as we speak.
William Swanson: Yes, we expect international to be about 28% to 30%, sales to be about 23% to 25%. We see that on track. Our bookings for the year at 27.5% plus or minus $500 million is still also on track with the international mix being what I stated earlier.
William Swanson: We see increased attention to Patriots, given the EMEA's decision and countries realize that Patriot is still the premier system in the world for handling all three kinds of threats. So from our standpoint if you think about it, Korea actually started with the same kind of assets and we've upgraded those. And Korea is now part of the Patriot family here. And Poland, we'd like to see in the same position or any other country. It's got a great heritage and it's now one of the most modern air defense systems in the world given the upgrades that we put in for UAE.
William Swanson: It's a combination. What I would say is some of those will have an effect. They won't have a big affect. Anything to do with patriot or Paveway or any of those programs have an immediate ramp up because we've already built them before we have a supply base. You have to realize that we're in constant contact with our supply chain so that we want to make sure they're ready, we're ready, are the orders all stacked and ready to go when we pride ourselves on getting a quick jump once we start. And that's factored into the contracts. And our customers know it because some of these systems, they want as quick as we can get it to them.
William Swanson: We deal primarily with the Ministry of Defense and I can tell you we're in their top 1, 2, 3 or 4 as far as suppliers. And we're proud of our relationship with the Ministry of Defense and it's been a good one, long-term one, and we continue to view them as a great partner.
William Swanson: Yes, Doug, what I would say is, the question is really on margins and not only are they sustainable but our customers have repeatedly told us and me, they're willing to pay for performance. In fact, we see more of our contracts incentivizing us to do much more. And for me, that gives us an opportunity to perform even better. Last year, we had about 57% of our contracts for fixed price, 43% were cost type. And so for us, this environment, the fixed price is not something that bothers us. I think for some companies that have been predominantly cost plus, wishing the fixed price probably gives them pause. But what we take on the fact that we understand our manufacturing readiness levels, our technical readiness levels and we major those when we bid and the fact that we've got 8,000 programs or 15,000 contracts gets us very comfortable with this process. And we worked hard for a number of years. I think you know our mantra's performance here. And that's the best possible position you could be in at this point in time. You always worry that there's one program manager that will try and solve the entire defense budget and the nation's economy on one contract. But our job here is to make sure that we're netted together in the company, and we get to that. And I can say those on the acquisition side from Ash Carter down. Their lines and office stores are open and we're able to go in and talk to them if something doesn't seem reasonable. So there's a lot of swirl. But from our standpoint we have processes here and we know how to execute. We've got great program managers and there's always going to be a one-off and that's where management comes in to make sure that both sides understand what needs to be done.
William Swanson: We might see more on the fixed price, especially since some of the large international orders would be that way, which is good for the company and good for our customers. And that wouldn't give me any kind of pause because people know how we perform internationally. It's a large community, but I always say it's one of the smallest in the international world. Everybody knows how you're performing. And I'm happy to say there isn't a place in the country or the world that I have a concern where we do business about visiting and talking about Raytheon's performance.
William Swanson: From our standpoint, preponderance of it really is already fixed price. If you look at some of our Missile business, you look at our radars, you look at our communication or network or training, it's already that way. The cost plus is really in the development area, some of the classified area and clearly, the margins in those areas reflect cost plus. But we're also seeing now, which I'm excited about, some opportunities in cost plus to be incentivized to even do more. And that's exciting to us because as President Kennedy said about 50 years ago, we do things because they're hard, not because they're easy. And when they're hard, they bring together the talents and the resources of this company to knock it out of the park.
William Swanson: I would say the larger programs are probably more challenged because of the visibility. It's hard on the acquisition teams mainly with things that happened in the past. The tendency is to be a lot more cautious. So the bigger programs are getting more visibility. But if you look at our portfolio, I think we only have two programs over $500 million in sales last year. That predominance of our stuff is smaller programs. We see those continuing to move. And right now, clearly, our teams are side-by-side, seeing what we can do to work together since we've been delayed for a few months here, what can we do to expedite everything. And I think if people remember, kind of what I talked about on the calls last year, was how Raytheon could take cycle time out of our processes and we worked hard the last four, five months actually longer than that since last year to streamline both our international and our domestic processes so we could take and shorten our cycles. So if the government increased in any way, the overall cycle would look the same, if you know what I mean. This is something we've actually anticipated. And now that the budget's signed for fiscal year '11, especially in areas of EW, ISR, cyber and missile defense, we're off moving hard to get those moving because that's where the attention is.
William Swanson: I'll start off by saying it's great to have someone as Secretary of Defense Gates' stature as being succeeded by someone with a breadth of experience like Leon Panetta. Panetta brings a wealth of experience as the former Chairman of the House Budget Committee, the Director of OMB, Directors of the CIA and the White House Chief of Staff. He has got a broad-based experience to tap into. And if anybody understands the budget process, he sure does. With that in mind, given that the President has asked for $400 billion, if I was in charge, it would be consistent with I think what Secretary Gates has said, that you got to first start off with your roles and missions. What do we need to do, what is expected at DoD and how do they go about doing that? Once you understand it, then you can put a price tag associated with that. And that's the right way to go do it. And if the roles and missions are agreed to and the price tag is higher, then you got to go and cut some things out. And I think it's going to be an interim process. It'll take longer. It will be more in the out period than it would be in the inside period. Because clearly, as a nation, I think it would be hard for the President to ask DoD or the military to do something and somebody say, well, that's not budgeted or that's not what we're expected to do. And Libya is probably a good example of that. So it is a complicated world. We have a great military. They've responded whenever asked and they do it in a decisive manner. So to answer your question specifically, I'd probably say latter rather than sooner because it's complicated. And Gates did the right thing by looking at the budget ahead of time and figuring out how to get money out of it early. And he's made some tough calls. And as someone in this industry, I applaud him because once you understand what the calls are, then you can right-size your work business. You can double check your strategy, you can look at things and take action. It's the unknown that keeps you from making the right decisions.
William Swanson: Yes, there's a component in the EKV that's there that we're going through what they call the FRB, a Failure Review Board. And between MDA, the supplier and us and others, we're going through to make sure that we absolutely understand what happened there. And everything else in that particular program is moving forward. Some of the confusion is that people think it's a death stop. That's really not the case. When you go through something like this in the missile world, which I've spent most of my career in, you take a look at what you think the fault trees are. You go through that and as you eliminate the faults, you start to focus in on the one, two or in our case, we always want to find out what are the three things that could have caused the failure. And you work on all three, but the focus on the primary. And here, that's exactly what we’re doing. We should be wrapping that up shortly. When we do that, we'll put in what we believe is the corrective action and then we'll proceed to test it on the ground, trying to introduce the fault and see what we can do in the new ultimately go to the flight test which is the real environment, where you see vibration, where you see all kinds of things happen with targets that are planned and unplanned. So from our standpoint, we're going through the processors. Not a grave concern of laws of physics or anything like that. It's what I affectionately call the forensic engineering that you go through to analyze the faults that might make a neat television shows, some days at CSI gets so much attention on something else. But, that's what it's all about.
William Swanson: Yes. Let me see what I can do with giving you some color around it. About 11% in bookings came out of it are sales were about 16% for classified, 26% increase as you heard. We expect in the year bookings to be in the high single digit low double digit for us in class of 5. We expect sales to be around 15%. We expect that to be at 10% to 12%  growth year-over-year. That is about as far as I can go. It's clear to us. It's a driven in a couple of our businesses when we look at FAS and IIS and part of we felt a little bit of a throttling with the CR, but now that that's behind, we are overseeing the smaller contracts that we get in that area, including cyber doing very well. In fact, Just to some color, we had some great tech wins across-the-board especially in our core areas of radar, C3I, EO/IR and in the classified as I pointed out some good wins, especially in cyber.
William Swanson: Clearly, what I see taking place there is something a little bit unprecedented. And I give Secretary Gates credit for this because he took it on as they're really trying to expedite the export process and I do see commerce and state and DoD working on this. We are keeping our fingers crossed that they're going to make their timeline of this summer. And basically, what will help is that we can take the preponderance of things and move them over into what I call the fast lane. They don't need a lot of review, we've released them. They're not critical. There are other capabilities in other countries. And so that can kind of go into the fast lane much like you go on a turnpike when you get that card that let you go through quick. But then there'll be stuff that has to go through the reviews between DoD and state. And what I believe is that we have the fast lane and things go through that, it will take some of the burden off the people that have to do the job every day so they can really focus on the complicated and what they should be working on. And so from my standpoint, I'm encouraged about that. Some of the big orders have gotten through state and will be submitting some here shortly. We just, NYMEX, for example, is now in congressional notification. That should go through smoothly and we kind of expect things to go through now that there's a budget there. Not signing that budget really made it complicated for every government agency in Washington, in my opinion. Now it's behind us and let's get on with '12 and get moving.
William Swanson: First of all, it's all black. So you make it hard. And it's a gut feel. There's no analysis done on this whatsoever. So it's my gut feel to what I'd know and I probably say 1/3 of what we're doing is new.
William Swanson: Actually, IIS has made a nice shift from a lot of their sole sourced business where the work came to them. As the way I would describe it, I believe you need a wolf instinct if I could pick one, and I see IIS developing to that kind of business to where they can go out and we see it in the real small awards that wouldn't hit your radar screen but it hit ours. If you look at jobs that are $1 million, $2 million or $5 million or $10 million and they're doing very good about cultivating that, setting the expectations right, working with their customers. You see it in programs that we have putting apps on the battlefield. You see it in some of the things were doing in secure view of being able to look at passively what's happening on networks. And we also have the ability to look for malware or things that can cause harm to the systems. They have all of these applications that they're working with customers and given the fact that in the 1s and zeros world, everything travels at the speed of a click, and the threat more is so on a daily basis and they're doing very good at being a wolf in that environment. And I'm encouraged, our win rates are still extremely high which means we've got to continue to open the aperture but make sure we stay about one swim lane over so that we understand the risk and we manage the risk and we keep delivering the kinds of margins that you all expect from us.
William Swanson: I think the way we look at it I really do believe we thrive on challenges. I mean you can sit here and say, “Oh woe, it was me.” Or you can look at it and say something got canceled or this happened. There's always an opportunity. You just have to be quick and agile enough and have a portfolio of capabilities and a talented workforce that can adjust. So if something gets canceled, it means you have to keep running or performing with what you have. Otherwise, you have mediocrity. And this country has never been mediocre. So from my standpoint, we've come up with our radars, our EOIR Systems, or command-and-control or something else that can keep that platform or system going because the threat's not going away. And so you want to keep it running until you can put in a new start. So for us, I wouldn't call it O&M work. I really see it much like we can do to F-15s or F-16s, in airborne radars. What we can do on the ground and EO systems to be able to keep the existing system current and actually take care of future threats.
William Swanson: This is Bill. In my opening question, when I talked about international, I probably ripped through about $4 billion or $5 billion worth of international there very quickly. And so I think that answers your question. We can see that in the back end. We also see that things started off slower this year. So the number I gave of $27.5 million plus or minus $500 million is still the number.
William Swanson: Well, if you look at it, we have missile domestic awards coming in. We have operational training, we have some more standard missile development work. We've got AMRAAM. There is some domestic Homeland Security, contracts that we're working on now that are in negotiation. And we have one competitive program JAGM that will go in and probably won't happen on our timeline and we've got that factored in heavily because we factor all of these programs when you put them in. So from our standpoint that's kind of how we see it.
William Swanson: The CR really help things up. People can't start a new program if they don't have the funding. They can't put in options that are in the contract, can't be exercised. So that's why I said earlier, it's not a science to figure out. There's no science here on figuring out the impact of CR. And we try to give you an idea, at least there was $500,000 of bookings that we thought couldn't take credit for.
