David C. Wajsgras: Joe, bookings were always planned to ramp up throughout the year, and Q1 actually played out a little bit better than what we were expecting. We discussed on the January call that we had about $1 billion come in to last year's fourth quarter, particularly in Missiles and our Missile Defense businesses. So as I just said a moment ago, we do expect the cadence of both domestic and international bookings to increase throughout the year. If you look at the last 6 months, given some of this timing, our quarterly bookings averaged about $5.7 billion, and over the trailing 4-quarter basis, it was about $1.02 billion. The cadence for this year is not dramatically different from what we saw last year. I think with that, Bill may want to add a couple of things.
David C. Wajsgras: On a net basis, it was essentially flat. It's around $140 million last year's first quarter and roughly $140 million this year.
David C. Wajsgras: So Sam, the savings are being driven primarily by the reduction in personnel costs as we go through the consolidation from 6 to 4. And we streamline -- this is primarily around streamlining the leadership teams. And as we noted in the press release, we expect the action to affect about 200 employees. So it's important to note that the impact to 2014 and '15, frankly from a financial perspective, is de minimis because most of the savings are priced into our contracts and passed along to our customers. In 2013, you have to account for the costs to implement the program, the relocation, the severance and so forth, and that offsets the current year savings. So fundamentally, the restructuring is weighted, more so than you may realize, toward business leadership teams. But again, the driver here is primarily to more efficiently manage the operation and the business, and serve the customer going forward. Now with that said, we will continue to drive efficiencies through supply chain actions and through indirect or overhead cost reductions. I articulated some of that earlier during my comments.
David C. Wajsgras: We'll be flat to slightly down year-over-year. We have a lot of focus on all the areas of spending, and capital expenditures are not outside of the realm of what we're looking at.
David C. Wajsgras: No. Rob, that's a good observation. The full year 2013 does include -- already includes lower business with the U.S. Army, particularly around the sensor production programs. This is offset, and we have talked about this in the past, and apparently you recall, this is offset by growth on the international side, particularly in the C4I area where we have substantial development work. NCS as a business, I would say Q1 could be viewed as the trough, it's a fair way to look at it. As we move through the year, we see those businesses, by and large, expanding. And I think equally important, we see expansion from a margin standpoint as well.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, first of all, I wouldn't infer that we would end the year at the high end of the range. But let me address that in just a second. We do have a strong balance sheet, and we continue to pursue a balanced capital deployment strategy. And this guides our thinking about how we're returning value to shareholders. We're continuing to invest in the business. We're paying a strong dividend. We're pursuing targeted M&A. And as you noted, we're continuing to buy back shares. We mentioned earlier that we raised the dividend 10% this year and we did raise it, as a reminder, 16% last year. So importantly, we do remain cognizant of what's in the best interest of our shareholders when it comes to capital deployment in general and our share repurchase plans more specifically. And just to be clear, we'll continually review these plans.
David C. Wajsgras: So Noah, it's a good question. We've discussed this in the past. Frankly, I've been here 7.5 years and I think I've discussed this for 7.5 years. We...
David C. Wajsgras: Okay, 41 years. But we have continued to perform well. We execute, I would say, best-in-class. We continue to satisfy all customer requirements, both domestically and internationally. We've talked about our focus on productivity and cost efficiency, and that's continuing to put us in a very good position from a competitive standpoint. I mentioned earlier we have about 36% of our backlog with international customers and we continue to see that expanding over time. The financial returns, from an international perspective as a result of the risk associated with international business are -- it's typically higher than domestic business. So I would say, as we look forward, we're continuing to see sustainability from a margin standpoint. And I would say there would be upward pressure at some level from an overall margin profile.
David C. Wajsgras: So as you -- as we go through this year, and I'm not sure we addressed this earlier, but it's primarily in our services businesses that backlog is impacted as a result of sequestration. It's primarily IIS, RTSC, as well as some of the classified business in SAS. By and large, it's our quick-turn type business. We've talked about the back half of the year being weighted from a booking cadence standpoint. It's also heavily weighted to international. So just to give you some additional perspective. From a first half standpoint, we expect to see a book-to-bill of under 1, say roughly about 0.9. As you go to the back half of the year, we see about 1.15. And as we close out the year, we see it just around 1 overall. From an international standpoint, we see the book-to-bill at about 1.05 to about 1.15. So you can see how the cadence sort of is back-end weighted and the cadence is also weighted toward international.
David C. Wajsgras: The backlog is just about flat, even including sequestration. That's about right. I mean it's -- yes, that's the math.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So the decrease in the margin is due to the timing and the extent of the program improvements last year, the mix of business, and I may not have mentioned this earlier, but it's important. We made a significant acquisition at the end of last year, and the acquisition costs associated with integrating that encryption technology business costs about 60 basis points in the first quarter and about 50 basis points on the year. Now, the mix does become more favorable as you go to the back half of the year, and the timing of the efficiency improvements is also weighted to the second through fourth quarters in that business.
William H. Swanson: Yes. Joe, I think the easiest way is to go through our businesses. And IDS expects about half of their business to be international and those will be dominated by the Patriot awards. We've got Kuwait that's finished the -- all the military reviews and has gone over to their parliament for final signature, so we kind of see that in maybe the latter half of Q2, early part of Q3, we can touch it, not an issue. A little over $500 million. Decision in Turkey probably in Q2, award latter half of this year. At Qatar, [ph] also late this year, and that could be a couple billion. We see Oman. Oman has turned out nice for us. They've already placed an order for AMRAAM. So we see that tying together all the aero defense work there. And domestically, for them, they've got naval radars, some Aegis work and Zumwalt, and then missile defense work, and of course, as I mentioned, AMDR and Space Fence. If we go over to IIS, we don't see any composition change in their bookings. Our customers shifted from yearly funding to quarterly funding, now to monthly funding. So that's kind of reflected in how we look at things, and half of their awards are all driven by classified. Missiles expects international bookings probably here in the second quarter on AMRAAM, and Oman will be part of that. Of course, we see strong interest in RAM and Evolved Seasparrow. Paveway, Mideast, I think you're aware and others are aware that Secretary Hagel is over talking packages with those countries. So we expect Missiles to be in good shape. Referring to NCS, over 1/3 of their bookings were international, and on the domestic side, a number of opportunities. In fact, this morning, the wire just announced that we won D-RAPCON, which is a mobile air traffic control system. Initial award $252 million, we'll get a $50 million development contract. And so that was planned probably in the first quarter. It happens in the second quarter. We all know bookings are lumpy, but we look at them on a total basis and Dave kind of gave you some insight there. SAS sees about 1/3 of their bookings international, the biggest piece related to our tactical airborne radars, and South Korea gives us a good start on that one. And finally, our Technical Services, we see the range of training and logistics programs, about 25% of that is international. So that's a quick rundown in my mind going through the businesses. And I got to remind everybody that 30% of our -- 30 of our contracts represent 1/4 of our business. 128 contracts represent the 50%. And then if you look, the last half of our sales are driven by 15,000 contracts that represent $1.5 million, $2 million worth of business. And that's this company and that's what makes it so strong, because we convert those smaller programs into bigger programs later on in time, and hopefully, that answers your question.
William H. Swanson: Okay. Let me take a shot. I'm not in charge of the building so remember that when I give you my opinion. I think, having recently heard Deputy Secretary Dr. Ash Carter speak, clearly, the department is trying to make sure that they're leaner, they're more flexible, they're agile, they're going to be smaller, and they're going have to be able to adapt. And there is a focus on the Asia-Pacific region. There's been 60 years of peace there. And the United States wants to make sure our allies and our friends over there continue to enjoy another 60 years of peace. That doesn't mean from a standpoint that the threat is China. Some people predict it's more of, how do we make sure that North Korea and others don't threaten the well-being of our friends and allies over there. So I think part of the strategy is how do we do that. Probably more of a focus on naval. It'll be a repositioning of personnel, probably in places they haven't been before, but that's because they've been fighting a battle in Iraq or Afghanistan. And so from my standpoint, I think special ops are going to get more attention. They're quicker. I think companies are going to have to have technology and things they can put on the table rather than view graphs, which appeals to us. And I also see a real attention to cyber, and I break the cyber down into 3 areas. Those areas would be the network, they would be in cyberweapons and they'd be in infrastructure. And that's where part of the focus is going to be there. And of course, you all know that, that's what we've been doing for the last 4, 5 years here, getting ready for what we thought was coming. So I think there will be a strategy and then you tie your funds to your strategy, no different than what you do in a company, and I expect them to do that in a thoughtful way.
William H. Swanson: I think, Doug, you know us, we have a strategy. We've stuck to it. We've tweaked a little bit here and there. And as you look to the future, clearly, at least my take, is that companies have to be more agile going forward. The environment's changed. Our customers need the ability to sit down with us at the table and work through things. We were most recently, in the Pentagon, we went through, some of us -- our programs. I can tell you, I really felt good having that meeting. Our programs are doing extremely well if you look at our performance on cost and schedule indices. It looks like a 12-gauge shotgun with a choke, it's right around the sweet spot. And I can't say everybody else is in the same position, but I sure was thankful of Raytheon's. So when you look at the organization, it's how do we respond quicker, how do we respond with affordable solutions, and how do we continue to have the productivity gains that we've had on a year-over-year basis. And we elected to make some changes and that was worked on by the senior leadership of the company. We probably spent the better part of 9 months going through that to make sure we got it right. Tom's on board watching it. I can tell you it has gone extremely quick, extremely well beyond my expectations. And you know me, I set some pretty high standards. And so, we're seeing things click and work in a way that is just what we want. And especially internationally, you've got to be able to go in and offer solutions. Selling products just doesn't work. And I think this new organization is going to help us do that. And by the way, sometimes change for change's sake is healthy.
William H. Swanson: Well, let me start off by saying MEADS is not a Raytheon program. The U.S. Army has decided not to procure MEADS. It made that decision some time ago and continues to state that decision. The continued performance of Patriot contrasted with MEADS' long-standing cost overruns and schedule delays were the primary reason most members of Congress thought the program should be terminated early. However, the Pentagon has told them they face cancellation fees, so the funds have been put in for the cancel -- for to finish the program so they don't have that particular thing. So I guess the way to answer your question is Patriot has a long installed base. It has numerous international customers, and I don't lose any sleep at night whatsoever over the other program.
William H. Swanson: Yes. It's -- first of all, our Technical Service business really leads in the, what I'll call the virtual, live and constructive training. They do that in a way that really leverages from our commercial side of the business there. Many people don't realize that we provide the training for GM and Chrysler and Opel. And if you dealt with the automobile industry, you know that they're continually looking for price and value. And so for us, we find a way to do compression and education or training so we can basically take a program -- and compression means that we can take 20% or 30% out, and increase the retention and deliver better results. We've taken that and got it into our army training. That training gets propagated into other areas, it's expanding internationally. But what we've all got to realize is that with sequestration, you've got the Secretary and the Deputy, they've got to worry about the budgets and how to make everything fit. And so from my standpoint, I think about it in a way that they look at personnel, which is off-limits, the President's decided that, that's not going to be touched. They're going to take care of mandatory things like nuclear deterrents and security concerns. They're going to make sure they protect new programs that they want to go through. And finally, you get to people. And so that department's going through some hard choices now with furloughs. I think they've decided that it's going to be around 13 days. In the next 3 or 4 weeks they got to decide if they're going to implement that or not. And then you finally get to O&M. And O&M, especially, if you're on the services side, provides quick savings to the building. And they're not canceling programs, so it puts the focus there. We think we've factored that correctly into our services business. And as you point out, it's resilient because they deliver good value and they're constantly realizing that we have to come up with savings to help our customers fit their budget. So from our standpoint, we're going over a speed bump right now that we think we forecasted correctly. And then as we go forward, we'll see where things go. It's unlikely there is going to be any change in sequester in the next few months. We assume it's going to take the full year. The fiscal year '14 budget gives them -- Congress and the administration a chance for maybe a grand bargain. We'll find out what happens here. But we continue to work with our customers to help them prepare what's in front of them. I hope that helps.
William H. Swanson: Yes. What people also have to remember, some people expected the world to end with sequestration. It happens over time, it's a slow buildup. And for me, the world has changed, and the area you worry about or you focus on is where you don't deliver a product is the easiest place to go get money or it's fungible. So where you have programs or products or international, which will continue anyway, so you really worry about what I'll call the seats or positions you have on the service side. And we've looked through that, and we've got some strong programs, and we think we've taken that into account as Dave pointed out.
William H. Swanson: Howard, you're right. It's -- part of our philosophy here, the company -- or the strategy is that our products or our services have got to both be forward-looking but they've also got to be backward-compatible. So we look at what we do. And in this world, I think some of what we have is going to have to last longer. And so when you think about an F-16 aircraft and you can put a new AMRAAM D on it and you can put an AESA Radar on it, you have made that really a potent platform. The other thing we see on the naval side are Zumwalt program, what we've been able to do there with 11 or 12 new technologies that we put there. We've been able to go backward-fit those. And now, given the shipbuilding performance, the integration and where we see that going, it really reaffirms to people that you can go both directions here. So I think you've seen our existing product lines continue to grow. And the thing we feel excited about, and that's something I talked to Dr. Carter about, is that the Department is really going to worry about new starts. The thing you have with -- you know this as well as I do, old programs have many fathers and mothers. New programs are like plants with shallow root structure that people can pull up. But what leadership has to worry about is that those development programs are really the future. And I see the building trying to protect those programs going forward, which I think bodes well for the kind of work we do, if that helps.
William H. Swanson: I think if we won half or more, it would be good for the home team. And of course, Tom Kennedy's looking at me, telling me it would be very good for the home team. So it's one of those where we don't play would've, could've, should've. And what that is, is when we submit our proposals, we give it our best shot and take into account everything we know. And what we realize is that our customers don't buy technology for technology's sake. They're really looking at what's the best value. And the best value includes a lot of different things now. One is energy consumption. And when I started in this business, nobody cared about energy consumption. And so now, when you look at some of these big radars or these systems is how much do you consume and how is that evaluated besides reliability, maintainability and the rest of the -ilities. So we feel good about where we're going. And even in the technology arena, for us, they're not big jobs, million dollars. We're worried about a hybrid dish where you can go out in the field and have a sterling engine to be able to generate energy to use 50% less power. Those are the kinds of things this company works on. And they come in here, we look at them, we get excited. And then the teams go off. And I could talk about others. We have a program that BBN's doing, which is developing script-independent technology where we can transcribe handwritten documents. We're the only ones in the country working on that from a DARPA point of view. I could go on all morning about some of the neat things we're working on, but that's how we see it. But to answer your question, yes, it would be a good thing to win more than half of them.
William H. Swanson: Okay. Well, George, I think the thing of it is, is you have to look at Raytheon's portfolio. Extremely strong internationally. And so that's growth, that's not a decrease. And then you look at, as I mentioned, 15,000 contracts make up half of our sales. Those are $1.5 million to $2 million contracts, and that's a real strength of what we do, and we're a technology company and we believe we can compete with anybody in the world in that area. And then you have to look at the budget that's going down. There's always -- those are the cold spots. You have to be able to look at the hot spots. And so for us, from a standpoint, we think we're in the hot spots, that's where we try to be. We didn't go into Fed IT, we talked about cyber before anybody could spell it. And so part of what we have to do is make sure that we're at the forefront of that area. And so that's why we think we can be, as you say, a book to bill of 1, which means you'd be flat on backlog. And by the way, if the international comes in stronger, that's even better.
William H. Swanson: Well, that's part of the debate, George. And I guess we've given you our best guidance. And I've been around here for a long time and I think Raytheon's been pretty accurate, at least in my last 10 years, about predicting where things were going to go.
William H. Swanson: And what you got to realize is we model all our 18,000 contracts and our 8,000 programs. So we have a little bit of an advantage over you.
William H. Swanson: Yes. That's okay. We've been doing this for a long time, so it's a healthy debate. But I think what's really key here is you can detect no apprehension on what I'm telling you.
