Chris Calio: Okay. Thanks, Nathan. I'm on Slide 10. As you've heard today, our second quarter operating results were very strong, and we're confident in our updated outlook for the full year. But if you step back and just think of beyond 2024 and look at the long term for RTX, we've got the best position franchise programs with the right content on the right platforms across commercial, aerospace and defense. Our large and growing installed base will support significant commercial aftermarket growth for decades to come, and our industry-leading defense capabilities address the threats playing out across the global landscape. All right. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Chris Calio: Yes. Okay. Peter, thanks for the question. Let me take you through where things stand. As you noted, our key assumptions around AOGs, lingering turnaround time, shop visit mix between heavy and light and customer compensation all remain consistent. And as I noted up front, our assumptions on the inspection follow-up rates and the findings are all consistent, or even better than we planned. So good stability around the key assumptions. As you know, MRO output is the key enabler and we're focused on improving the material flow, better processes in the shops and we've added some capacity on this front. And again, we saw some good signs of progress here in the first half of the year. I mean, output was up 10% from Q1 to Q2 and first half output on the 1100 is up over 30% versus the first half in 2023. So continue to drive some output there, which is helpful. The key enabler of course on the MRO output is material. You had mentioned that, no upfront. We're continuing to see some progress on structural castings. Structural castings are up about 5% sequentially and 14% year-over-year, so good progress there. And then on forging, the powdered metal parts. We continue to drive output there as well. Isothermal forging were up almost 100% year-over-year. And we continue to add additional capacity for inspection and machining. For example, we've nearly doubled our sonic inspection capacity for the year. So again, driving on all the key enablers, Peter, to try to get this fleet in as healthier shape as we possibly can. I'll also just note, sort of unrelated to the fleet management plans. We continue to drive OE output as well. OE deliveries were up sequentially, up 30% in the first half on a year-over-year basis, despite sort of grinding through some of the supply chain portabilities. And we're also pleased with the additions to the GTS backlog that were announced at Farnborough recently. So again, focusing on what we can control on the fleet management plan and continuing to drive both supply chain and new orders into the backlog.
Chris Calio: Yes. Thanks, Rob. So again, you heard me say just a minute ago to Peter that ROE deliveries are up sequentially and up first half of the year, 30% on a year-over-year basis. We're not necessarily where we need to be with Airbus. But again, we're seeing strong growth sequentially and year-over-year. And our outlook reflects our assessment of kind of where Airbus needs support from us. And we're aligned on what they need. You alluded to the fact that, we're balancing both OE and spare engine and material. And that's true. And we need to do that for the support of the fleet. But again, I continue to be encouraged by what we continue to drive in terms of production, and getting Airbus what they need. And I think in the back half, we're going to continue to balance the OE spare engine and MRO needs. But I think, we'll be in a position to get Airbus what they need.
Chris Calio: Yes, thanks, Myles. I'll start and then Neil can certainly chime in. Certainly not an easy decision, but we've been alluding to the fact that we've had a significant classified program out there that was, we would say, not in our wheelhouse. Meaning the work that we had taken on, and this contract was pre-formation of RTX, was not within our core competency. And we struggled with that, and we struggled to get to the right technical solutions, and ultimately came to a point where, we just didn't think it was productive anymore to continue to go down this path. And ultimately decided it was in the best interest of us, and the customer to just kind of do a reset here, and allow us to go focus our resources on some of the other programs that we've got. You had mentioned a handful of other, I'll call them classified development, fixed price development programs that we've been talking about. I'll say those are much different in terms of risk profile than the one we took action on here. Those have some important milestones here in '24 and in '25. But we feel like we've got a much better handle on those than the one we're talking about here. And feel like we understand the risks much better there, and what needs to be done to get them to closure.
Chris Calio: Yes. Before I do that, Doug, I'll just say on the V, I mean, obviously our customers are relying heavily on that, given the other stress in the fleet. So, we're heavily focused on making sure that, V inductions, turnaround times and what not, that the support is there for the customer base. On the GTF MRO, you're right. In the shop, when we've got material flowing, when we've got material in the right positions in gate two and gate three. We are seeing significant reduction in shop turnaround time, both our shops and our partners, which is really encouraging. The induction times are really a function of what we would call the parking lot. Doug, there are a lot of engines that came off wing, obviously, when the AD hit. People did some of that proactively. So, we are still working through a large parking lot of engines that need to get inducted into the shop. But again, we're encouraged by what we're seeing when the material is there, which is why we're so heavily focused on making sure the supply chain is healthy. You heard me talk about structural castings, isothermal forgings. These are the things that are going to be the biggest unlock for us as we take the AOG numbers down, and support our customers.
Chris Calio: Good morning, Samantha. How are you doing? Let me start there. I mean, we're seeing significant improvement in the interiors business. And frankly, the second half story for Collins is going to rely substantially on the aftermarket uptick there, in mods and upgrades. And the one thing I would say about the Collins portfolio of businesses as we've seen really strong performance across all the segments, the - SBU segments there. And many of them are at or above, frankly above, where we were in 2019. Interiors is the one place where we're still lagging. So we're encouraged by the orders we are seeing there. And we do expect that to translate to substantial growth in the second half of this year that's going to be driving a substantial part of Collins aftermarket year-over-year.
Chris Calio: Yes. Thanks for the question. Right now, Seth, we don't see a reason to change the outlook. The fundamental business drivers remain strong on both the commercial and defense side, our end markets have proven pretty resilient and demand remains strong as we set up front. I think with everybody else, there are several items that we're tracking that have 2025 implications. I think OE rates kind of continue to see the strength in the aftermarket. That's a big part of the cash walk in 2025. And of course, the supply chain I mean you just heard me talk about the sequential improvement and the stability we're seeing, but that's got to continue to ramp. But again, still feel like the 2025 cash goal here is achievable based on everything we see today, both within our four walls and the macro environment.
Chris Calio: Sure. Thanks, Kristine. And you're right, structural castings has been a habitual sort of constrained value stream even since the beginning of the ramp-up back in the '16, '17 time frame, while we've seen some improvement here, I mentioned up 5% sequentially. It needs to be higher than that, in order to continue to meet the demands of both OE to the airframers, spare engines, and MRO. So again, while we're seeing sort of positive incremental improvement, it needs to continue to grow. And the reason its constrained is because there are very few people that do this. And a lot of us in the industry rely on the same players. And so, we're all ramping up around the same time. To your point about what we're doing differently. I would say we're really working hard on making sure that our demand signal is crystal clear that people know what we need both from an OE, but also an MRO perspective. And then getting on LTAs as quickly as we can, so that we can make sure that, again, supply chain knows what we need, when we need it and that they can go make the necessary investments to deliver.
Chris Calio: Hi Cai, thanks for the comments. Overall, we're pleased with the first half results as you kind of outlined there, and we've updated our full year guide to reflect that strong top line growth. When we think about the segments and what's going on there, there are some headwinds. We've got some higher product costs, primarily in the defense pieces of Pratt and Collins. We've got a little bit of under-absorption with some of the lower OE rates. And we've seen some higher E&D. Now we have offset some of those headwinds with some below-the-line items, such as corporate spending reductions and tightening. So there are a few moving pieces here, but we've got good momentum as we enter the second half of the year, and we're confident in the updated outlook.
Chris Calio: Yes. Thank you, Jason. And as you might imagine, having been a Farnborough this week, there was a lot of conversation around the future of narrow-body on sustainability and on when those platforms will be launched and get into service. I will just - I'll kind of maybe break this into sort of near medium and then longer term. Near medium, our focus and you sort of alluded to this, is on the GTF advantage. Right now, we're about 90-plus percent of the way through that testing. We've got some good results out of our environmental and durability, and so we're continuing down that certification path. As you know, another 1% of fuel burn, 4% thrust, but a more durable and reliable engine. So that's the near term. As we think about sort of the medium, longer term, I will tell you, we're evaluating and investing in a number of key enabling technologies for insertion into future GTF configurations. Think, composite fan blades, advanced materials like CMCs, planetary gear system. And then you referenced hybrid electric. Some of those numbers that were coming out of Farnborough are, what I would call hybrid electric or electric applications. And you think about that for the narrow-body, I view that as more of an assist, if you will, around sort of corner points of the flight envelope, lower platform, smaller platforms, the hybrid electrical view more work. And we continue to invest there and have made some really strong strides in some of our demonstrator programs. So again, we've said this before, the GTF architecture continues to have runway. And so, these are all the enabling technologies that we continue to invest in that we think we're going to be able to insert in that for the next-generation single-aisle. I'll also make the point that many of us in the industry are focused on fuel efficiency, and rightly so. I will tell you that we're also really focused on durability and reliability. As we continue to go push efficiency gains in the engine, there's always going to be trade-offs. We've got to make sure that those trades make sense, which is why we continue to invest in things like advanced coatings, and other advanced manufacturing techniques that can help with the durability of the engines. If you talk to operators today, the number one thing that they want in addition to sustainability and fuel efficiency is time on win. We've got to make sure that as we're driving efficiency and rightly so, that we're also focused on the durability of the engines in the time on wing. That's frankly how - that's what the customers need and that's what we need for our business model.
Chris Calio: Yes. Maybe just to add to that, Matt, we do have a robust and rigorous process, to take a hard look at the portfolio every year. And while there are businesses that might be solid performers, we want to make sure that they fit into the criteria long-term within RTX, namely technology differentiation and strong aftermarket tails, right? So continuing to look at the portfolio through that prism. I'll also remind you that we've set up an RTX Ventures. We've been making investments in early-stage companies keeping our eye on some of those trends, both commercial and defense. And so those may yield some opportunities as well for bolt-ons that fit into, again, our criteria.
Chris Calio: Thanks for the question, Scott, and it's a good question. Yes, the short answer is yes, there's going to need to be a discussion around aligning our business model. And I believe that's not only in the interest of -- I'll speak from the engine side from the Pratt team, but also from the airframer team. When you are - you've got different incentives in terms of how you make your money, it does just drive a tension. And ultimately, sometimes the customer is the one that's sort of caught in between there. And so again, I think the more that we can align our business models the better will be for the OEMs and for the customer base. And you're right, the opportunity to do that is going to be on the next platform. We're already obviously entrenched in their current platforms. But I think we're both seeing this at times, misalignment play out. And I think with the new platforms, it gives us a chance with a clean sheet of paper to sketch out how do we get better aligned and better serve our customers.
Chris Calio: Thanks, Noah. So let me just step back and give you sort of a powder metal sort of ramp-up and insertion background here. So as we've talked about before, since late last year, everything coming off the line going to the OEMs had the full life powder metal parts. Now all spare engines have those as well. MRO was always a, I'll call it, a phased ramp-up. And so we'll start to see this ramp up here in the second half of the year, and it's going to continue to accelerate into 2025 and into 2026. Again, we've put a lot of emphasis on isothermal forging production. As I said, upfront, we put a lot of demand into the system, as you might imagine, given what's happened with the fleet. And we've seen some solid progress we need to continue to see some more ramp up. And as we said before, when a shop - excuse me, when an engine comes into the shop for a visit, we do an evaluation based on the work scope it needs, where it operates, when it was naturally going to see another shop visit to determine whether or not insertion of those parts makes sense. Again, we're trying to get the longest time on wing that we can and make sure that we allocate these resources appropriately. And so that -- those are all the things that go into decision as to which engines get the full life parts in, which we can do an inspection and do all the other things in the engine, because it was already slated to come back in advance of the time limits that, we've established. So there's a lot of moving pieces here. But suffice it to say, it's going to be a continued ramp back half of this year, '25 and '26 on powdered metal production and insertion and MRO.
Chris Calio: The assumptions remain similar, Noah. But I'll tell you, each customer negotiation is different based upon where they operate and how they operate. And so the agreements are tailored to those, I would say, airline-specific metrics and criteria. But we're using the same, I'll call it, key assumptions that we outlined upfront across the board.
Chris Calio: Yes. Thanks, Scott. So yes, we - on the seating question, we continue to work our way through the certification there. These are actually a lot more complex, and I think people understand and the certification requirements are relatively high bar, but we think we have our arms around what we need to do there to get these certified and ultimately into the hands of airframers and the airlines. On the heat exchanger, I'll just remind everyone that, that was a part that we had to move as a result of the conflict in Russia/Ukraine, out of Russia, and then set up another source here, and set up a separate supply chain, and that has taken some time. But we're starting to ramp up there to the rates that we need to support what we think Boeing's demand is.
Chris Calio: All right. Thanks, Olivia. That concludes today's call. As always, I and the Investor Relations team will be available for follow-up questions. I really appreciate everyone joining us today, and have a good day.
Neil Mitchill: And just to add, Myles, in terms of the cash flow impact. So, as I sit here today, there's really just a few changes that we've made to our '24 outlook. The first is about $1 billion related to the legal matters. We sold about a $0.5 billion related to the contract matter that Chris just was talking about. And offsetting that is about a $0.5 billion of improvement that we've seen operationally in our tax payments due to some planning that we've done. So, net-net, that's $1 billion. And I would expect that that mostly sits in the fourth quarter of this year. It'll depend on when we get the final resolutions with the government agencies, but that's trending towards certainly late September, or early in the fourth quarter.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Let me start with free cash. You just heard me talk about sort of the changes that we rolled into our outlook for the year. As I think about the absolute value of the $4.7 billion, remember, that includes a couple of non-recurring items that are pretty substantial. And if you adjust for those things, you kind of get to a $7 billion, $7.5 billion, maybe even higher level of free cash flow that is operational. So, I think as we look forward, Sheila, and we get the powder metal payments behind us this year and next year, just a little color, so far we're a little less than $200 million into our $1.3 billion in powder metal outflows this year. We expect that to obviously ramp up. You heard us talk about doubling the number of customers that, we've got agreements with, and about two-thirds of the fleet under agreement. So, I would expect third and fourth quarter kind of be split pretty evenly, with respect to the rest of the payments this year. But if you look at the underlying operations, you can see that there's real strong organic sustainable cash flow. And I think that's what we'll be looking to see sustain itself over time. Now, in particular, there's some working capital improvement. I've talked about like $1.1 billion of improvement year-over-year and arriving at our $4.7 billion. Obviously, inventory was a use of cash in the first half. We expect that to turn around in the second half, which is typical for our business. We've got a little bit of headwind from the OE production rates that we've contemplated in that, but we're seeing stronger collections on the customer side. So, that balances for the rest of this year. So, that's how I would characterize the free cash flow situation today. As it relates to the DOJ and the outcomes, I think we feel very certain about the amount of cash impact that's going to happen this year. As we talked about in our prepared remarks, we've reached agreements in principle. There's some work to do to get that finalized with the various government agencies. That could take a few months, but when it happens, that will get filed and be available publicly. And then shortly thereafter we'll be required to make the payments associated with that. There's very little that lingers beyond that. I'd say it's in the $50 million a year kind of range following 2024, so it's manageable. Those costs will include some residual payments on the global trade related consent agreement, as well as some internal costs that we'll obviously invest in to continue to improve our processes, as we support the monitor activities. So, I would leave it at that for now with those items.
Neil Mitchill: Doug, let me start on the V2500. Then I'll hand it over to Chris to talk a little bit about the GTF induction times and turnaround times. On the V2500 on a first half basis, we're at about 369 inductions to-date. So, we had talked about 800 on a full year basis, and we expect that. We still expect that to continue. And I guess the good news there is that, with that acceleration, not only are we seeing an increase in the number of shop visits in the second half of the year, we're also seeing more work scopes. So, these are heavier overhauls. And all of that will contribute to the second half growth that we'll expect to see coming from Pratt & Whitney, particularly in the aftermarket. So, the second half story for Pratt's, operating outlook is really focused around what we call the mature commercial engines, the V2500 being the biggest part of that. So, that's where we sit today on that front. Chris, maybe a couple comments on GTF.
Neil Mitchill: One thing I would add there, too, is that we've forward deployed a lot of our own people to these suppliers to help sort through the assessments that are required around the inspection criteria. As you know, these are parts that are built to extremely tight tolerances. And it's important to have our engineering teams working collaboratively with the supply base. To make sure that we can clear those items, as they come through the production process. And that's been something that I think we've put a lot of effort into over the last couple of years, frankly, but we've ramped that up recently.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. Yes, let me add a little bit, Cai, in terms of the top line, maybe some perspective on the moving pieces. You saw that we took up our sales 750 at the low end, 500 at the high end. So think about the midpoint, obviously, 625. If you break that down, I would put $500 million of that is in the Pratt & Whitney business. It's really two pieces of that. About $400 million of that, 80% is in the military business. We saw really strong material inputs, particularly supporting the F135 and F117 aftermarket. We dropped that through. And the rest is slightly higher OE. You saw the numbers we had in the first and second quarter. And so, we're seeing good mix and we're letting that flow through to the full year as well. As Chris mentioned, the profit side of Pratt, we're seeing higher production costs, again, particularly in the military side of the business as we burn down the F135 contract and a little bit of higher R&D spending supporting the continued certification of the GTF advantage and obviously, the powder metal related things. At Collins, we also took that guide up a little bit, see high single-digit, I think, 7% to 8% higher end of the range that we were at before. That's about $100 million of sales. And as I think about that, it's a couple of hundred million, maybe a three points lower on the commercial OE side. We've taken our rates down on the Boeing side in particular, but offsetting that or more than offsetting that is the aftermarket and the military side of Collins as well. So about a one point increase on the commercial aftermarket, two points on defense. Just to kind of round it out, at Raytheon, we now see solid flat, if you will, organically up mid-single digits. It's about $50 million. There's slightly higher eliminations at the corporate level. We're going to kind of hold as a placeholder of what we saw in the second quarter for the rest of the year, a lot more intercompany activity between Collins and Pratt and Collins and Raytheon there. So again, we're early, we're encouraged by the first half results on the profit side. But certainly, on the top end, we're seeing a trend towards the top end of our prior ranges, taking them up slightly here. And of course, if there's more, you'll see that in the results. I want to kind of see another quarter play out.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning Matt, this is Neil. We're really happy, obviously, with some of the transactions that we've announced recently in Hoist & Winch in particular. Not going to be able to give you the numbers today, but once that transaction is closed, we'll get that out there in the right form. But we got good value there. We expect to close that in the fourth quarter as it relates to the actuation business at Collins. We are pleased to see the Italian approval in the last quarter. We're continuing to support Safran and the efforts that are required to close that transaction. Again, nothing that we see we can't get through here, but it's going to take a little bit of time, some regulatory hurdles still remain there. But there's other things we're looking at. We're always looking at the portfolio. As Chris and I have talked about, we're targeting bolt-on type M&A that fits into our technology road maps where it's appropriate. We want to be opportunistic there, but we also want to be thoughtful and careful. And then we're always looking at the portfolio from a pruning perspective, nothing to announce today. But I can tell you that we're going through a rigorous process, as we always do every year. And there'll probably be a handful of others that we come up with. We've talked about some of them in the past, but again, nothing to say today.
Neil Mitchill: Sure, David. Listen, I'm not going to get into specific rates per se, but I'll tell you that, obviously, we started the year with a more aggressive outlook in terms of what that rate ramp would look like. What I would tell you is that we're in the low 30s in the first half of the year. And we do expect the rate to ramp up as the year goes on. So it's not a flat rate assumption, but I'd say it's a calculated increase. And you'll be able to hear from Boeing next week. I think I'm sure they'll have something to say about their rates. I'd say today, we're aligned with the airframers, but we're monitoring it just like everybody else. On the Airbus front, Chris talked about it already same thing. We're aligned there with the Airbus team on output. There is always a desire to increase those rates, but we're doing the best we can to balance between airline customers and the OEMs here. But I'd say from an outlook perspective, we're reasonably well calibrated, barring some change that we're not aware of right now.
