William H. Swanson: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Raytheon reported strong or solid second quarter operating performance, driven by great execution across the company. I'm pleased with our performance in the quarter. We continue to focus our efforts on driving efficiencies across the operations and leveraging our portfolio of advanced technologies to capture new business. Bookings were solid in the quarter, with a book to bill of over 1.0, driven largely by our domestic and classified business. Notable bookings include awards for the Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle, Standard Missile-6, domestic and foreign training and several classified contracts. Funded backlog increased by over $600 million year-to-date and by approximately $2.1 billion compared to the second quarter of 2011. Our international pipeline remains robust. At Farnborough International Airshow earlier this month, I had the opportunity to meet with a number of our international customers. And what I can tell you is that there was considerable interest in Raytheon solutions from a broad set of both existing and new customers. Overall at this year's show, we hosted 30 delegations and had over 600 meetings within a short time frame. I'm encouraged by what I've heard from our international customers. They continue to look to us for solutions in the areas of missile-defense, radars, ISRs, cybersecurity, Air Traffic Management and training. In the international market, we continue to set the pace among our peer companies, and in the quarter, international represented approximately about 25% of our total sales. I'd like to take a few minutes to highlight an important achievement in the quarter. Our Standard Missile-3 had 2 successful intercept tests, one on May 9 and the other on June 27. These intercepts, which have been compared to a bullet hitting a bullet outside the atmosphere, demonstrate a critical capability for the United States and our allies. And they’re an example of how Raytheon continues to provide some of the world's most advanced technologies to meet our customers’ most pressing needs. In terms of contract awards, we received an order for the next block of Multi-Spectral Targeting System for the U.S. Air Force Reaper, UAV in the quarter. The MTS-B, as it's called, is a multi-use electro-optical infrared sensor that also provides target acquisition. This is basically the round ball that many of you see on the predator and reaper drones, and it's just one of the many products across Raytheon that leverage our core EO/IR capabilities. This follows an order received for the dismounted detection radar, DDR, in the first quarter, also for the reaper. DDR is a synthetic aperture radar pod that can be used to detect ground moving targets in all weather, day or night, and it's a product of our core RF capabilities being applied in innovative ways to meet the demands of the war fighter. These products reflect our strong position in the ISR markets, alignment with our customers' priorities, and demonstrate our platform-agnostic strategy at work. This strategy gives us the flexibility to place products on multiple platform vehicles and systems. I would be remiss if I didn't address sequestration. On this topic, there isn't too much enthuse to report from where we were at the end of the first quarter. Congress continues to look at alternative courses of action. However, the reality is this is an election year, which makes coming to a final agreement more challenging. Further, the Office of Management and Budget has not rendered its interpretation of the legislation and the Department of Defense has not indicated its plan for implementing sequestration. So in this context, we continue to plan for a range of potential outcomes. And like we do every day here at Raytheon, we're focused on reducing our costs, optimizing our resources so that we can provide the best value for our customers. Whether sequestration happens or not, it's ingrained here in our culture, and you can see that reflected in our performance. It's a product of our heritage that goes back 9 decades. This month, we're celebrating our 90th anniversary. Back when we were founded in 1922, few could have imagined or envisioned the idea of intercepting a ballistic missile in space. It was basically the realm of science fiction. Today, it's a reality. Certainly, many other things have changed since our founding but what is steadfast is Raytheon's consistent focus on excellence in technology and innovation and tackling some of our customers’ really hard problems. It is what we're known for around the world and why our customers know that they can count on us today and in the future. I'd like to thank all of those who helped make Raytheon into the company it is today, past and present. Thanks to them and today's world-class team, Raytheon remains well positioned for the future. With that, like to turn it over to Dave.
William H. Swanson: Sure, be happy to. I'll run through a few international. Notification on Kuwait is taking place as we speak. We expect approval of that by the end of August. Kuwait will be for 2 to 4 fire units, roughly. We're figuring the first tranche at about $1 billion there. Turkey, because of what's going on in Syria, and so forth, was supposed to have their decision this summer. It looks like it'll be at the latter part of this year so we expect to hear their decision now at the latter part of Q4. Oman will be purchasing a ground-based system that’ll probably be in $1.5 billion range. We expect that Q4 time frame, maybe Q1. We have precision munitions, in the category of Paveway, we expect about $500 million cumulative in Q4 there. Air traffic control radar is probably $200 million to $300 million between now and the end of the year. We expect missiles, TOW, SM and the other things we build, probably around $500 million, plus or minus $100 million for that. Training in the $150 million to $200 million. And international C4I, we finished negotiations in an area there and we expect that one to probably be in the Q3, early Q4 time frame. So as you can see, a rich pipeline there. The airshow was interesting for us, it was a great opportunity for me. I always call it a target rich environment because all our customers are there, and you get to spend time with them in a different kind of atmosphere, and talk about some of their problems. Clearly, for the Mideast, missile-defense is important whether you look at Saudi, UAE, Qatar, Oman, those are all areas for us that have interest in providing air defense for a number of reasons given the issues they have in that part of the world. You didn't mention the Pacific Rim, that's also very active for us when you look at the threats that they have and various countries either trying to disrupt navigation or control navigation on the seas there. So that has an effect internationally. It also has an effect domestically as people try and think about keeping the United States out of the shipping lines. So for us, we look at both of those areas and what they were talking to us about right in our wheelhouse. And they come to us to help them provide full solutions, not just products. So that's one of our strengths. So I felt very good about the airshow this year.
William H. Swanson: Yes. I would say the changes were pulling out of Iraq, Afghanistan. So the U.S. has had a big presence there for the last, what, 10 years. And if the U.S. is pulling out then various countries realize that they have to do more and I think they're thinking about that and taking action very seriously.
William H. Swanson: Yes. Howard, I don't think we're hitting a wall, if that's the question. And from our standpoint, when I went through the international, that gives us opportunities. We still have to work hard, manage the programs. As you know and others know, international always has risk, and the way you perform is to retire the risk. I think this company does very good at that, given our large international base and given our returns. So one thing I got out of Farnborough that I can -- that I took home is that our customers are confident when they do business with us, we are going to deliver and give them the product they want. That kind of confidence and that kind of trust and respect, you can't buy.
William H. Swanson: Dave, let me jump in here a little bit to provide a year-end. We expect international bookings to be 28% to 30% for the year, and the sales, as Dave mentioned, to be around 26% which means the volume will be up about 3% to 5%. And on the classified side, so far this year, bookings have been running about 21%. We expect the year to be around 15% but we expect the growth in classified to be about 20%. So we're feeling pretty good about the classified side of the business.
William H. Swanson: For us, our M&A strategy has been about the same. We continue to pursue targets that -- technologies that augment our strategic position, and we continue to pursue this strategy. For us, we think it's the best one for shareholders. The difference between now and the '90s is the '90s had a lot of consolidation at the top and our customers have been pretty explicit on what they expect on the top. The mid-tier and lower tier, there hasn't been a -- I think, your question is more on the reflection of the prices and what's out there. I think most companies still view that they have beachfront property and that it hasn't moved into suburban property yet.
William H. Swanson: Yes, I think so. The -- we're working with the Navy now to finish out the third ship and get that under contract. I think that the good news is the lead ship is doing well. The software, the hardware, at least, from our end, has come together nicely. And up at the shipyard, they're making progress, building this for ship and all of us associated with it feel pretty good about where it's going. We think it's a game changer. What people need to remember is the manpower on this ship is about 1/3 of what we're using today. So in a constrained environment, having a ship that operates with 150 personnel, plus or minus a few, and has the capabilities of the DDG 1000 is a good thing. And so we can't wait for it to get in the water and do its thing. And the new CNO has spoken very highly about this ship given what the environment we're staring into. The -- no change in plans, other than we see a reaffirmation of what we told you by the actions of the Navy.
William H. Swanson: I think he outlined a number of scenarios. One of those scenarios could be, could we take the time, depending on what happens in November, to be able to think through this issue? And one way to do that is to pay down part of the first year. If you pay down part of the first year, that buys you 12 months. The Secretary would like a couple years to be able to redo the strategy, to fit into the funding that this is what we're going to go do. The problem is that -- and I'll say it this way, sequester is self-imposed. We put this crisis on ourselves. It's not a natural disaster, something that happened. We picked a date and we picked a process that was horrible to both sides. What people haven't written about is what happens outside of DoD? What happens to Education or Labor or the State Department or the other agencies in the government, and people have not realized that in aerospace, we'll probably affect about 2 million jobs out there; our own plus jobs that have the multipliers. Our economy doesn't need another reset just when we're trying to get through this. So the Secretary's philosophy is, is that we need the time to go through this thing, 24 months would be nice, but if we could do 12 months, that gives us the time and let's buy down part of the requirement early. So he just outlaid the various options and reiterated that this affects the industrial base, as well as affecting the department. Both of them are outcomes that he doesn't want because the strategy that we have today, he can do what he's been asked to do. You take $55 billion out, that gets split. The way it's defined, it affects him and affects others, and we need to think through this horrible thing that we've done with sequester.
William H. Swanson: Yes. If you go to Washington and you talk to the leadership, my take is the preponderance, if not all, don't want this to happen. The real problem is, is when you ask what the solution is, you don't get it. But I think more and more people are thinking through, can we get to the $1.2 trillion or $1.4 trillion? If we can't get there, can we at least get to the first year and buy it down and give us some time to think about it. And the hard part is, is come November, people aren't sure about the results. And so that kind of keeps everybody from doing something. And then if you think of the period between November and January, there aren't that many working days in Congress, and what's on their plate is a full year's worth of work that has to be done in 18 or 20 days. So the probability of that happening isn't there. And so my opinion, we're going to see a CR. CR will probably be like last year's CR, at least that's the way we planned for it. But within that CR, they could do things in an ominous bill that could take down and pay down the first year's worth of savings that are needed. So it's still a jump ball. I wish I could tell you the answer. All I can tell you is the discussions are more along the line that nobody wants it to happen but I can't give you the solution.
William H. Swanson: OMB has basically stated, I think, that they are not going to provide guidance till after the election. So for us, we're going to be in, I guess you might call it, the Never-Never Land and have to react to the press of what's written on this subject. But until there's guidance from OMB in the interpretation of the law, then it makes it really hard. So from our standpoint, we've read the law, the Budget Control Act. The Budget Control Act actually goes back to 1985, for those of us that have been around that long, to Gramm-Rudman, to when that was implemented. And if you look at it, it basically says that at the controllable level, at the R1s and P1s, there's probably 2,500 programs that are controllable. After that stage, it probably -- the department has discretion, but that's my opinion, that's not OMB's opinion. So when you look at it, that's why I said it's probably a combination of a percentage cut and then it's discrete after that. But that's Bill Swanson's opinion and OMB will tell OSD what to do. What I think people lose sight of, and this is also my opinion, this is not a DoD issue. This is a federal issue. It's a federal issue in a sense that it affects all the government and the cuts come out of the entire government. DoD is just more active because they do and have a real budgeting process that goes through this because the size and the nature of labor and material that they control. And other agencies don't have material, they have labor. So the cuts will have to be interpreted in how they do it. So it is a complicated problem and my bottom line answer is, I don't expect anything on guidance till after the election. That's why I think the Hill is talking more about what did they do and do we buy some time here so we can think through this, if that helps.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay, so, right. The Q will have all the disclosure that you just suggested. The EAC adjustments, I think this is what you're getting at, in the second quarter, were about $175 million, a little under a $60 million improvement from the second quarter last year. That was driven by a couple of key factors, but there's obviously a multitude of adjustments given our 8,000 programs and 15,000 contracts. From a missile systems standpoint, they improved about $21 million as the result of improvements in a land combat systems program. There was also material and other cost efficiencies in the international tactical radar product area at SAS. On a year-to-date basis, the EAC adjustments amount to about 2.6% of revenue. So in general, we run about 2% to 2.5% of EAC adjustments relative to sales, that's been the historical pattern over the last 4 or 5 years. The first half was on the higher end of the range. We do expect it to be lower in the back half. That's primarily driven by the acceleration of cost efficiencies that I mentioned earlier, much of these were originally planned for the back half of the year. I do want to point out something else on the margin profile because it's driven by a number of different factors. You have the mix of programs, meaning the stage of completion, international versus domestic, development versus production, and fixed price versus cost by contract. So if you're looking at the margin going forward, you need to consider all of these factors. From a business perspective, the opportunities are weighted toward our production and international programs over our cost and service type programs. So a way to think about this might be, if you look at Technical Services or IIS, these businesses have a higher mix of cost and service programs so they don't offer the same level of opportunities as some of the other businesses. Now for IDS specifically, the strength of the second quarter margins were due to continued focus on execution, again, some of which we had expected in the third and fourth quarters. We also achieved better-than-expected results on a few performance milestones. IDS did exceed our internal performance targets on some international programs, and again, we don't see this recurring in the back half of the year. Given the order book, particularly in the international area, we do see stronger volume from IDS and continued solid performance, particularly from factory operations.
David C. Wajsgras: So look, from a domestic and foreign standpoint, we said this early on that we are weighted to the back half of the year and we're continuing to track to that pace and cadence. In the second quarter, international sales were down about 5%, again, as expected given the ramp up of the international orders that we received in the back half of '11. So again, it is in line with what we had talked about on previous earnings calls. From a domestic standpoint, we were down about 2.5% on the quarter. So on the first half, the company is down about 3% in sales. Now moving forward, domestic, we expect in the back half of the year to be about break even, plus or minus 2%. And from an international standpoint, we see sales growth of 8% to 12%. This was mentioned just a moment ago, we do see the book-to-bill for the year from a company perspective to be between about 1 and 1.05. International, as a subset of that, will be about 1.1 to 1.17. So again, we do see continued growth from an international perspective and domestic continues to perform fine.
David C. Wajsgras: Now, George, from just a pure sales standpoint, the classified was down about 2.5%, in line with the other domestic business. But again, we expect that to pick up in the back half of the year. We booked just under $1 billion in classified sales at 2 businesses in the second quarter, so again, that business continues to remain healthy.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. So in 2012, the FAS/CAS adjustment is expected to be just under $285 million. Looking further out, there are a number of variables that impact the adjustment and the funding requirements. As you know, these include the discount rate, the return on assets and some other actuarial assumptions, and the new CAS harmonization rules, as well as the new pension funding stabilization law. So while the discount rate environment is currently lower than it was at the end of 2011, our -- the FAS/CAS is not adjusted for 2012 and it's difficult at this point to predict how that plays out in 2013. As a general rule of thumb for Raytheon, every 25 basis point change in the discount rate has roughly a $60 million impact on the FAS/CAS adjustment. It's probably important to note as well that the re-timed contribution levels resulting from the Pension Funding Stabilization Law do increase the FAS/CAS expense adjustment by between $60 million and $80 million. But again, a lot of these variables, other variables have to be considered when you're projecting that out. So let me just get a little more specific. Like I said a moment ago, the 2012 FAS/CAS adjustment doesn't change. For 2013, given the 8.75% return on asset assumption, as well as a 5% discount rate assumption, we see the FAS/CAS adjustment going from what we had projected before at about $45 million to just over $100 million. And it's difficult to predict after that at this point. Again, this will all be subject to change as we close out the year. From a cash standpoint, these are essentially re-timed contributions into the pension plan. On a gross level, that impacted the contributions by roughly $500 million in '12, and about $400 million in '13. After you take into account the contract reimbursement and tax impact of those contributions, it impacts the company from a cash flow standpoint of about $100 million in 2012 and about $300 million next year. Lastly, you asked about CAS harmonization, that impacts us favorably by about $200 million in 2014 and improves from there over the next few years, 2015, '16, '17. We are continuing to focus on our cost efficiencies and productivity. I spoke about that earlier, Bill addressed it earlier, and we will remain very competitive from that perspective.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, yes, there's a -- from the tax standpoint, the cap on the domestic manufacturing deduction is adjusted as a result of the pension contributions. Following that, the tax posture from the company was improved.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, sure. This is actually something we've been talking about for a while. The demand for our international tactical radar programs continues to be strong and there is increasing demand for the ISR sensors that support the growing requirements for full motion video in theater. So the product lineup at SAS is healthy across-the-board. The classified business continues to be strong. And from an operational perspective, Rick Hughes and the team out there continue to do an excellent job from a contract execution standpoint. There's nothing new from a perspective of where we were seeing the business about 6 months ago.
David C. Wajsgras: So we've updated our full year diluted share count guidance. I'd rather not get specific on the dollar spend on buyback. I think what's important is that we continue to have an overall balanced capital deployment strategy. Bill and I see that as the best approach for driving shareholder value over the long term. We do continue to see strong cash flow. We've performed well, historically. If you look at the 2-year average, we're still about $2 billion a year from an operating cash flow generation standpoint on a normalized basis. And we continue to invest in all the right areas from a company perspective. It's probably worth noting, again, that we did increase the dividend in the first quarter, 16% and that was our eighth consecutive dividend increase here at Raytheon.
David C. Wajsgras: No, it's really addressed with the timing of these cost improvement actions that we had talked about. When we began the year, we had scheduled some of these to be completed as we closed out 2012, and we were able to pull those forward into the front half of the year. So there's nothing remarkable going on from an operational standpoint and it's really timing within the 4 quarters.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. From a cash standpoint, we are confident with the guidance we provided this morning. We continue to work very well with the customer and I don't see any meaningful risk from a cash flow guidance perspective for the back half of the year. NCS is performing fine. We do have expectations for the back half of the year with respect to international bookings, as well as domestic. Some of the international specifics Bill spoke to earlier, there's a C4I program that's currently being finalized, and we expect that award here in the near term. There's virtual simulation programs that we've discussed and some other Homeland Security programs. The book-to-bill, and this is important, we expect to be in the range of 1.05 to 1.1. Again, we remain confident with the guidance for NCS, a strong leadership there from Dan Crowley, and we, from an overall company perspective, are very comfortable with what we addressed earlier today.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So the -- it's difficult to speak beyond '13. But from a gross basis, the contributions came down in '12 by about just under $500 million and just under $400 million or say around $400 million for '13. It's probably more important to see how that ultimately impacts the company. So when you take the contract reimbursement and the after-tax basis of the contributions, the shift is an improvement of about $100 million in cash flow for 2012 and $300 million in cash flow for 2013. So just one more note here, pension contributions from a tax standpoint are on a different timeframe, so you address 2013 pension contributions that are made through September in your 2012 tax return.
