Neil Mitchill: Thanks Chris. Turning to slide three, we finished the year strong and ahead of our expectations with solid growth in organic sales across all three segments, even as the year-over-year comparisons became more difficult. And overall segment operating profit for the year was up 18% versus 2022. We also ended the year with strong free cash flow as you heard from Chris. For the fourth quarter, we had adjusted sales of $19.8 billion, up 10% organically versus the prior year. This was primarily driven by growth in commercial aerospace, as well as growth across defense in all three segments. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.29 was a bit better than our expectations and up 2% as profit from higher commercial aftermarket at Pratt and Collins and drop through on higher defense volume was partially offset by the expected headwinds from higher interest taxes and lower pension income. Keep in mind we dealt with about $2.3 billion of inflationary headwinds in 2023 of which about a quarter of that was in the fourth quarter, which we largely overcame through pricing and cost reduction actions. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.05 per share and included $0.29 of acquisition accounting adjustments, a $0.06 benefit related to a customer settlement, and $0.01 net charges associated with restructuring and other non-recurring items. And finally, we delivered free cash flow with $3.9 billion in the quarter, bringing our total free cash flow for the year to $5.5 billion, which is about $700 million ahead of our prior outlook, as powder metal related impacts have shifted and year-end collections were stronger than expected. With that, let me hand it over to Jennifer to take you through the segment results and I'll come back and share our thoughts on 2024 and 2025.
Neil Mitchill: Hey, Cai. Good morning, it's Neil. Yes, and I'll take that one. So, you know, as Chris was just talking about when we closed out ‘23, for a variety of reasons, the cash flows shifted to the right. So the impact in ‘23 for powdered metal related dispersion was essentially zero. So we moved about half of that into 2024, that's the $1.3 billion that you're seeing. Still holding a $1.5 billion in our ‘25 outlook. And then we see the rest spilling into early 2026. So we'll continue to work, obviously, the agreements with our customers, and that will drive the ultimate timing of the payments, but you can see our assumptions that we've laid out there.
Neil Mitchill: Sure, thanks Sheila. Let me share a couple of other details that we didn't get into in the prepared remarks. So we did talk about the overall sales of Pratt being up in the low-double-digit range, you know, $400 million to $475 million of operating profit. The aftermarket sales are going to be up sort of low-teens. So the drop through on the aftermarket is going to be the principal driver of the year-over-year profit increase. We talked a lot about expanding the margins on our, you know, both our legacy and GTF aftermarket as we increase the volumes there. And so some of that will start to show up in ‘24 and that's a driver of drop through. On the OE side, we think the sales are going to be up in the mid-teens range. The good news there, as we look at engine productions, which think about that as up about 20%, we'll see about a headwind of maybe $125 million associated with that higher volume. So we're getting much better absorption as the volumes return back to levels that we had seen pre-pandemic and that we've been capacitized to. So I think that's another place that we're going to get some margin expansion. And then again, I'm not sure we got into this, but military will be up in the mid-single-digit range. I'd say again, we had 5% growth on the top line there. And of course, that comes with good drop through too, you know, as we get into 2024. So that's the Pratt story as we look into 2024, just a little more color there.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Myles. Good morning. Let me start, let me maybe start to frame the answer to that question with a little bit of an updated walk between ‘23 and ‘25 on free cash flow to get to the $7.5 billion. And then I'll talk about, you know, what obviously offset the reduction in the profit as part of that. So, as we look from ‘23 of $5.5 billion, that $2 billion increase is going to come principally from, you know, what I would call operational growth, about $4.8 billion, $2.9 billion of which is going to come from the pre-tax segment operating profit, and you pointed out that, that will be lower than our prior guide, and that's around the midpoint. The remaining growth is going to come from working capital improvement, about $2.2 billion, about half of which we will deal with here in ‘24 as we look to hold our inventory flat. So our ‘23 headwind operationally was about $600 million, so we're looking year-over-year to improve that. And then we'll have about a half of the, I'm sorry, $400 million of CapEx between ‘23 and ‘25, so that'll be a headwind. And then I just talked about the $1.5 billion powdered metal impact and about $1 billion headwind that split pretty evenly between -- sorry pretty evenly between interest and improvement in taxes and then finally a few $100 million of pension headwind. All of that should get you to $7.5 billion. So what's changed as we look out to 2025, there's been really three things that are different. The first is we've got about $1 billion net of tax lower operating profit baked into this long-term guide. But that's been offset by about $700 million of improvement in taxes, most notably on the back of improvements in our R&D position, as well as a $200 million based on the assumptions we see today with respect to our pension outlays. And then a little bit of additional working capital. So those are the key drivers.
Neil Mitchill: Chris, maybe I would add Just a couple of the financial points around our assumptions, financially going into 2024. As you think about the $100 million to $200 million profit increase, the first thing I would say is in ‘23, we had about a $240 million headwind associated with these negative productivity. As you said two-thirds, 70% associated with these fixed-price development programs, principally a couple of them. As we look to ‘24, our assumption is that our absolute value of productivity is zero. So we'll see about a $200 million improvement year-over-year. We'll see about $100 million at the midpoint from volume and a little bit of headwind as the lower margins roll through the backlog in ‘24. And that's what we've contemplated both in the ‘24 and the ‘25 outlook. All of that gets you down to our guide, of course, is that $80 million ahead I talked about. And as you kind of look into ‘25, our productivity assumption is about $100 million step up. So again, this business at one-time generated $300 million, $400 million, $500 million a year of productivity. But we need some time for that to play through to see those kinds of margins. But 2025 would not mark the peak of where we see Raytheon's margin potential.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Noah. So as you kind of look at the multi-year outlook here, what we've done at the top end is we've tightened up the range a little bit for the RTX sales and margin. We still see Collins and Pratt being within the ranges we talked about. Frankly, the drivers are all the same that we talked about six months ago and the last quarter as well. The aftermarket is going to fuel that. We're going to get better absorption and we'll see the benefits of lower spending on investments we've been making to drive cost reduction and the benefit of that cost reduction. So if you put all that, that's going to put Pratt and Collins in that range, probably closer towards the middle of the high-end of that range. And then we just talked about the Raytheon pieces altogether. So I think at the midpoint, when you take into account the dispositions that we've either completed or have announced, you'll see that our margin assumption at the RTX level is about the same as where we were projecting before these tweaks for the Raytheon recalibration.
Neil Mitchill: That's correct. And as you think about from ‘23 to ‘24, inventory is going to essentially, our plan is to stay flat, that will be about 80% of what generates that year-over-year working capital benefit in ‘24. And then as you look to ‘25, you know, we'll see continued improvement in inventory, as well as the benefit of customer advances. So we've realized a lot of customer advances over the last couple of years. They will burn down. And then as we see these international orders come back in, you'll see that pick up in the year ‘25.
Greg Hayes: Okay, thanks, Neil. On slide 10, let me just wrap this up. I know we've covered a lot of ground today, but I know there's some key takeaways that everybody should focus on here. Obviously, 2023 was a challenging year. The earnings performance of our Raytheon business obviously was disappointing, as was the Pratt powder metal issue. But importantly, demand remains strong across both of our commercial and defense markets. 11% organic growth in 2023 is just the beginning. With the strength of our $196 billion backlog, we're confident that we'll continue to see strong organic sales and earnings growth, along with accelerated free cash flow generation over the coming years. I believe we have the best positioned A&D portfolio, industry-leading franchises, and robust demand for our products and technologies. This positions us well for the future. Secondly, we're intensely focused on execution to support our customers and to drive operational performance improvement. We're clearly going to face challenges this year with the continued ramp of the supply chain and the impact of higher costs. But everyone at RTX is working tirelessly to overcome these obstacles and ensure that we deliver on our commitments. Lastly, we're staying disciplined and managing the business to continue investing in differentiated technologies and innovation, strengthening our balance sheet all while continuing to return significant capital to our share owners. I want to close again by thanking all the RTX employees, who have been working diligently every single day over the last year to deliver on our mission to create a safer, more connected world. With that, let's go ahead and open it up for questions.
Greg Hayes: Let me start, Ron, and maybe Chris can add something. Let me give you a couple details first. On the aftermarket side at Collins, we expect that to be up high-single-digits to low-double-digits, I'd say 10% or more. On the OE side, mid to high-single-digits. And we're going to see, as everyone knows, about 40% incrementals there. And yes, wide body is going to be a big driver. So as we've seen a lot of narrow body, I'll call it catch up in growth over the last couple of years, we do expect that to shift to the widebody. Now keep in mind on the widebody OE side for Collins, the margins are a bit thinner there, but it does set us up for good longer term projections, especially as you get into ‘25 and ‘26 and beyond, as that comes off warranty and converts to aftermarket. Around the interior business, I think Steve Tim had said this back in June, that business is growing, but it's nowhere near levels of 2019. And so we don't see that coming back until about 2026. So the good news is, you know, there's a lot of runway there. And we are seeing a lot of activity there. So I think that will be a growth driver. But clearly, we're starting to see a bit more of a shift from narrow body into wide body as we go into the next couple of years.
Greg Hayes: You know, Ron, that's actually an ongoing process. We're in the process of working with a number of airlines as they are going through their retrofit. And keep in mind, that is a three- to five-year process to upgrade these things. So we are still finishing out things that we had signed up for back in 2018, 2019. But again, as Neil said, the business is coming back. But given the long cycle nature of these upgrades, you're not going to see a heck of a lot of that in ‘24, more than ‘25 and certainly more than ‘26.
Greg Hayes: Good morning, Seth. Let me start, I wouldn't characterize the defense business within Collins as a drag. I think the defense business in ‘23 was flat at the top line and it experienced a lot of the same issues we've been talking about on the Raytheon side in terms of the impacts of inflation, the delays in the supply chain. But as we look to ‘24, we're going to see, I'd say, healthy growth there, low to mid-single-digits as we catch up and the supply chain catches up and we burn down the overdue there. And I think we're really well positioned on a lot of strategic platforms. Remember, we moved businesses from the Raytheon segment into the Collins Mission Systems business to create more synergistic opportunity there. And I think that's really taking hold and there's a lot of good proposal activity there. So I think it's a great fit. It's in the right place in Collins. More broadly, I think just talking about the aftermarket potential at Collins, very strong, but we just put up some significant numbers there with aftermarket of 26% and provisioning up 42% on a full-year. So clearly there's been a surge in aftermarket over the last year, and so we're dealing with some very difficult compares. And on the OE side, we'll start to see that growth moderate, but again, still on the back of some really strong 17% growth in ‘23. So I think Collins is well positioned and I think the defense business is a good fit and it's in the right place there for it right now.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for calling in and listening today. As always, Jennifer and her investor relations team will be available all day to answer whatever further questions you might have. So with that, thank you and have a wonderful day. Take care.
Chris Calio: Yes, you bet Rob and good morning. So we did say here this morning that we do expect the peak to continue to be here in Q1 in terms of AOGs and then tread downward thereafter. Again, we think that peak is going to come down a bit since our initial assessment, because really two reasons. One, timing of the AED has shifted a bit to the right. And then two, customers took some proactive fleet planning and decided to, in some cases, accelerate some of their removals. They were doing their fleet planning for the year. They were pairing engines and doing all those things to make them more efficient. So again, peak here in Q1, trend downward after that and then it'll be more of a steady state as we talked about in our October and September guides on the matter. You mentioned a little bit on cash being pushed out. Again, that was the dynamic time as we're going through and having discussions with our customers on special support. We've made some progress on special support. I think we've talked about that upfront. We've signed several agreements with our customers, some important customers with large fleets. But the timing of that cash just simply moved out from the second-half of ‘23 into ‘24. Same total aggregate amount from 6 to 7, but the timing moved a little bit to the right for the reasons I talked about.
Chris Calio: And I'll talk to you now about the full life incorporations. As we said upfront, I think we had made this commitment early on in September, October timeframe, full life powder metal parts in OE, so at our customers final assembly lines, starting this year. So that's a good thing. Keep in mind the OE engines have the latest build standard and so when you add in the full life parts to those you get the maximum time on wing for the customers and also keep in mind that means that the full life parts will go into our spare engines, which are going out to lift the fleet again, maximizing the time on the wing. On the MRO side, what we said was we were going to start the incorporation in Q2 of this year. We actually started that a little bit earlier. We've found opportunities to put full life parts into MRO where we think it makes the most sense from a time on link perspective. As we said early on in the year, we're not going to get all of our shop visits with full life parts. We're going to ramp throughout the year where we don't incorporate the full life parts into MRO. We're going to continue to obviously inspect those parts with the angle scan inspection that we developed and they will be put back into service until the next inspection interval. And keep in mind, one of the things that we've been doing is just looking at the build standard and the interval for each of these engines that are coming in. There are opportunities to sort of match up just based on the condition of the engine and where it is and where it flies in terms of the environment. A part that's been inspected that's not at full life, match it up with an engine that's going to be coming in for another reason around that same time, so you're not actually driving you know an incremental visit. So again that's sort of the algorithm that we're kind of going through each and every day with the Pratt team to sort of maximize our allocation in the full life parts. But the MRO will be a ramp throughout the year. I think ultimately we'll get to roughly the same place that we had assumed we would had we started in Q2, but it'll be a ramp throughout the year. And all of that's been factored into our outlook.
Chris Calio: Yes, okay. Thanks Peter. So again as we talked about the productivity issues at Raytheon, about 70%, as we said upfront, were in the fixed price development programs. And I'll characterize some of these, Peter, as in some cases these are contracts that we took on that maybe weren't in our core capability suite, and we signed up for requirements and other specifications that were really, really difficult. And so it's taken us some time to continue to work through those. In some cases, what we're doing, Peter, is we're taking subject matter experts from across the company and just adding resources to these programs. It adds a little bit of expense, obviously, but I think in the long-term, it gets the capabilities of the customer faster and ultimately is better financially for us and for the customer. And then in some cases on these fixed price development programs, we're having discussions with customers about either restructuring specifications or altering the requirements in a way that still get capability that's needed and that's helpful. But you can get to them, frankly, in a shorter period of time and with a better financial profile. Those conversations continue to go. I'll tell you that we will, got a handful here that we're still going to be powering through in 2024 and see that horizon getting better in the next 12 to 18 months as we go through certain milestones, Peter and satisfy some contractual requirements. We then get into a different phase of the agreement and feel better about our ability to go and execute.
Chris Calio: Yes, thanks Doug. I mean, first of all, I'll tell you that we are engaging with our customers each and every day to try to figure out how best to support them, whether that's through induction, whether that's through special support, whether that's the spare engine allocation, whatever it may be. And you're right, Doug, there are some customers out there, 10 to 12, I think, as we've talked about before, they're going to be more impacted than others. There's some that are all Pratt fleets, whether it be GTF and V2500. So again, working very hard with them to come up with a compensation structure relative to the powdered metal AOG situation. That's fair, and that can give them a little bit of lift. Obviously, it won't make up for all of the disruption that they're having in their fleet and all of the things that they've got to do to accommodate for these removals. But again, doing the best we can to come up with a fair set of compensation structures to help out during these trying times. And then, of course, communicate with them consistently about what we're seeing in terms of the assumptions that we're talking about here. Full life incorporation, MRO, MRO output, all the things that are going to drive better fleet support for them. So obviously don't want to be in a position where we're putting our customers in harm's way and where they're going to be very upset with us and want to take action. But I'll tell you, we've got a track record of coming to agreement with our customers on some of the more difficult problems we've faced. I'm confident we're going to be able to do it again.
Chris Calio: Right now, Doug, the wing-to-wing turnaround time remains consistent with what we had talked about previously. I will tell you, and we kind of alluded to this earlier, we are continuing to aggressively pursue with our aftermarket partners. Again, we've got some Tier 1 aftermarket providers as part of the GTF aftermarket network trying to come up with, you know, what I would call light or medium type work scopes that can take the, you know, in shop time, down further. Again, trying to maximize the time on wing, just depends on the operator, depends on the condition of the engine, but we're aggressively pursuing a number of work scopes that can take the in-shop time down. In addition, I think you've heard us talk about this before, we've industrialized a significant number of repairs on the GTF, I want to say about 1,300 in 2023. We've got another significant step up here in 2024 [Technical Difficulty]
Chris Calio: Sure. So, you know, as we talked about, David, the powdered metal value stream, we're asking it, both our own shops and our supply chain, to step up significantly here so that we can incorporate into MRO, as we talked about earlier, and in OE. So much more than that value stream clearly had anticipated mid-year last year. Again, we feel like we've got pretty adequate forging capacity within our own four walls and with the supply chain. But again, we've got to continue to ramp up inspection capacity. We've got to ramp up machining capacity, all critical parts of that value stream. And I'll tell you, as you ramp up, and we saw this in 2019 as we were ramping and we're ramping up again here, as you take these parts to a volume that our supply chain wasn't necessarily anticipating and that we weren't necessarily anticipating, you've got to continue to double down on the fundamentals, the quality, the yield, the tooling, and the maintenance, all the things that are instrumental in enabling that volume jump. So, again, I would say we've made solid progress thus far in our, you know, generally tracking to where we thought we would be. But again, we've got to continue to step up throughout the year, especially as we want to increase the number of full life parts we put into MRO. To your question about Airbus, I think Neil said it before, up about 20% year-over-year here in ‘24. And again, we have discussions with Airbus all the time. They understand the fleet condition. They understand where we're ramping on powdered metal parts and the like. And so, we feel good about our ability to meet the commitment we made to them here in 2024.
Chris Calio: Yes, maybe the only thing I would add to that, Ron, is that Steve and team are very focused on the transformation within interiors. I think there's some opportunity to consolidate sites, to continue to remove ERP systems. As you know, there's been an integration that's been going on in that interiors business in particular. So I think a lot of good work on continuing to transform the cost footprint in the interiors business. So when that volume continues to come back, it'll be at the types of margins that you would expect.
Chris Calio: Again, I'll just add, much like the interiors, I think Steve and team have a plan to continue to drive structural cost reduction within Collins to help, you know, margin expansion. We've talked about, you know, moving engineering presence to best cost locations by 2025 by significant number, same with manufacturing hours. So a lot of Center of Excellence activity going on in Collins that will continue to help with their cost footprint and support the margin expansion.
