Tom Kennedy: Yes. Good to hear from you, Joe. And I will cover that. I think two elements, initially I will talk about missile defense in the Middle East. We still see strong demand signals from multiple countries. The major concern there is Iran. And so we are seeing continued demand. We saw, for example the LOA signing of the THAAD system for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that occurred last year. Raytheon has a major part of that procurement based on our TPY-2 radars. We are also continuing to see demand signal in the Asia-Pacific region, especially relative to Japan. I think a big note here on Japan is in 2018, the Abe cabinet did approve their five-year plan which was 10% increase over the prior tenure five-year plan. So in that plan there is a significant effort relative to missile defense. I did mention in my script that we are working with Japan in the development of the SM3 Block 2A and that is a key weapon system that's in their procurement horizon. So we feel very happy about the Asia-Pacific region. And then back home, late last year the missile defense actually came out earlier this year on the Missile Defense Review. And if you go through the Missile Defense Review, we are very encouraged here at Raytheon because many of our systems are called out. The Missile Defense Review will be increasing existing capabilities such as the ground-based interceptors, more of those which has our EKV, Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle, on top of that. They are also more working on area of homeland defense but in terms of improvements that the Missile Defense Review called out, significant support for our replacement kill vehicle. So additional funding for that. I also called out the use of the SPY-6, what we call the AMDR radar, for the Navy. And also the use of the SM3 Block 2A as an important element of the Missile Defense Review. And beyond that, we are left to launch, it did call out the use of advanced sensors on the F-35 and I mentioned in my script that last year one of major franchises that we won was the EODAS, Distributed Aperture System, that will go on the F-35 which provides significant sensor capability here. So we all around, I think the Missile Defense Review was great for us and then also the international demand signals all the away from the Asia-Pacific region, Middle East. And then I mentioned closing several deals in Europe here just last year and then also the significant opportunity here for some more deals here coming in 2019. So we are very optimistic, especially in the area of integrated air missile defense.
Tom Kennedy: Hi Rob. Some good questions there. Let me tackle the ones you gave me. Our business has the kind of two cycle periods, three years and five years. So for example, in our missile business if you are going to go buy some AMRAAM, it's about a three. We get a contract that spreads out over three years, ramping up the first year, doing at least over probably closer to 40% of the work the second year and then ramping down on the third year. And then you get into some of our five-year business which would be like a Patriot system. The Patriot contract to go deliver fire units probably works out to about a five-year program. There obviously is a ramp up and then the ramp down on delivery and then the three years are kind of constant between those ramps. And that's essentially our business. And then we model it that way. It's executed that way. We don't have a lot of above book and turn type business in one year, outside of IIS. The IIS business, those have contracts where they can book and complete in one year. But outside of that, the rest of the company is really based on this three-year and five-year cycle.
Tom Kennedy: And just one last element as far as your question is. So we do not see any evidence of the department parking money on contracts that won't be used. So we have not seen any evidence of that.
Tom Kennedy: So we are working with the U.S. Army to develop these advanced capabilities which one of those capabilities for Patriot is an advanced radar capability, 360-degree capability utilizing our advanced technologies. Later this year, there is going to be, what they call, a sense-off. Raytheon will be participating in that. We have made investments over the years to provide a capability that we think is capability that the U.S. Army needs and wants. We will get an opportunity to demonstrate that capability to the United States Army during the sense-off which is expected toward the end of the second quarter of this year. Again, we have been developing this technology over many years. It's a key technology to help us win the AMDR, the EASR and several other radar programs including the 3DELRR for the Air Force. So we feel very well-positioned to provide this new capability to the U.S. Army but also to all our international customers. As I mentioned during my script, we have now a cadre of 16 countries that are Patriot members that are either buying Patriot or have Patriot and in some cases have been spares, buying support and contributing to the overall continued evolution of the Patriot system. This will be in another element to bring into the 16 countries and to future countries that would like to enhance their Patriot systems and then also obviously to the U.S. Department of Defense and the Army in buying those systems. Bottom line is, we feel very well-positioned for the competition. We are taking it seriously. We love radars. It's a major capability of the company. And we have got the whole company focused on winning this.
Tom Kennedy: And let take your question relative to whether the Missile Defense Review will just wind up with study contracts? Are there real development type program effort that's going to occur? And then also will there be an increase on production contracts? And the answer is really the latter. There will be development programs that will be funded and there will be production elements. For example, break down in three major areas. The one is essentially to increase what they have today and that's an area of the ground-based interceptors. We provide to kill vehicle for those ground-based interceptors. So they will be production type contracts. They also want to improve what they have today. And on the improvement, we are already involved in that. It's called the replacement kill vehicle or RKV. So that will be an increase in the development program relative to the replacement kill vehicle which will eventually then go into production. And also bring in new more advanced radars like the AMDR SPY-6 on the naval ships and utilizing those. And then also our a SM3 Block 2A which is now ready for production and is going into production. So we will be buying more of those production assets there. And then in terms of some new technology, we are on board for the new technology. It actually calls out using the F-35 for boost-phase intercept capabilities and the new sensor that we won on that, the EODAS, Distributed Aperture System, will be a key element of that. That's a little bit of a development program but geared for production. We also talked about high-energy lasers. We are heavily involved in that. So we see more money going into development for the high-energy lasers. It also calls out some something called the space sensor layer. There will be initially studies to do architectures for that but that will eventually go into a major development program. And then there is a whole area, a big area, an area that we are heavily involved in is hypersonic defense. In fact, we believe the hypersonic defense market is larger than the hypersonic market which we also significantly participate in. And the reason for being larger, the hypersonic defense market also includes the sensors and the trackers to be able to track these the hypersonic threats but then also being able to go off and defeat them. So it's a very important market for Raytheon. We are heavily engaged in it. And we know that there is real money going into that.
Toby O'Brien: Yes. Jon, let me start maybe high level right at the company level around the guidance and then give you a little color on both of the businesses, missiles and IDS that you talked about. So we are very comfortable and we are pleased with the guidance that we put out there. At the topline, it's showing 6% to 8% growth. If you just take the midpoint, it would be the fifth year in a row of accelerating growth for the company. The other thing to keep in mind and I alluded to, but I quantified in my opening remarks and I will quantify it now, not new news but the headwinds that IIS, they are still growing and we expect them to still grow in 2019. But they do have about $0.5 billion headwind from the ramp down which we knew about of the Warfighter FOCUS program. Normalize for that, you would add about 200 basis points to the range and would be looking at 8% to 10% growth at the company level. We think the guidance we provided at this point, when you look up and down the metrics, is balanced. We are starting the year out. We always look whether it be this year or into the future for ways to improve and do better. And that hasn't changed. I would point out on the operating cash flow, we had exceptional year in 2018. As I mentioned, we beat our expectations by $600 million at the midpoint. And it wasn't just timing, right. We didn't drop 2019 by $600 million. We actually increased it by $100 million which was $300 million operationally offset by a $200 million in additional cash taxes, right. So over that period, very strong performance. So we are very comfortable with it. We are pleased with it. And as usual, we will always look to do better. Now for the two businesses that you referred to and in particular their margin. So from an IDS point of view, I think first and foremost, if I step back, I will look at the total year. They generated really strong margin, 16.6% for the total year. They were up 50 basis points over 2017 and we continue to see their margins in 2019 in that 16% range. Now in the fourth quarter, there were two things that went on at IDS, right. There were some higher levels of investments in the business from an R&D point of view. Think, next-generation advanced radar technology. And we did see on a couple of development programs some cost growth that net net resulted in a little bit lower net productivity compared to what we were expecting. But overall, we are pleased with where IDS' performance is. If I think about 2019 for IDS and again it's a little bit repetitive to what I said earlier, they are performing well. They have got some mature production programs that are ramping down that have already been through the risk retirement phase, if you well. And Tom alluded to in his comments the strong bookings for Patriot with three new countries, four new major Patriot awards for roughly $4 billion last year. Those are just in the early stages. Patriot's closer to a five-year program compared to maybe the company on average is three. So we have kind of got a mix almost within production programs, even within international production programs at IDS because it will be a couple of years before those programs ramp up and retire the risk. But I think we are very pleased with IDS' performance and the track that they are on. From a missiles point of view, I think that there is a couple of things to the point out there. Through last year, we have been talking about the increased level of development work, primarily classified development work, that we have been getting. Three of our businesses have significant new orders this year. Missiles kept exceeding our expectations, right, relative to the increase in classified work that they were getting. And even at a company level, if I take it back to the start of the year and our original revenue guidance and I think at the midpoint of that compared to where we ended up, we were about 170 basis points higher. That was effectively all classified work, right. And as we have talked about, it's a margin headwind in the near-term but over the long-term, it's positive because it does generate those new franchises and margin expansion opportunities when programs move into production. So I think specifically for missiles, we do expect them to improve their margins versus 2018 and 2019, as I said, to a range of 12.1% to 12.3%, They clearly have been hit with the higher level of development in classified programs. Their bookings in that area grew 50%, from $1 billion to $1.5 billion. That's probably rough numbers, close to about 30 basis points impact that they are dealing with. And we are continuing to focus on margin expansion there. They did in the quarter, in addition, have an impact in the quarter from a negative adjustment on an early stage production program that impacted their margin. But there, going forward we feel we have significantly reduced the risk profile on that program in the missiles business going forward.
Toby O'Brien: And I will just add on a little bit to what Tom said there and I will give you a comment on the balance sheet and the capital deployment. That's a general rule of thumb, not to get to down in the weeds on this. Obviously, it matters when programs start within a year, right. I mean a program on January 1 versus September 1, you are going to get a different answer in that curve over the three to five years gets pushed out accordingly. Just to reinforce, if you think about it, we grew 6.7% last year, 6% to 8% this year. Just real simplistically, right. And every year is a little different, right. But that's between the two years, 7%, 7% round numbers, it's starting to get close to the levels of the increase that we saw are in the 2018 and the 2019 spending. That gets then converted to sales over roughly three year, maybe a little bit longer on some of the IDS programs. On the balance sheet and our leverage here, we continue to believe our philosophy and approach of utilizing the balance capital deployment strategy. It makes sense. To reiterate, our first priority is investing in ourselves to support growth. The way to think of that this year, we expect our R&D investment expenditures to be about 3% of revenue, where they have been for the last couple of years, obviously a little bit higher in dollars given the higher revenue. We have talked about last year how we ramped up a bit on our CapEx expenditures really to support programs both through demonstration hardware, facilities and infrastructure capability. I think we said back in October, think that of that as around 4% of our revenue and we are in that ballpark there. But that is significant step up over the last couple of years as to where we have been before. But we are doing it because we do believe we align very well with our customers' needs, with our existing and future capabilities and it ties all back to the NDS. Beyond that, we are committed to returning, as a target, 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. I mentioned the philosophy around a competitive and sustainable dividend. The continuation of the buyback program, we do think there is incremental value in the share price. And we do also look to augment that growth with key acquisitions that help with technology and growth. But again those are more the smaller size type of deals. And lastly, we will consider pension contributions on a discretionary basis as we go through the year and look at what's happening in the market and our overall cash flow as well. I think the last point there, just as a reminder and I think everybody knows this, the balanced approach is the philosophy but we obviously have the ability to flex up and down across the elements of that balanced approach if we feel it's going to do more good and create more value to allocate capital a little bit differently than kind of how I just described.
Toby O'Brien: Sure. Cai, let me start with the question on R&D. So the answer is in part, right. And in particular, at IDS it was one of the reasons that I mentioned where their margins were impacted and it was in the fourth quarter and it was related to investments in next-generation radar and radar related technology. So certainly in part relative to the R&D it was. I think on the cash flow for 2020, the $4.6 billion, I think the way to think of that is growth in operating cash during that period will be driven by operations including some international collections. The cash taxes may be slightly lower in 2020, partially offset by some lower net pension. So really it's some puts and takes outside of operations. And I think given the significant size of some of our international programs, the payment terms where often times more often than not, we will get an advance, we will kind of work that off and then we will have milestones or deliveries where we collect the balance of the cash. That's what you are seeing play out in support of the 2020 cash outlook.
Toby O'Brien: Yes. Doug, hopefully, well, I can't hit all those points there. I will start off and then I will let Tom jump in. So your first question about the mix between production and development work. I will kind of put it in absolute terms but then also contrast it back a couple years. So for 2019, think of it rough numbers about 70% production and 30% development. But if you were to go back a couple of years, it would have been more in that 80%, 20% range, okay. So there has been a pretty significant shift at missiles specifically heavily weighted towards the development and it ties into the classified business we are seeing. And on top of that, you made the point but I will quantify it, our missiles business grew 8% in 2016, 10% in 2017, 7% last year and another in 7% to 10% for 2019. So you are seeing that higher mix towards development but on a much higher base as well. As far as the production goes, from time to time we will build to inventory when we think it makes economic sense, not just in missiles but in other of our businesses. But it's not something that we do as a general rule of thumb across all of our programs. And then lastly, from my perspective, on Saudi Arabia I think here is how you should think about it, right. So last call in October, we talked about just under around 5% of our revenue from Saudi. That's where 2018 ended up. It was 5%. 2019 is the same. It's about 5% of revenue. But when you peel that back in and you look at it in two buckets, the component that's related to offensive weapon sales versus defensive, it splits about 50-50. And to this point, relative to the defensive weapon sales, we see no indication, if anything just the opposite of continued support for defensive sales to Saudi Arabia. And I won't repeat it. Tom alluded to the THAAD LOA and the TPY-2 component of that for the Saudi that was signed at the end of last year and we expect to be under contract for this year. So we have only got 2.5% of the company revenue tied to that. We continue to monitor the situation and working with all parties involved and we are optimistic that over time we will get to a point here where things move forward. And again I the 2.5%, it's another feature shows you again the breadth of our portfolio at the company level, how balanced it is. No one country, no one program necessarily is 205, 30% contributor to the company's results.
Toby O'Brien: So beyond 2019 margins, obviously we are not going to give a specific number. But we are confident that we have the opportunities to continue to improve the margin beyond 2019. I think because of the mix of business, we would see incremental, I will thank of it that way, the opportunity for incremental improvements on a year-over-year basis, not necessarily step functions. And the reason I say that are kind of two or three fold, right. One, maybe not so much with the more recent classified work but some of the development programs that we had won a few years like AMDR, EASR at IDS, Next-Gen Jammer at SAS, et cetera. As those transitioned out of development into low rate, full rate production, all else equal, that provides margin opportunity as we move from cost type to fixed-price type of work. And we are also as a company, we are always looking for other areas to drive margin improvement and offset the headwinds from things like mix, right. So we have talked a lot about the automation investments we have made, working to lean out our factories, trying to enhance more the scope of work that's in our global business or shared services organization to get the benefits of scale there. We are always looking at our indirect cost, both at the corporate level and across the businesses to drive those down and so on and so forth. Supply chain is another big area. So I am confident that the opportunities are there and we will be able to incrementally improve on our segment margins going forward.
Toby O'Brien: Yes. So Rob, I will take you back to I guess at slide 12, right. And I know it doesn't go out to 2021, but our cash outlook, the three-year cash outlook here and we are one year into when we provided this three-year look going back to this time last year. We have already compared to what we had said originally pushed things up, however you want to look at it, at least $0.5 billion, if not more towards the high-end of that three-year window. And I think we have got opportunity to continue to have that happen going forward. So we are confident in our ability to continue to generate strong cash flow to offset headwinds including specifically the pension there. Obviously, a lot can happen between now and then, whether it be related to the pension, specifically around asset returns, discount rates, discretionary contributions, et cetera. And then operationally, as I mentioned I think it was Cai's question, these large international programs, right, they present great opportunity for us to drive cash flow and you got some puts and takes on those too, right, when you are working off advances. So things can get lumpy at a point in time and as we get closer to 2021, things will be clearer. But sitting here today, I would say we would have the ability to offset that pension headwind.
