Thomas A. Kennedy: Okay. Let me – okay. Actually both of those questions are very good news. The first question is on the SM-3 and SM-6. It ties into the readiness moving forward. I'm sure you've heard that one of the elements of Trump's defense policy is to make sure we have the appropriate readiness for our entire fighting forces, including the Navy, in this case, both the SM-3 and SM-6. So we're looking to see in terms of the overall readiness potentially some additional funds in the area of missiles to essentially replenish, but also to make sure they have enough of these systems to protect the fleet. On the other side of this, the other element you mentioned was the international. So, both the SM-3, for example, Block IIA has been co-developed with Japan. So, Japan will buy many of the SM-3 Block IIAs. On the SM-6, the U.S. government has authorized SM-6 to some of our coalition partners. And so we are working through that right now to determine how many they will buy over the next five years. Back over to your other question relative to THAAD, you're absolutely correct. We are a major player on THAAD. Our TPY-2 radars, for example, are a major element of that system. And there are multiple opportunities in the Middle East. For example, Qatar has said that they are interested in buying THAAD and also the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. And, right now, in our, I would say, conservative outlook, we have those occurring in 2018 and beyond. So, I think, that's exactly how we have it set today.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, for example, IDS, right now has a significant number of Patriot orders being accomplished in the factory. So we always talk about that – the lifecycle. When you get the orders in, you essentially reestablishing the factory line and moving forward, but right now, that factory line has been reestablished and has been very productive. And that's what you're seeing in terms of that flowing down to the improvement in the margins on that.
Thomas A. Kennedy: First of all, we are pleased with the performance of Forcepoint, I mean double-digit operating margins. Their growth was in line with our expectations. In fact, if you remove the web's filtering part of the business, which we're exiting, they achieved about 9% year-over-year growth. So, they're meeting our expectations. Because of some of the growth of that business, we are making some investments this year in terms of their infrastructure to be able to support an additional growth in the out-years. So bottom-line is that we're overall very happy with Forcepoint. We are seeing significant demand signal that's coming in that we've been preparing for, for the last two years. And that's in the area of insider threat, especially from the large and very large enterprises. And so we're very excited about that market, because we think we are the number one provider of solutions in the area of insider threat and data loss prevention. So, that's extremely good news for Forcepoint moving forward. Based on your other question relative to our partners, to-date our partners have not indicated any position relative to doing a put, for example, to exit the joint venture.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah, so real quick. I think a majority of our naval business – and I am going to just talk about the surface and undersea. Obviously, in the air part of the Navy, we have quite a bit of business relative to our solutions that we have on F-18s and other aircraft like the E-2D. But on the surface and undersea, on the surface side, it's the – our bigger contribution there is in the radars, in terms of AMDR, Air and Missile Defense, radar and the EASR. That's essentially going to be the two major radars for the entire surface fleet. Same on the missiles, the standard missile family, the SM-2s, SM-3s, SM-6s, the Tomahawks, the Rolling Airframe Missiles, the Enhanced Seasparrow Missiles, essentially all the protection for the ships and their entire capability. As you mentioned, there is a position on the Trump administration to increase the capability of the Navy. And there is the talks about increasing the number of ships from 275 to 355 ships. Obviously, if that happens, these systems I talked about are on those ships. We would see an uptick relative to requirements in demand signals for both the radars and the missiles if that went forward (31:48). In terms of total dollars...
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. So, right now – and you're absolutely correct. That was an uptick in SAS relative to the F-15s and putting the AESA radars on the F-15. So right now, that's what we're pursuing moving forward is both the F-15s and the F-18s in terms of the AESA radars both domestically and internationally. Some of the uptick on the F-15 is due to the proposed buy in Qatar for the F-15s. And so we are obviously supporting that. One of the things that I'd also like to bring up in terms of Qatar and the F-15 buy is this is the first buy for Qatar for, I would call it, a U.S. fighter aircraft. And so along with that comes the whole support for all of the missiles that the F-15 uses. So not only do we get an uptick on the radars, but we also get a significant uptick in establishing a weapons program for Qatar to support the F-15 system.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. Let me talk about that, because it's something that we discuss quite a bit in the company. And just like with our capital deployment, we take a balanced approach in terms of growth and profitability. The bottom line is we need both. We need both top-line growth and margin expansion. And so, we have the whole company focused on both of those elements. On the growth side, I think you've seen what we've done here over the last several years, especially relative to our international expansion. It turns out that international also is our – a lot of our higher margin business is international. So those two things, the growth in international business and the growth in margins goes hand-in-hand with that. We also look domestically. We look to participate in growth in these new programs, especially ones that are, I would call it, new franchises, programs that have long legs that we can infuse technology in over the years to keep that franchise moving, but also has legs into the international market. And so for programs that have both a long lifecycle and also international, we do support ensuring that we make the right investments to go in those programs moving forward.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. Let me talk about that. We are, in terms of demand signals, we're getting demand signals from three different areas on our Integrated Air and Missile Defense Solutions. First is Europe and you've heard about the demand from Poland. There is two other countries in Europe that are seriously considering a Patriot buy that we are working. Once we move into the MENA region, obviously, we're completing work with the Qatar on the Patriot, but also the early warning radar to Integrated Air and Missile Defense type systems. But also, in Qatar, we're also doing something called an ADOC, Air Defense Operating Center (sic) [Air and Missile Defense Operations Center] (38:21), which ties together all of the Integrated Air and Missile Defense capabilities of that nation. And it's also a new product line for us that we will be taking into the rest of the MENA region and also back into Europe. And as I – and the next region I'm going to talk about is the Asia-Pacific region. Now, obviously with the North Korean threat there's been a significant uptick in demand signal from multiple countries, obviously, South Korea, Japan and then to a certain degree Taiwan, Taiwan for a little bit of a different reason with another country. But, in any case, it's all about Integrated Air and Missile Defense. It's all about protecting the sovereignty of these nations and keeping their citizens safe. And the Integrated Air and Missile Defense Solutions that we have do that.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. Let me talk about the Poland Patriot first. So, right now, it's going on as Poland has submitted an LOR for something called LOA. It's essentially to get approval for to buy the Patriot system. That is going through a negotiation process with the U.S. government. But in case of the total impact to Raytheon, it's north of $4 billion. And then it also adds another member to the Patriot family. So it takes us to 14 countries that have Patriot, which is – actually is good for us in terms of expanding the Patriot market. The other element is you mentioned other countries. I'm not going to name any other countries, but there is two other countries that are working through a process to acquire a Patriot also. And we are obviously working with the U.S. government to ensure that we can expedite those as fast as possible.
Thomas A. Kennedy: I think the tempo in Syria is pretty up right now. And we are seeing significant demand signaled to provide solutions and keep up with the replenishment requirements. So I think that's about it.
Thomas A. Kennedy: On your second question, the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent, or as you said, the GBSD program, it will replace the Minuteman III missiles and the associated command and control systems and that goes all the way out to about 2028. And the program is structured right now so that there will be a risk reduction contract, two primes, and that's going to be expected sometime here in 2017, then followed by a final down select to a single prime in 2020. Right now, our strategy is we are engaging with multiple teams and seeing where our best solution is relative to being able to make one of these primes a winner. And so we're working through that process right now (49:30) to find who will be the person, or the company we'll be working with.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. Let me take that on, because some of your question was philosophy and some of your questions, I think, were percentages. So, first of all, we've been operating in the countries we're operating today in some cases for over 51 years and our overall type of contracts that we have break down into two parts. First of all, one is, some of them are foreign military sales and the other ones are direct commercial sales. And the foreign military sales – we treat that just like we treat all our domestic type contracts, because the terms and conditions essentially are the same as we deal with any domestic program. So, that takes us to the direct commercial sales. So on the direct commercial sales, we have a mix of essentially all the contracts. The majority of them are firm fixed price and majority of them are production type deliveries. So we are going back to the factory, the same factory line that we build our domestic products on and we're essentially just delivering product out of those production lines to these international customers. Some cases customers do have a request for some modification, something that's unique. For example, on the Patriot system, sometimes they want a different truck by a different manufacturer. And in that case there, we do the work that is – puts the gear on the different trucks. It's a usually fairly low risk. We've done it multiple times. And so, we have the playbook and we do very well on those programs. There are some other programs out there that we have which are, I would call, more on the development side. When we approach those, we do it from a risk position. We ensure we understand the risks. We try to quantify them and we work to essentially minimize any downside on those contracts. And they are – we monitor them on a very frequent basis.
Thomas A. Kennedy: No. I'll hit first and then Toby can come in with some more detail. So, first of all, the year-over-year growth was about 4%. But if you take away the web filtering which we are exiting, the year-over-year growth is 9%. And what we're doing now is we're trying to drive that growth into double-digit margins. One of the areas in terms of that was to support the infrastructure. So there is an investment this year on that infrastructure and also in some enhancements to a couple of products. The one product that we're getting significant demand signal from is our insider threat data loss prevention software capability. And so – and it's really relative to a draw from the VLEs and LEs. And that's kind of the overall picture how I look at Forcepoint. I believe they have significant upside potential. We're driving that potential and we're making the right investments this year to go get there.
Anthony F. O'Brien: And Tom or David, I'd just add the following from a big Patriot point of view with IDS. A lot of talk about their margins over the last couple years. I think as we closed out the back half of 2016, we saw the margins improving there as we had indicated they would. They are off to a solid start this year with regard to their Q1 margin. The rate they achieved in the quarter is just below the guidance for the year and they had strong sales. The margin – they did exceed in Q1, exceeded our expectations, primarily due to the earlier timing on some program improvements partly related to the mix. And when we look at the full year, at IDS, we expect to see margins improve a bit more because of the mix that you referred to and increased productivity. Recall as well that, in 2016, IDS did have the exit from the business venture. So when you look at IDS, excluding the impact, we would expect to see about 100 basis points of margin expansion that's reflected in our guidance for the year compared to last year normalized for the business exit. And we're pleased with the track that the business is on.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. And I think, Rob, just to kind of maybe complete and pile on a little bit what Tom said. From a margin perspective, the quarter was a little ahead of our expectations. It was at the high-end of our guidance for the year. One thing I would say the Q2 margin we do expect it to be down slightly from Q1, probably in the mid-single-digits, driven by a combination of some seasonality as well as, as I referred to in my opening comments, the timing of the investment that we see at the business there. So, I think that kind of sums up Forcepoint.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. So, I mean, it just effectively mapped, right, the relationship of their bookings in the quarter to the sales that they generated, nothing out of line there. At a total company level, as we indicated, the bookings in the quarter exceeded our expectations. But if you peel that back, Missiles' bookings were roughly that order of magnitude below their sales in the quarter. But for the total year, we expect them to be on track and have a slight increase on a year-over-year basis with their backlog. And just as a remainder, they've had some strong bookings over the last couple of years. Their book-to-bill, I think, last year was about 1.13, so nothing out of the norm there. Just the burn-off of revenue and lower than what they had been experienced – level of bookings, but nothing to be concerned about.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. So, let me hit that a couple ways. I think given everything that you just laid out, what I think is important we're going forward with the early retirement of debt under our balanced capital deployment. And that still assumes, which has been our stated objective now for a couple of years of returning about 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. And I think in my opening comments I reaffirmed that. We did buy back the $400 million of stock in the first quarter. We're on track to reduce the shares outstanding by about 2% at the midpoint of our range. And as Tom mentioned in his comments, for the 13th year in a row, we raised our dividend this year by 8.9%. As it relates to the retirement of debt, the debt that we're retiring is out there at about 6.5%. We're going to finance that, if you will, with a combination of cash on hand and commercial paper and rates on CP around 1%. And we're doing this because this approach allows us to do a couple things, lower interest expense, clearly maintain our financial flexibility, especially ahead of potential tax reform and what that could mean for us. I think, overall, more importantly, it doesn't change our philosophy around our balanced capital deployment, including the 80% of free cash going back to shareholders. And it also does not reflect the change in the view of how we view our balance sheet, which, as I mentioned earlier, remains very strong and gives us flexibility.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. I can give you that, George. Funded backlog at the end of Q1 was $24.6 billion. That's about 68% of our total backlog. And that's in the range that we typically see it out. It typically runs 60% to 70% of total. The reason we didn't put it in, as I mentioned earlier, we did adopt a new revenue recognition standard in Q1. And we've adjusted our reporting, including around backlog, to align with the new standard. But we're still tracking it and we'll provide it, if folks are interested.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. Yeah. Let me kind of hit that from two or three different angles here to make sure I give it the right context. So, obviously with the guidance we'd given in January of zero to $100 million, we were expecting our overall operating cash flow to be relatively low – lower than last year. And that was all driven by the cadence around the working capital. For one thing, recall, we really exceeded our cash flow expectations for 2016 by about $300 million, which otherwise, from a timing point of view, all tied to collections, would have been beneficial to Q1. And we'll always take the cash earlier, right? So we saw what was lining up here for the quarter. It really is all due to the timing of collections that are tied to the timing of pre-determined or negotiated contract milestones with each of our particular contracts. And also, we're continuing to grow and we're ramping up to support some of that growth. If you want to think of it from a total year point of view, I'd expect that to continue to build over the next couple quarters into Q2 and Q3 and then we would come back down in the fourth quarter. And, again, to try to help you size that a little bit, we will come back down, it will below the levels we're at for – somewhere between the levels we're at at Q1 and where we were at the end of 2016. And, again, really tied primarily to the timing of payments related to executing contract milestones. From a – translate that to cash flow, I'll just throw in there, for Q2, we expect cash flow – strong cash flow, operating cash flow above $700 million. And as we said earlier, we feel confident in the total year outlook of the $2.8 billion to $3.1 billion.
Anthony F. O'Brien: No. We've seen pretty consistent terms here for the last year or two and from a terms' point of view not seen anything different.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. Rob, obviously, I'll take the first one. As I just said, we're confident in our outlook for the cash flow for the year. We do expect to see about $700 million in Q2 with the rest of the year playing out or following a cadence that is roughly in line with prior years but with the majority of the cash flow weighted in the second half and even then more into Q4 driven by the program milestones and deliveries that I just referred to.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. So again the profile – as I just described a little bit a while ago, not anything really new than what we were counting on. By year-end, as I said, the absolute balances from where they are here in Q1, they will be lower, okay. But part of it is – a little bit of it is the growth aspect of it and the growth profile. And we're going to continue to work to drive down working capital. There is always kind of the things that fall December versus January. So there are some opportunities that we're working on that we're looking at that could potentially get accelerated into 2017 and provide a better outlook, similar to what happened at the end of 2016.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. I think when you go – if you go back to the outlook for January – and I know we gave a range right for just using cash as a surrogate for the working capital to $2.8 billion to $3.1 billion. What we were saying is that when you normalize for the discretionary contribution that we made last year, free cash last year would have been – I'm sorry, operating cash last year would have been $3.4 billion. The decrease this year was driven by the net pension effect of higher required contributions. And we said that we thought working capital could be flattish to maybe nominally favorable. And we still could end up in that range there, but because of the growth that is maybe a little bit more pressure. But you're thinking of it relatively correctly.
