Greg Hayes: Thanks, Kelsey, and good morning, everyone. I’m on slide two of the webcast here. Let me just begin by providing an update on some of the current priorities and highlights of Q2. As everyone knows, these last several months have been incredibly challenging. However, we remain focused on supporting our key stakeholders and that starts with ensuring the health and safety of all of our employees. That is our number one priority. We also remain committed to delivering for our customers across commercial aerospace and defense. On the defense side, that means providing our customers with mission critical products and services in the U.S. and internationally. On the commercial aero side, that means supporting customers during this very difficult time to make sure that planes fly safely, especially as airlines begin to ramp up capacity again. We also continue to engage with our suppliers ensuring that they have the support needed to maintain stability while also working with them to make their processes more efficient. Just a word on the merger, now we’re just about 100 days into this and I would tell you that we remain focused on the integration across the organization and on delivering our cost and revenue synergies.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Toby. We’re on slide 10 now and maybe just a couple of points. I think, obviously, a lot going on in the quarter, a lot of uncertainty out there. I think, just to be clear on a couple of things. While there’s a lot of uncertainty, we’re going to remain focused on supporting our employees, our customers and our suppliers. This includes ensuring the health and safety of our workforce, first and foremost. But also delivering advanced technologies and innovative products for our customers and working with our suppliers to maintain the stability of the supply chain. I guess, it’s important to remember, in the quarter, we still invested $500 million in A&D on a commercial aero side. This isn’t  important as we think about the long-term. We’re not going to sacrifice long-term for short-term. We’re going to take some tough cost actions. We’re going to do what we need to do but we’re going to continue to invest for the future. And of course, we’re going to continue to execute on the integration of the merger and the Rockwell acquisition, as Toby said, and we’ve got a clear path to meet or exceed those expected synergies. Also, I think, it is important to remember, we’re going to remain disciplined with our capital, ensuring that we maintain financial flexibility, while prioritizing capital areas that will maximize value for our customers and shareowners. Despite all the uncertainty out there, we still remain committed to return $18 billion to $20 billion of cash to our shareholders in the first four years after this merger. As I said, we’re also taking a hard look at the businesses given the environment and the prolonged recovery, and we’re going to take additional actions as we think is -- are appropriate. We will be nimble. We’re going to remain focused on what we can control and we’re going to adapt to the current environment and position our commercial aero businesses for growth, while also maintaining solid growth on the defense portfolio. Overall, the opportunities and furloughs remain significant and I’m confident we’re going to emerge from this crisis in a position of strength and deliver sustainable long-term value for our customers, for employees, our shareholders. So, with that, Ursula, let’s open it up to questions. Thanks everyone.
Greg Hayes: Hi, Sheila. It’s Greg. Just to highlight just a couple of things. Again, we’ve got $1 billion of cash actions in the first quarter. And that was without or second quarter rather -- that’s without really impacting our inventories. Yet, we’re really just starting to see the benefits of inventory reduction in the supply chain. If you think about the -- by the fourth quarter, we would expect probably a $0.5 billion of tailwind from reduced material inputs. You’re also going to see a ramp up in savings from headcount actions. Again, about half of this cost savings in the first quarter -- second quarter were headcount related, that number is going to almost double by the end of the year. So, again, we’re taking the actions and we’re really confident we’re going to see these improvements throughout the rest of the year.
Greg Hayes: I think, Rob, what you need to think about is, what is the actual number of aircraft flying today. We think it’s the total flights are down about 50% and so well air passenger traffic is down 80%, which is better than the 95% it was. There’s still planes out there flying around and around, again down 50%. That’s really what we’re basing the outlook on. Obviously, as we think about the pieces of the aftermarket, some pieces are more impacted. If I think about spare parts for instance at Collins Aerospace, which is a key driver of profitability, that was down almost 75% in the quarter. Repair was down like 55%. The forecast, Toby, was talking about for the back half of the year, assumes a modest recovery, picking up in Q4 and I think that’s the key as we think about the back half of the year is, will we see that modest recovery, and again, the recovery is going to take several years. But right now it’s hard to imagine, probably, getting anything worse than what we saw in Q2, assuming, again, this -- we still see about 50% of the current aircraft flying out there.
Greg Hayes: Yeah. So, look, I think, as we think about the cost reduction that we saw on the quarter. You got about $200 million of A&D actions. You took about $100 million of discretion spending and the other $300 million was really employee related. Some of that employee related costs will come back. Those are furloughs -- for those of -- us at the corporate office there’s a 10% furlough or 10% salary reduction with deferred merit. Some of those costs will come back. I think it’s important to note, the commercial aerospace reduced to about 8,000 positions. Some of those will come back with volume. Some of them will be permanently reduced. And one of the things that I’m really focused on right now as we think about a recovery that may well take into 2023 is we need to take a look at some of the more structural costs that we have in our aerospace organization. That is cost in some high cost manufacturing locations. What can we get after to restructure those businesses later this year? So we’ll come back. The guys are looking at it and it’s going to be some tough things to do, but I think this is the opportunity to alter the overhead structure of the commercial arrow businesses. Again, I think, this is -- it’s unfortunate, but it’s absolutely necessary given the market.
Greg Hayes: Yeah. Carter, look, we’re working with each one of our customers to make sure they’ve got the financial flexibility to stay in business for the long-term. So we’re -- I won’t give you any specifics on any individual customer, but I would just say, we’re trying to be as flexible as we can with payment terms and with cash flow. Obviously, part of the charges we took this quarter were a recognition that some of the receivables out there, probably, are not collectible, because of where the industry is today. I think what’s important though is, as we think about Pratt’s customer base. Of all the GTF powered A-320s out there, 65% of those are flying today, 75% of the A-220s are flying, that is the OC series. Well, only about 45% of the V’s are flying. So if you think about most of the power by the hour contracts like 80% of the GTF powered aircraft are under a long-term maintenance agreement of power by the hour. Those contracts remain in place and people are flying the airplane. So it’s not all doom and gloom out there. I would tell you, there’s some green shoots we’re seeing and we’re going to continue to work with our customers to make sure that they remain viable.
Greg Hayes: David, just one other point to keep in mind, so if you think about the Collins numbers. There’s $100 million of cost or charges in the quarter associated with idle facilities. That is the plants that we have that aren’t operating at full capacity. So, again, those decremental margins are all in. So, I think, again, they’re taking cost out, but we got to get after the overheads still.
Greg Hayes: That was really led, of course, PWC2000 was way down like 80%, the V was down like 60%, so -- and GTF was actually not down. But then if you look at Pratt Canada, again, their business was down 40%, but if you think about their aftermarket that was down 40%, most of that, and of course, the high profit spares area about 55%
Greg Hayes: Yeah. Look, Jon, I would just say that, we know defense spending is not going to be going up in the in the near-term, given the deficits that are out there. And I think, as Toby said, we’re uniquely positioned because of the backlog at $73 billion. But also, I think, importantly, in those areas where we have real strength, which is in the classified, in the cyber and in the space businesses, again, lots of opportunity there. Again, we don’t expect we’re going to see much growth in the defense budget at all, but we still think defense is a strong national defense is a bipartisan issue. So no matter who’s in the White House, no matter who’s in leading Congress. We still expect the need for a strong national defense will remain. So I’m not forecasting -- we’re not forecasting any gloom and doom scenarios here for defense in the next few years.
Greg Hayes: Well, I would tell you, I don’t think anything has changed materially in the last three months. Obviously, as Boeing has firmed up its 737 Max production schedule. That’s obviously had an impact especially in the near-term on the Collins outlook for OEM deliveries. I would tell you that, Pratt is fully aligned with Airbus deliveries this year and next year. We’ve been out. We’ve talked to every single one of our customers who’s going to be taking GTF powered aircraft and I think we are fully aligned there. I mean, that’s about a, as we would say, roughly a 40% reduction in GTF volume in the A-320s in the next year and a half here. So, again, I don’t think there’s been any change beyond -- really beyond the 737 Max.
Greg Hayes: Well, it’s really, it’s two things, it’s -- first of all, it’s just a refinement of the schedule in terms of, we expect some time here in the probably end of the third quarter, early fourth quarter that the -- that we get their ticket back. Obviously, we’re working with Boeing to make sure that that happens. But also it’s -- the ramp that we’re going to see in the production is slower, I think, that anybody had anticipated. On top of that is, as Boeing has gone through and looked at the inventory levels that they have for all of our equipment. That’s what really caused us to take a pause and say, you know what, we probably aren’t going to be shipping much 737 hardware until the back half of 2021. So, again, that’s really been the refinement, if you will, it’s the inventory on hand, as well as a little bit slower ramp.
Greg Hayes: Yeah. That’s really a modest change, I think, again. It’s just a refinement of the schedule based upon the timing…
Greg Hayes: … of return to service. And keep in mind, that every aircraft that gets delivered today, somebody is also retiring an aircraft. So we’re trying…
Greg Hayes: I was just going to say, I think, what you -- the thing to keep in mind, we’ve tried to take a conservative view of the customer’s ability to pay. And so, again, this is a -- it’s an unusual thing to do in terms of taking the charges or this bigger charge at this time is very unusual. But, again, it’s a -- obviously an unusual time in the industry. So I wouldn’t expect that there would be more big charges. But you can never, if somebody big goes bankrupt, you just don’t feel -- we can’t forecast, right? So we’ve tried to be conservative but not draconian here.
Greg Hayes: If you’d asked me that question early in June, I would say, things are getting better. I would tell you, advance bookings are not looking up right now, given what’s going on with the infection rate in this country and around the world. So, if anything, as we looked at this at the end of the second quarter, we did that with keeping in mind that this is going to be a tough year for the commercial aerospace customers. And again, most of the airlines, their financial health is going to be stretched as these passenger volumes remain low. So, again, I don’t have a crystal ball to tell you whether or not there’s more out there. I just think we’ve tried to do our best job we can in terms of the environment as we see it today.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thanks everyone for listening in today. As always, Neil and Kelsey and the Investor Relations team will be around all day to answer whatever questions you might have. Thank you for listening and stay safe. Take care. Bye-bye.
Toby O’Brien: Okay. Thanks, Greg. I’m on slide three. As Greg mentioned, no surprise, Q2 was a challenging quarter. Before going through the second quarter results, it’s worth noting that since the merger completed on April 3rd, our second quarter results include legacy Raytheon company from that point forward. Adjusted sales were $14.3 billion and better than our expectations due to better volume at Collins, Pratt and RMD. Adjusted EPS was $0.40, also better than our expectations driven by accelerated progress on our cost mitigation actions in the quarter favorable volume primarily at Collins and RMD, and the adjustment for certain charges driven by the impact of COVID-19 on the industry and economy. On a GAAP basis EPS from continuing operations was a loss of $2.56 per share, down year-over-year, which included $2.96 of net non-recurring and/or significant items, and acquisition accounting adjustments. Of which $2.34 was related to charges due to the current economic environment, primarily driven by the COVID-19 pandemic, with the largest piece being $2.13 related to an impairment of Collins Aerospace goodwill and intangibles, and the remainder attributable to customer bankruptcies and collection risk, and contract charges from anticipated lower future flight utilization. The other $0.62 consists principally of $0.28 of acquisition accounting adjustments, primarily related to intangible amortization, $0.21 of restructuring and $0.04 of merger and integration related expenses. Free cash flow was better than expected at an outflow of $248 million, including $165 million of merger cost and restructuring. The better than expected cash flow was driven primarily by the timing of advances and collections, as well as accelerated progress on our announced cash mitigation actions including inventory reduction at Collins. Moving on to slide four. While the second quarter was as challenging as expected, we continue to see a number of trends that confirm the resiliency of our balanced portfolio. Our defense backlog was up versus the first quarter and grew to a new record of $73.1 billion. RIS had a book-to-bill ratio in the quarter of 1.17 and RMD of 1.22, giving us a consolidated RIS and RMD book-to-bill ratio of 1.2. Collins Military and Pratt Military also had strong sales growth in the quarter, growing 10% and 11%, respectively. Positive news that our franchises are healthy and will support solid growth in our defense portfolio for the next few years.
Toby O’Brien: Yeah. So, I’ll take the last part of that first, Sheila, that, the $2 billion of cost actions, $4 billion of cash preservation conservation actions are assumed and they were assumed back in Q1 and the $2 billion for the year. The good news is, we’re seeing accelerated execution on those and realization. Obviously, that helps to derisk the back half of the year. In the quarter, obviously, the drop through of 30% versus we’d expected about 10%, that 20% incremental improvement helps cash flow at both Pratt and Collins. So that was a good guy in the quarter compared to our expectations. And I believe that both Pratt and Collins are also doing a really good job of managing their inventory. I think Collins held it flat through the first part of the quarter and actually saw a little bit of a reduction as we move through to the end of June, which contributed to some of the favorability of the Q2 cash flow there. So things are on or ahead of schedule, but again, really timing related relative to the work, the Pratt and the Collins teams have done to accelerate those actions. And the other thing I’d throw in there, we saw real strong collections from a cash flow point of view on some large international collections at RMD, not the commercial aero side of the house but RMD that favorably impacted Q2 and those were expected in the back half of the year as well.
Toby O’Brien: Yeah. And I think, I’d add too, right, your question about the Max and ADSB, right? There are about a point each of headwind going forward, pretty consistent with our prior expectations. And just piling on a little bit what Greg said about the decrementals, not inconsistent with what we had outline back at Q1. We said north of 50%, as Greg said, about 55% in the quarter, that’s for overall, right, when you take into account, aftermarket would be greater effects of the absorption. We do expect that will improve a little bit as we move through the year and especially as the cost reduction actions take further hold. And maybe just to complete the equation, Pratt saw about 40% decrementals. Again, pretty much as we expected, not as severe, because of course, they don’t have margin on the large engine shipments from an OE point of view. So, again, even there with Pratt nothing unexpected compared to what we outlined back on the May call.
Toby O’Brien: Yeah. I mean, I think, the way to think of it, Ron, in the quarter here, right, both Collins and Pratt consume cash, right? The two combined north of $2 billion, right? So, the favorable performance, again, that, those results were favorably impacted by the cost of actions or they would have been worse and then we saw real strong collections on the defense side, as I mentioned, with the pulling of some large international payments on the RMD side. And I didn’t mention it earlier, but RIS saw some good quarter end collection pull as well. So that that’s kind of big picture the two sides of the house and how the cash flow played out in the quarter.
Toby O’Brien: Yeah. So -- yeah. Yeah. So we’d expect, obviously, the defense businesses, the legacy RIS and RMD to continue to generate positive cash flow both in Q3 and Q4, more bias it -- towards Q4, consistent with the traditional cadence that the legacy Raytheon had seen. I’d expect Collins to be able to generate, albeit maybe a little bit, but positive cash in Q3, Pratt will still be a little bit negative and then both Collins and Pratt positive cash flow in Q4 and when you bring that all up to the company level, for the balance of the year consistent with the pro forma $2 billion outlook, Q3 neutral-ish plus or minus, maybe a little bit positive here. Remember, we have some below the line items, some of these non-reoccurring items, we’ve got $500 million plus or minus of tax payments on the divestitures that, Greg alluded to in his opening comments, and alike. So, Q3 breakeven maybe a little positive and then the balance of the cash $1.8-ish positive in Q4.
Toby O’Brien: Yeah. So let me start with the working capital. Some encouraging signs, I will start initially, some encouraging signs from an inventory point of view in Q2 with both Pratt and Collins, as I alluded to, a little bit earlier. From an overall working capital point of view, we also are pleased with the collections we saw. It -- working capital did grow in the quarter really because of disbursements that outweighed the benefits that we saw from the collections and the management of the inventory. We would expect based upon the actions, right, as a subset of the $4 billion cost-related -- cost and cash conservation actions, a meaningful benefit in the back half of the year from working capital initiatives primarily around inventory $500 million, $600 million, $700 million even $800 plus, obviously, driven by Pratt and Collins. So things are on track for that. Moving forward into next year, we’re not going to quantify anything today, but we still expect to make further improvement from a working capital point of view. In 2021, as we size it right to reflect the demand that we see, and obviously, there’s variability in there, as we talked about on -- in the opening comments around the shape of the recovery and the cadence of it.
Toby O’Brien: Yeah. Sure. So, on the first part about the visibility in the future growth, I’d say, things haven’t changed, right? We talked about a record -- another record backlog, the legacy defense businesses, strong book-to-bill in the quarter, the $1.2 that we mentioned. They’ve strung together three really strong quarters going back to Q4 about 1.55 book-to-bill, 1.46 in Q1, and Pratt and Collins, as we talked about are growing nicely this year. So we remain very confident based upon the strength of the backlog, recalling that backlog, a little bit of a shift to longer duration, longer term programs with the multiyear awards for SM-3 IB and also SM-6 that help provide more visibility into the future. Combine that with the pipeline, our programs are well funded, the alignment to the national defense strategy, our continued strong position with classified bookings, we talked about $1.4 billion RIS in the quarter. We’re on track for the year with north of 20% classified, which provide the development and the funding of future technologies that lead to new franchises. International remains strong, still about 30% of the business. Greg mentioned the $2.3 billion award for KSA TPY-2 and we’re performing well on our LTAMs program, which before we’ll be moving into the initial production in 2022. So, we continue to be very optimistic about the ability to continue to grow the defense business for the next several years.
Toby O’Brien: And I would just add, when we look at OE volumes all together taking Boeing, Airbus, the Pratt Canada customers, it coincidentally is in about that 40% ballpark relative to a year-over-year decline that, Greg referenced relative to Pratt, obviously, there’s some puts and takes in there. And as Greg explained, with the Boeing situation, because of the inventory on hand, our future revenue may look a little bit different than their deliveries, but it’s for that factor there.
Toby O’Brien: Yeah. No. Good question. So, you’re right, we did back out charges in those categories or cost in those categories, it’s about $0.21. They do relate to the economic impact of COVID and the effects on Pratt and Collins. I will tell you, a small portion of these were in our original estimates, okay? But as the quarter evolved, new information came to light, as we talked about, around the timing of recovery, pushing out to ‘23, more airline bankruptcies. And so, the reserve amounts and the EACs had a threshold where it was significant enough to be adjusted out of our earnings, given the magnitude and the unique nature of things. I would look at this as being rare and not indicative, right, of our underlying business performance. Because when you look at that you’re talking $400 million in the aggregate, roughly $200 in each of the two segments. And then on top of that, you mentioned the bankruptcies, right, and I am probably off, but it was at least five in the quarter, right? So in normal periods of time, we’re not looking at five bankruptcies in a quarter, right, if you go back to pre-COVID. We have made these estimates with the best information available, taking all the facts into consideration around bankruptcies, collectability, the effect of the lower flight hours that it has on our EACs, so we’re confident in the values that we recorded here in the quarter and then subsequently adjusted out.
Toby O’Brien: So, I think, we’re -- I won’t say that we are totally flattened it out, but again, consistent with accelerating the underlying actions to support the $4 billion of cash conservation, we have started to flatten that out. Here in Q2, we do expect, again, primarily in the back half of the year, maybe even a little Q4 biased a reduction in our working capital, right, as these initiatives continue to take hold. Pratt and Collins are doing a good job, balancing and managing their supply chain and inputs in a very balanced way taking into account that we need to maintain the health of the supply base. So we would expect as a subset of the $4 billion of cash conservation to see a benefit from inventory and working -- as a subset of working capital and overall working capital reduction by the end of the year. That said, at the company level, obviously, part of that’s from RMD and RIS defense side of it, and we’d still think that there’s an opportunity in 2021 to further reduce working capital and adjust more with the demand signals tied to the shape and the cadence of the recovery.
