Tom Kennedy: Yes, it was a great win for the company and also for the future of the company moving through the years forward. This is the new radar. We'll replace all the radars for the Patriot system. It provides 360 degree capability. And so we're seeing threats that evolve that is in our requirement, I believe, by many countries, including the United States now. So this significantly changes the capability of the Patriot system, significantly enhancing it. The radar does use our GaN technology and advanced GaN capability. It has a lot of great new capabilities beyond the radar operation, especially in the area of the ability to maintain this system. It's a lot easier to maintain than the prior system. And we were getting significant requests already from the international marketplace. So obviously we'll have to get released from the U.S. government. But the demand signal has been building up here for probably the last five years or more. And I think this gives us a great capability to meet that demand moving forward. One point I would like to make is very similar to the THAAD program where have the TPY-2 radar. In addition to selling the TPY-2 as part of the THAAD system, we also sell the TPY-2 as a forward deployed radar. And we really believe based on the customer feedback that this LTAMDS radar will also meet that market and being able to provide forward deployed radars that are not necessarily part of the Patriot system itself. In other words, a standalone radar offering for a -- and demanding 360 degree market that's out there today.
Tom Kennedy: Toby may be excited about it. But I can tell you I'm very, very excited about it. I mean, this radar has capability that has not been seen on a battlefield in any place in the world, and I think it's just going to change the entire dynamics relative to integrated air and missile defense for the U.S. forces and also its coalition partners. And then let me switch over into missiles. You're right. We're not happy about where the margins are right now with missiles. You can imagine that both Toby and I are taking a lot of interest in this area. We have made some major changes in the leadership out at Missiles. And we're already starting to see improvements in certain areas. And the fundamentals do remain strong. They have a strong business. We have two multi-years that were finalized the negotiations with, one is on the Standard Missile-6 and the other one is on the SM-3 Block 1B. And in addition to that we're negotiating kind of almost like a three lot but its three years of production on the SM-3 Block 2A. And in addition to that, we're in final negotiations on the SM-2. Like the whole Standard Missile family is being bought left and right. And so a lot of opportunity in the future in production. The missile company has had some productivity issues on some programs, which we believe we're on a road to clean up. But they also have got a quite a bit of classified business on board, which is a lot of development business, which has inherently lower margins. So by getting these multi-years in and these other production programs in, we'll increase the base, the production base with the higher margin content, which we believe will help us moving forward. In addition, we are significantly concentrated on the productivity improvements across all their programs, even their development programs. And so we're taking the best practices from across the company and applying them. One of my passions is program management excellence and we're all over that, and making sure that we're not missing anything in any of the areas. We have done quite a bit of work in leaning out our manufacturing facilities and upgrading them, and bringing in robotics and automation across the board to drive productivity improvements. We have done and completed all deep dives on any of these problem programs and we have them on the road back to recovery, which means on the road back to higher margins. So we do believe there is a solid path forward to getting back to the 13%-plus margins that this business traditionally has had. But we're going to drive beyond that and we're not going to be happy with what they achieved best in the past. We're going to continue to drive margins as high as possible. And I believe, looking at their business base in the out years and their mix starting to change relative to the heavy amount of production coming on board that we will attain that greater than 13% margins for that business.
Tom Kennedy: On Forcepoint, as Toby mentioned in his opening remarks, Vista Equity Partners, did exercise their put option to require Raytheon to purchase their interest in Forcepoint. And so we soon will own 100% of Forcepoint. And our plans have not changed. From the day one, we still plan to expect to monetize Forcepoint to create value for our shareholders and then we saw some -- there's a lot of optionality relative to how we do monetize that. But it all remains in play in terms of monetizing the asset.
Tom Kennedy: For the third quarter, 21% of the total sales was classify and also 21% of the bookings was classified. And so it is a major part of the company. And just one note here is the classified work is -- we use the term here, it's the seed corn for our future. In other words, it's the funding that helps us develop that technology we have and take it forward. And then in the area of the counter-hypersonics, it's an area that we have actually been getting contracts and a lot of it's been in the classified area for the last five years. So it is a big part of our business, and it's not just on the missile stuff. As I mentioned before, the hypersonics includes the complete fire control chain, including the sensors that are required to be able to detect the hypersonic missiles, the command and control that takes that information, determines what weapon to release to impact that hypersonic missile it's going after against. And so it's distributed across the entire Raytheon company right now and across every one of our businesses has some type of counter hypersonic work that is going on. So it is a big part of our efforts here at Raytheon and growing, and thus also the whole hypersonic area by itself is growing for us.
Tom Kennedy: And I think one of the other differences with this program, and I'll attribute it to the structure of the contract is we're going to be able to move much faster and in terms of getting a system through development and into production than we could on traditional contracts. And I think that's going to help us vis-à-vis our whole game here is to get through the development program, get it into production, into the hands of our customers which then creates additional demand, both domestically and internationally. So I think all over. I think we're in a very good track with the LTAMDS and having the right IP to be able to retain our position for the next several decades.
Tom Kennedy: Well, it turns out, it relates to both SAS and IIS. IIS on the ground segment and SAS on the sensor side and also on part of that architecture, and we've been playing heavily into it. I think the area that has us very, very interested in because it's kind of new is the whole area of contested space and how that plays into this overall new space architecture. And as you can imagine, it's a new area. There's a lot of classified work. And if you look at SAS is probably the most classified business that we have and then you have IIS with I think the second the business with a lot of classified work in that area.
Toby O'Brien: And Sheila, this is Toby. I'll just add a couple of things. I mean this, I think Tom this in his opening remarks. But this extends your question about how this plays with Patriot today. So this is an extension that's going to carry Patriot on for decades as a franchise for Raytheon and Raytheon Technologies. Tom mentioned the $20 billion opportunity. I think that's probably a little conservative. We're going to continue to execute all our existing Patriot backlog. And then as Tom mentioned, we see demand already from foreign sales. There's going to be about 250 radars that will be subject to this upgrade. Bahrain, that Tom mentioned in his opening remarks, that's the 17th nation that will have Patriot. And this is really the premier franchise for the company, and it's going to be here well past our time for sure.
Toby O'Brien: David, I'm not going to get into specific cash flow numbers for 2020, and I'll tell you why. So we provided some insights into the underlying business focused on, we look at strong book to bill next year, another record backlog in the sales growth. We didn't get into specifics around income or margin, or cash flow for that matter, really because with the pending merger, there's going to be a lot of things that are going to impact it compared to business as usual. That said, what I can tell you -- and I'll go a little bit broader than cash flow. From a underlying operational point of view, nothing has changed as it relates to how we're thinking about margins, our operating profit, our underlying ability to generate cash flow in 2020 and beyond. We still see opportunities there to grow our operating profit, expand margins, deliver strong free cash flow. And I think in a relative to the $4.6 billion from confirmation or affirmation, it's still a number. We're not backing off of that. But we'll give more precise numbers obviously post merger closing.
Toby O'Brien: Sure. Let me start with the second part of the question first. So you know the contract vehicle here, it is a OTA or an -- and other transaction authority, which doesn't work the same as a traditional contract in many ways. So essentially the way to think of it, we're performing R&D, research and development and customer will be reimbursing us for a portion of that effort. And there will also be some related capital to support it as well. As far as the projections in the S-4, if you think about this initial effort, this $384 million under the OTA that goes out into 2022 and all of our projections are factored. So the majority of this, the comment Tom made and I reinforced around the $20 billion, the majority of that would be on beyond the five year window that you saw in the S-4.
Toby O'Brien: So Rob, I'll hit the LTAMDS question first. So it's kind of hard to put a number on number of radars a year. We still need to get approval for any international sale through the U.S. government once we get through the OTA and these initial production representative units. But again, I'd just remind everyone there's 250 units that are out there that would be eligible to upgrade. And given the capabilities that these systems have, we would expect that if not all, the majority of those would be ultimately upgraded. And it may not be coming across -- I did say it's our premier franchise. We're really excited about this and the benefits that it brings to the company. And I'll let Tom start on the Missiles question and then I'll...
Toby O'Brien: So Rob, let me just add a little bit specific here to Q4 part of your question. So I think you're right in sizing Q4, the high 12% into the 13% range. So given that, maybe a little bit of color on Q3 to try to help bridge to Q4. So as Tom said, below our expectations for the quarter, but we also acknowledge and recognize we're not going to turn things around overnight or within a quarter. That said, I think it's important to note that within Q3, we did have about a 50 basis point impact to the margins from some investments in the quarter to position the Company on a couple of competitive awards, which were not previously contemplated in the guidance. So things came up in the quarter in a favorable way that led us to make these investments, number one, and again, about 50 basis points worth. If you back that out and you look at Q3, we probably would have been in the high 10% range. And then the way I think about it, given that we're not going to solve things in a quarter. If I look at Q2, which admittedly was strong for the business compared to how they started the year, and you kind of take the average of Q2 and Q3, excluding the investments I referred to, they performed in the 11% range, give or take. So bridging 11% to Q4, it's really about half and half between mix improvement and net productivity improvement. The mix improvement in part we expect to be driven by a couple awards, one international one domestic where we would see some inventory liquidation, and those are production type awards that would naturally carry higher margins with it, and then again as I said, the other half coming from improved productivity. We do expect beyond the fourth quarter, Missiles margins to improve year over year into 2020. I won't repeat everything that Tom said. But we do believe there is a path over the next call it 12 months, 18 months to get this business performing back where we know it can.
Toby O'Brien: So look, I'm not going to get into program details or specificity around that. But what I can tell you, just as a reminder, the S-4 information that was used to evaluate the merger, right, that's relatively dated. We've provided top line updates to how we're thinking of 2020. And again, that 6% to 8% is off of a higher outlook for 2019 than we were previously expecting. We do intend, and we will continue on focusing on expanding both the absolute profit contribution the business has as well as working to expand margins. We went back and looked in the last couple, three years going back to '16 we've done a pretty good job at increasing that segment profit contribution to the Company. It's a 20%-plus increase, about 6.5% compound growth over the last three years. So I think we have the formula there. I did mention that IDS and SAS are growing more relatively speaking than the other businesses next year, even though we expect growth across all of them and they are the highest margin businesses we have in the portfolio right now. So I think that bodes well for 2020 and beyond. Operator: Your next response is from George Shapiro.
Toby O'Brien: Sure, George. Let me start with the Warfighter. So for 2019 total year, we do expect Warfighter to be down about 40% year-over-year, which is about $400 million. A bit of a disproportionate amount of that coming in the fourth quarter I think in the $125 million to $150 million range, so maybe a third of that decrease. I think the IIS team has done a good job maximizing through the transition period the continuation of that effort. And sitting here today looking at Warfighter and the related scope -- follow-on scope for next year, probably going to be down another third. So in absolute terms, I think maybe $400 million contribution to revenue next year, down $200 million or a third from the levels in '19. But again, as we've said, as expected, right, we knew what the transition looked like and how it was going to play out and things are continuing on that way. IIS keeps performing well even unrelated to Warfighter, right. They're executing across the portfolio in a strong way. They've had a couple one-time type of events, but even without that their margin performance for the year is better than last year. So I'll kind of leave it with that and let Tom jump in on Forcepoint.
Toby O'Brien: And I think, Cai, I think you asked about total year for classified too. And think of it very similar to Q3 right around call it 20% plus or minus a point one way or the other for both the bookings and sales, and based upon the outlook for the year we'll have a record year for classified sales this year as well.
Toby O'Brien: So I'll give you my answer and then Tom can jump in, right. So as part of the OTA, there is an arrangement around IP rights, for lack of a better way to say it. I feel very good about the deal that we ultimately struck here. I think it gives the government what they want and it gives us what we want. And I would say it this way, based upon what I know today, I feel really confident in our ability to achieve that $20 billion plus of opportunity to install LTAMDS as upgrades on the 250 fire units worldwide.
Toby O'Brien: Let me take that. There is a whole range of new advanced systems that we're pursuing, a lot of them under the umbrella of classified. So it's very hard for us to kind of go in and describe them, but I'll give you two very large ones. One is the Precision Strike Missile, the PrSM missile that replaces the existing ATACMS system that's out there today. That is a program that we're heavily engaged in. The Army has already down-selected to two contractors: one is Raytheon and the other one, Lockheed. So we're competing against the Lockheed on this. And we believe we have a very solid offering that meets the Army's requirements. With the INF treaty going away, the Army is very, very interested in this program, and is actually expanding the range of the missile beyond the, I would call it, the initial solicitations range. Good news is we have a solution set that allows us to achieve that expansion. So we feel we're very good position on that. And then the other one is the Long-Range Standoff missile for the Nuclear Triad which we have been heavily engaged and again another area where the government has down-selected to two contractors: one is Raytheon and one is a Lockheed. And we've already received like $900 million for our effort just to be in the competition and we've developed some great technologies. It's very highly classified program. So I can't really talk a lot about it, but it is very large dollar value moving forward. And so we're actively engaged in both of those programs on the missile side. At IDS, the business that won the LTAMDS program, they have several radar programs that they're pursuing. And actually they just won a major one. We didn't really talk about it in our notes, but they won this called Solid State Module - Replacement win. Its value is up to about $2.3 billion, but it's to go back and replace and update all the way what's called the early-warning radars like PAVE PAWS and whatnot with new technology, GaN based radar technology. And so we won that program and we'll be working with the Air Force to incrementally upgrade each one of their early warning radars over the next five to eight years. That's about a $2.3 billion win there. So there's just a ton of these new development programs out there. Our biggest job here is -- Toby and myself is to really look at that. And we have a very good process that we look at in terms of determining what we're going to go do relative to what we're going to go bid on because there's a tremendous amount of opportunities on it. We're looking at is the opportunity of strategic fit, do we have the core competencies to execute to that opportunity. And we talked a lot about margins. We also look if we're going to get acceptable type margins out of the program. It's just a one-off program where it's all development and we essentially lead with one article and it has low margins. Several of those we haven't bid in the last couple years. And we've just let our competitors go off and develop systems that give low margins. And then the other one is do we have the right technical and cost discriminators, do we have the differentiators to go win. So we have a very well-defined process. All I can say is there's a lot of opportunities that were running through the process. And we're having to make some pretty hard decisions here about what to pursue and not to pursue. It's a great time for the Company. We made the right bets back in 2004 relative to where we made some technology investments over the years and those technology investments have given us the differentiators and discriminates to better these next-generation capabilities that the Air Force, the Army, and the Navy need, and we're in a very great position to go after a lot of these opportunities.
Toby O'Brien: And just to kind of put a wrapper around it for SAS. As we mentioned earlier, it's effectively neck and neck with IDS as our highest growing business this year. It's got the second highest margins. We're real pleased with what they've been doing, not only in space but in ISR as well. So they're having a real good year and positioned well to continue that into 2020.
