Thomas A. Kennedy: That's a great question. It's going to take a little while to answer all of it. But let me start off on 2018. I mean it's all a good new story here. In 2018, we do expect a solid bookings year. We do believe it will be a book-to-bill above 1, looking into the overall year. Right now, we are seeing roughly 40 opportunities, 40 opportunities that are greater than $100 million. About one-third of our total bookings are expected to come from our international customers and I'm going to tie that back into your question about contract vehicles later as it is important. For IDS, we see around two-thirds of their bookings being international, that's made up of Patriot-related bookings in Europe and the Middle East, plus other Integrated Air and Missile Defense opportunities. The balance of the international is comprised of other spares, upgrades, sustainment and training contracts. And we also expect IDS to have solid domestic bookings on various naval systems, missile defense and Patriot programs. IDS has a good mix on classified, Intel, cyber training, missions support. The domestic bookings for IAS will make up about 85% of their bookings; at least that's our plan to date. And Missiles, we see a solid mix of both international and domestic awards and that's going to be throughout the year and it's across their entire portfolio. Every one of their franchises has significant demand signals in 2018. On the domestic side, we see over about $1.5 billion on SM-3, AMRAAM and also the SM-6. In addition, there is significant opportunities for AIM-9X, Tomahawk and Phalanx. Now about one third of their bookings will be coming from international customers, including $1 billion on Paveway in addition to other opportunities for AMRAAM, Stinger, TOW and Phalanx. And then for SAS, we see about $3 billion related to electronic warfare and ISR, along with opportunities in classified space and tactical airborne systems and their total international should be about one-fifth of their business. Now I'm going to answer your question relative to contract vehicles. So on our domestic work, a majority of the contract vehicles are either cost plus, either fixed fee or incentive fee and that's usually associated with development programs. Transitioning into production, the LRIPs, we see a majority of those contracts going into fixed-price incentive-fee and then into full rate production, either fixed price incentive fee or firm-fixed-price. On the international side, we have our set of FMS contracts and about half of our international business is on the, I would call it, the FMS-type contract vehicles. And those FMS contract vehicles, they range very similar to domestic. There are some cost-plus contracts. There are fixed price incentive fee contracts and also firm-fixed-price. And I would say it's a mix of those three types of contract vehicles. But we also have half of our international business is direct commercial sale. So it's a true commercial contract and that's where we do see our highest margins in the business.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah, Doug. Let me take that since I just came back from my wild – total world tour here. Let me start off in Europe. We're seeing, especially relative to Eastern Europe, significant concerns relative to their sovereignty and the security of their citizens. A large portion of their needs is, I would say, is in the Integrated Air and Missile Defense area and relative to Raytheon, a big strong demand for Patriot. We're also seeing in Europe and we just had a major test with NATO, I mentioned that in my remarks, a strong demand for our Standard Missile vehicles and also the ESSM missile. Again these are systems that shoot down other missiles and other unmanned systems and even aircraft if they do try to invade a country. So that's in Europe. Right now, we see several countries, two big countries out there that we mentioned; one is Romania and the other one is Poland that are pushing forward working through the FMS process with the U.S. government to procure the system. I can tell you they're putting pressure on us to deliver as fast as we can possibly deliver. And so we're really working that in our factory to accelerate delivery of the systems for Romania and also Poland. Switching over to the MENA region, Middle East North Africa, again a significant demand for a lot of our products, our Paveways, our TOW systems, on the Integrated Air and Missile Defense, it's Patriot, and big demand for additional fire units from countries and upgrades of their existing systems and then also our GEM-T missiles. It turns out that since about 2015, there has been over 220 tactical ballistic missiles fired in the region. The ones that were headed towards areas where there are civilians was over 150 and those 150 were all shot down by Patriot systems. So the system is working very well in that region, which is causing additional demand. But the threat's also increasing, which is even driving the demand signal even higher in that region. So the question is not about buying, the question that we get is how fast you can deliver. So that's a different story and so maybe that's answering your question on why it's taking long. And then I just also came back from the Asia-Pacific region. I'm sure you've read about the landslide victory that Abe had recently. And again, he went, he called that election, that snap election because he was looking for support in making a modification to their constitution to allow them to take their defense group from a homeland, purely homeland defense and a passive defense into an active defense type of forces. And in that case, they're looking for additional capabilities, obviously Patriot standard missiles. We do co-produce the Standard Missile-3 Block IIA with Japan. They're also looking for Standard Missile-6. And also, they want our Air and Missile Defense Radar, the SPY-6 as part of an Aegis Ashore type system there. And other countries in the Asia-Pacific region are also looking for our capabilities. So that's the international market and again, half of that's direct commercial sale and the other half is FMS.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah, and let me just jump on that. So if you, relative to the modernization budget, if you add in both the base budget and OCO, the President's request was about $35.5 billion over the BCA limits. And then if you go into the HASC, the SASC and HAC-D, they're all actually pretty close to what they're shooting for. They're anywhere for $24 billion to $25 billion over the President's request. As Toby said, we're really looking more at the President's request in terms of our outlook for 2018. I can tell you that I have spent quite a bit of time on the Hill talking, on a bipartisan basis talking to two members. And there is a strong support for defense moving forward because, I'm hopeful you recognize, the world's become a much more dangerous place here in the last several years. And there are some capabilities that the U.S. needs to bring onboard here pretty quick in terms of advanced technologies. And so there's a strong support in Congress for an increased budget over and above the BCA limits.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, I would say the following: I'd say, this is the second round for Turkey, you remember, they initially selected a Chinese system a while back. So we'll see how that plays out. Turkey is not in our forecast for 2018 or 2019 or 2020. So we really – haven't really pursued Turkey relative to this offering and they knew (41:40) they've been – they have – I don't believe they've really settled down in terms of what they really want. But you're right. Right now, they are saying they're going to go forward with an S-400 sale with Russia, that has significant issues relative to NATO. They will not be able to interconnect that system in with any NATO system. There was an article out today of NATO very, very concerned about the sale itself. When we compete internationally, we do compete against countries and – because most of the companies we compete against are owned by other countries. So there is always a geopolitical aspect of some of these, I would call it, competitions. I think right now, we think we're in a very good position. We have really some firm orders that are lining up for 2018 and a significant amount of opportunities. And I've been in each of the major regions, Europe, MENA region and Asia-Pacific and I've looked the leaders of those countries we do business with in the eye and have had firm handshakes and contracts following. So I feel very positive about our outlook for 2018 and beyond relative to our international business.
Thomas A. Kennedy: And let me, back to your readiness, you're absolutely correct. At AUSA, there was a definite, I would say, position by the Army that we need to kick in on readiness. The good news is Raytheon is very well-positioned to support the Army in achieving the readiness across our entire set of our franchises, for example, TOW, Paveway, just to name a few, obviously the Patriot system, getting that ready. And then even in these future systems that you did mention, we are in a competition for the next-generation replacement to the ATACMS system, which is called the Long-Range Precision Fire missile. We have, I think, a very interesting solution for the Army there that actually doubles their capability and significantly increasing the range at the same time. So we are working hand in glove with the Army and to bring that system online now. It is a competition and it will be a down-select here in the next couple years. But we feel very, very optimistic about the solution that we're offering for the Army on that. And just one other element, we have been seeing an intake relative to efforts on being able to support this readiness. And across many of our systems, we have tripled the production capacity. So we've been able to meet the demand with our supply base. We believe there's additional capability to increase and that goes all the way through our supply base and have been working with our suppliers to ensure that they can even increase their material to us over and above what they're already doing. So we feel in a very good position here relative to meeting demands for the Army relative to readiness.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. So Peter, it's a great question. So, we'd actually have in another country implemented something very similar to the DOMino. And so, we're already off on the international side relative to cyber and doing those type of capabilities in terms of providing cybersecurity to governments. DOMino obviously gives us additional creds or credentials that will help us gain, I would say, more cybersecurity work worldwide. And so, we're already off leveraging that moving forward.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, I think we're seeing is that the commercial marketplace is driving to higher accuracy and much, much better data and they also want to be able to collect more data. And we're set up to do that, we've been doing that for decades for our government customers. One of the elements was getting our price point to a position where we could be competitive against commercial suppliers who, in this case, don't really have the same capabilities that we have. And so we're hitting the price point, but providing them a significantly enhanced performance and capability, which then they can then sell and package and add value relative to their customers.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. Hi Cai, it's Toby. I'll start and then Tom can jump in here if he wants to add some color to it. I'll maybe start with 2018 and work my way back here a little bit. But for 2018, we're early in our process. But I'll tell you for Forcepoint, we are looking at about a 10% plus or minus top-line growth and double-digit margins. Okay. So that's kind of how we're thinking of things going forward. In the quarter, the sales at Forcepoint were up about 2%. If you adjust for their legacy filtering business that we've talked about in the past has been dwindling, it was about a 5% increase in the quarter. We're seeing good growth around network security and also for data and in cyber threat security. We've also seen a little bit of a challenge from timing, both in the Global Governments business here in the third quarter, and as we've talked about, as we've tried to move further up the food chain on the commercial side, selling into large and very large enterprises, that sales cycle time has become a little bit longer and a little bit harder to predict. And that's what you're seeing here, both in Q3 and the outlook for the year. I will say that in the third quarter, the margin was within our expectations. The team did a good job driving the margin in the quarter. And as I said in my opening remarks, a year-over-year decrease was expected because, taking it back to the beginning of the year, we talked about a $25 million investment in the business, a lot of that focused in the areas of sales and marketing. And therefore, what you see in the fourth quarter is the continuation of that investment, okay, which is, you're right, is driving the margins down on a sequential basis. But again, that all said, we feel everything that we've done this year between the investments, a couple bolt-on acquisitions, is positioning the business for that 10% plus or minus top-line growth, and double-digit margin in 2018.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, Rich, it's Toby and Tom can jump in here. But as far as the initial outlook for 2018, think of it more towards the President's request and keep in mind to the degree that we may have any upside from that, given that it would be the instant year, it's more likely to be a favorable impact on the bookings where we said we'd have a book-to-bill ratio of greater of 1. The sales profit impact from that would really, if we do see something higher than the President's request, would really materialize more in 2019 and beyond.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. Sure, George. No problem. And yes, we had about $165 million of adjustments. One thing on that I'll just remind everybody that the majority of those adjustments are when we have under-runs on cost-type programs and we do continually work with our customers to convert those under-runs into new work, new scope, i.e., new bookings, either on current programs or future bookings. And again, we increased our bookings outlook for the year by $500 million, so we're pleased with where we're positioned right now. You got the numbers right on the Q4 revenue growth, I think from an overall company point of view and also for Missile Systems. And at Missiles for the year, we have improved our guidance range on the low-end and see Missiles total year sales growing by about 10%. As you noted, Q4 is strong with high double-digit growth expected. We're well positioned across the entire Missiles portfolio with the strong backlog and we do expect to see that additional sales volume really coming from the startup of some recent awards as well as some Q4 awards, some of which will relieve inventory balances and this kind of gets back to Tom's point about where our customers, from a demand perspective, want our products and they want them sooner or they want them quicker. So, where it makes sense, we've been working with our customers to try to do that and part of the growth in the fourth quarter at Missiles, as I said, is the – is reflective of that, with inventory being converted to revenue to drive that growth.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. So Forcepoint does have a couple elements of seasonality. So in Q3, typically it's the peak quarter from a government booking perspective and we saw that again here this year and in Q4, it's really the peak for commercial. So we did see the spike-up in revenue in Q3 driven by our government orders, but also some strength on the commercial side. We do expect strong commercial bookings in Q4, which typically convert to sales at a bit slower pace than the rest of the business, think more leaning towards some subscription-based sales versus licenses in the fourth quarter.
Anthony F. O'Brien: So, Sam, this is Toby. I'll take a crack at that starting out. I mean we've said it before, Tom or I might have mentioned it earlier on, in any given period, bookings can be lumpy. We are expecting, as an example, you mentioned IDS, right, and they had a strong Q1 for bookings. There was nothing significant in Q3, but we do expect their book-to-bill, as an example, in the fourth quarter to be well over 1 and approaching 1 for the year. They have some significant opportunities in front of them. Tom alluded to a few of them when he was kind of going around the world talking about the threat and the demand environment. And then when you take it down to a total company perspective, 1.11 in the quarter, last year was 1.16, 1.08 book-to-bill on a rolling four-quarters basis and our outlook for the year at 1.07, there's nothing there other than positive news relative to be able to sustain, certainly, for 2018 that 3% to 5% growth that I talked about earlier.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Sure. And maybe – I know your question's largely focused around the margins, but maybe I'll kind of give you a little bit more color across all the metrics here. Keeping in mind that our intent today is give everybody a high-level look at how we're thinking about 2018. And as we continue to work through our process through the balance of the year, we'll obviously give you details, more details by business in January. But if I start at the front end of the business, as I said, another book-to-bill ratio over 1, again even on the higher expected sales that as I mentioned, 3% to 5% growth. I would tell you that the growth next year is a little bit more weighted towards Missiles, but we do see growth in every segment and we also continue to see both domestic and international growth again next year. Specifically, on your question around margins, again, up slightly from 2017 for segment margins. And just to give a little bit of color, at this point, we do see some incremental improvement next year at IDS, to your question, they're executing well. We expect to get a little bit more of a lift in 2018 from IDS and also some improvement at IIS. Right now, we'd look at Missiles to be in line with 2017 and we do have some mix-driven headwind, if you will, at SAS. As I talked about earlier, strong cash flow in line with 2017. We're looking at higher cash flow being generated by the businesses, partially offsetting as we expected and have talked about before, higher pension contributions and higher cash taxes, mentioned the tax rate at 31%. And of course, we gave you the grid. I gave you the outlook or at least not the outlook, but the current status as of today for discount rate as well as the asset returns which – I know doesn't pinpoint it exactly, but think of it a little bit ahead of where the new outlook for 2017 is, plus or minus in the $400 million range for the FAS/CAS and I talked about Forcepoint. So hopefully, that helps you a little bit understand how we're thinking about things and again we'll go through more details by business in January.
