Tom Kennedy: Let me start-off with the franchises. I think what’s unique about missiles is the fact that they have a strong -- first of all, a very strong stable of existing franchises that have gone to a syndicated refresh here over the last five years. In other words, new technology being inserted into them, essentially give them legs for another two decades. And the other one is that the success we've had in extending those franchises in international marketplace. And what's special now is that we have an opportunity for some, brining some new franchises on-board. We just brought one on-board NSM. I mentioned, how just within a matter of six months, we've extended that franchise into two other mission areas, so essentially doing three mission areas right off the bat. The other items are the ones where we're in a competition for one is the PrSM, which is a precision strike missile for the United States Army. And that program there it's just had very successful test that had CDR I mentioned and it just had a very successful motor test. So we're very keen that that we're in a very good position to potentially win that new franchise. And that will replace all of the Army's that comes out in the field today and give us the Army number one in a great significant capability, but also a brand new franchise for Raytheon. And we're also working on the next generation nuclear weapon for the LRSO program that is in competition that has down select out in the 2022 period. And that’s also the next generation weapon for the United States Air Force, and with about over a thousand weapons that will be procured over a period of time. So I feel very strongly about, number one, we call it the competitiveness of our existing franchises and our ability to extend them over a couple decades and then also provide them international legs and the new opportunities we have at missile. So bottom line is missiles has a lot of upside in terms of growth and we're supporting that. In fact the action plan that we're taking at missiles, this is the -- for us, so we have a new leader that has come on board that’s Wes Kramer. Wes was President of IDS, did a great job for us at IDS. He has also been at missiles support. He ran their largest business area, which was a standard missile business. So he knows the business. He knows the levers to pull to drive I think both continued growth and also margin expansion there. And we know we've been putting in some of the very detailed action plans to go drive margin expansion in the business. We're very certain for the margin range we have for this year's set, but we're also very positive on growing margins incrementally in '20 and then '21, and that sets our main focus at missiles.
Tom Kennedy: Well, first of all, we are having an explosion in technology. I mean essentially people talk about the fact that there's an exponential change in technology that is occurring now with things like machine learning, nanotechnology, quantum computing coming onboard out of the manufacturing. And we're heavily involved in all of those areas. I think our customer realizes that they need to take advantage of those new technologies to be able to generate the next generation of capability to put the United States in a premier position from a defense perspective. And so we're seeing a lot of activity in R&D on the government side to bring those new technologies to fruition. And what we're doing at Raytheon, our strategy is to take those technologies and again upgrade our existing franchises, whether they be radars or missiles, ground stations, ground systems and then also generate the next generation ones. And so we're playing both extending our existing franchises and then also working to take these new technologies to win new franchises. So we're -- the fact that we're all over that and the prime example, and you brought it up is the U.S. Army's Lower Tier Air Missile Defense Sensor, we call it LTAM. We are in a competition on that and we'll be proceeding here in May to something called the U.S. Army sense-off. What we're doing there is we're taking brand new technology and then start to coming up with the new 360 degree active electronically scanned array radar using our high-end GaN technology that we produced here at the Raytheon company. We expect the sense of this taking place in May and June of this year. And at some point, we believe the Army will complete their analysis. There is an RFP that's out there. So sometime late '19 early 2020, we expect to down select there.
Tom Kennedy: Let me start off and then Toby will follow. The first thing is in terms of the leadership change the prior leader, prior president, Taylor did informed the company that he was plans to retire. So that president change was based on that retirement request. And so we were able to at the time bring on a very strong player that's Wes Kremer, and I'd say he's a strong player, because right now he is running the IDS business and he's doing quite well. And it's a similar type of business to missile. They do have in strong franchises there, lot of production, and also a lot of growth opportunity at IDS. And so we're taking that to the missile company, applying some of the techniques that Wes put in place and we have in place and we have in place at IDS at the missile company. But I think in the end game, first, it was originally as a initially relative to mix. We were winning and have one quite a few contracts in missiles and in development area and essentially it’s the R&D area for the government, which put pressure on us from a mix perspective. The other issue we were seeing is that we do have quite a bit of production programs going on here. And we weren't seeing as much pick-up on the production programs that we have seen in the past. And this started about probably about three quarters ago. And so we are putting much emphasis on essentially on the leaning out the factory, really working on our supply-chain and really driving productivity across all the production programs. The mix is a mix. But what we can do is we can drive essentially significant improvement in the factories and in our supply chain to drive margin expansion on that part. And I'll let Toby to answer some of this too.
Tom Kennedy: So Rob, I think the way to think of it, and I'll maybe start with this year and move forward for you here. So first of all, again, as Tom said, we believe we sized it. We've adjusted their range downwards, it's 11.7% at the midpoint, which is in line with where they ended last year. And we think we've seen -- see that appropriately. We would expect the cadence of margin to improve quarter-to-quarter throughout this year with a little bit of a bias towards the second half. And then when you think about 2020 and beyond, if I were to take it back to the 2016 timeframe, 2017 even 2015. Missiles was generating margins in the 13% range before we started to see this higher influx of the development in the classified work, and I believe that's still attainable, albeit out in time, because it's going to take time, both for these development programs to transition into production and to implement some of the actions that we talked about and refocus on the program execution. So we're not going to peg a number, but we would say improvements, incremental improvements in 2020 and beyond, driven by both the combination as that mix shifts a little bit more favorably, the production, the two big multiyear awards get into a strong production cadence out in the future and we execute better. It's going to be a combination of all that. But clearly, the business has demonstrated in the past, especially when the mix is different how they can perform.
Tom Kennedy: I'll address the couple of IIS things, and then I'll tell you how we're thinking about the year from a company level. So the Warfighter sales came down in the quarter like we expected, but year-over-year we're looking at about $0.5 billion reduction. Most of that's in the back half of the year. So there is there is an imbalance first half, second half relative to how Warfighter is going to impact the revenue cadence at IIS. I would tell you even with that decline the rest of the IIS business is strong. You saw some of that in the first quarter in the cyber and space areas. And ex-Warfighter IIS is growing around 10% for the year. The consolidation of the entity that you referred that you asked about did have about $38 million impact in the quarter on revenue. So that's IIS. At a total company level, as we said, we're pleased with the first quarter results. They did exceed our expectations at the company level. Some of the higher sales volume we saw was timing related, driven by timing. And it clearly gives us confidence in our outlook of our 6% to 8% growth for the year. We mentioned the favorable performance at IIS and SAS, and we improved their total-year guidance. But those improvements were offset by the decrease in the missiles margin for the quarter that we flowed through to the year. So in total, as we said, the range stayed the same for segment margins, 12.1 to 12.3. Bringing it down to EPS, we were $0.35 higher than the high-end of our guidance range as you mentioned. Roughly half of that driven by the timing of sales and margins within the year, the other half driven by the timing of some corporate and non-operational items within the year that would now be expected to have a impact, a negative impact in the back half. So the change in margin guidance at the two businesses that improved IIS and SAS that flowed through and offset missiles. It's early in the year. We continue to be focused on growing the top line and improving margins. And then I'd just add for completeness. I think I mentioned in my opening remarks. We were pleased with the cash performance for the quarter, about $140 million better than the high-end of our guidance. It was timing related. It's early. The $3.9 billion to $4.1 billion that we have out there for the year would be on top of the, or is on top of the record performance we saw last year. Bottom line, we will keep an eye on all this, but we're confident in the outlook for the year. 
Tom Kennedy: Let me start off with what we are doing right now. So on the offensive, and I think I mentioned on our prior call that the defensive hypersonics is actually a bigger market than the offensive. But on the offensive, we are heavily involved in multiple programs. One of them is the air breathing hypersonics weapons program, and that's with the DARPA program. And then we are working on that program. We are also on a hypersonic boost glide weapons program, one of them is the tactical boost glide program that I mentioned on my -- during my discussion upfront. So that's essentially the two big programs that we are engaged in from a hypersonic perspective on the offensive side. We are also working several other arrangements in hypersonic area that I can't really get into on the phone here. But we feel we're in a very strong position relative to where we want to be on offensive hypersonics. On defensive side, we are heavily involved in that several activities involved in that, but it also moves on beyond just the missile part also moves into the sensor part, both on land and in space. So the overall area of hypersonics is a big opportunity for Raytheon where we believe we're engaged in the right elements of that and we're proceeding forward.
Tom Kennedy: So, I think a big player this year for missiles and actually for their segment that has the two multi-year in it, the SM-3, Block 1B multi-year and the SM-6 multi-year. And those are combined that's about four over little bit over $4 billion booking. And so the ramping up the latter half of this year and obviously into 2020 and beyond. I think they're going to get significant because they are multi-year -- its five-year multi-year will give them significant base improvements and their factories moving forward. We are seeing across all elements all the business areas within missiles significant growth and also significant international demand signals. So I think it's maybe Toby, give you the exact numbers here but we are very positive on the growth side of missiles and so again we want to leverage the fact that we are growing not just on the development programs but now with these two multi-years on the production programs; when we want to leverage that to drive productivity and efficiency improvements to essentially drive the inter-margin expansion going in the right direction also.
Tom Kennedy: Let me start with the last one first. At missiles in particular the cost type mix and directionally is, think of it as maybe five to seven points -- 500 to 700 basis points higher or more biased toward cost type versus fixed price on a year-over-year basis. On your first question, I mentioned, I figured who asked the question earlier but when I was talking about the performance and I mentioned in the quarter we had a one adjustment that was about $15 million. It is not the same program that you referenced from the K, this was an international test range upgrade program that we saw some growth driven by design related issues in the early phases and we are now moving into the production in the integration phase. So, it's not the same program that was driving the negative adjustments that I referred to here in Q1.
Toby O'Brien: And Sheila, I'll just add a little bit on the details of the things that we're doing out there. So there's already been some changes that have been made. There were some modifications to the word structure. Some product lines were consolidated, which obviously reduces management costs. There were some other leadership changes made on the staff. The team out there continues to review the cost structure, looking for opportunities to get benefit of the leverage that we have given the growth we've seen. We're reviewing the factory operations for incremental efficiencies and Wes, as Tom mentioned, will leverage his prior experiences at missiles and will be clearly focused on improving execution. And there'll be some other things we make, other changes we make along the way. But bottom line, the team is very focused on growing the business, improving program execution and as Tom mentioned, expanding margins.
Toby O'Brien: Jon, let me maybe just add a little bit on the part of the question related to the earnings algorithm or exactly how you put that, just a couple things to remember right. So we've talked before a lot last year about the mix we're seeing, the change in the mix, driven by the National Defense Strategy and obviously the changing technology plays into that as well. And just as a reminder, the segment margin that we guided to this year, it has about 20 basis points of margin headwind that we see because of that mix and we're offsetting that in a little bit more with about 40 basis points of productivity. We're clearly in an era or a time when we are winning many of these new developing classified programs. And as Tom said, we see them as future franchises that ultimately transition and lead to production over time. And as I mentioned, near term margin pressure but it should be tailwinds to margin in the future. These awards strengthen our portfolio right. We're all about franchises. And the more franchise that we can get, help and we expand those internationally at a point in time as well. So while we've seen some puts and takes as a result of this, especially in our 2019 guidance by business, we continue to see margin expansion going forward. And again, don't forget about our international content. About 30% of our business is international. It's on the higher end of our margin scale that we have to have the benefit of working to leverage when looking at the earnings equation also.
Toby O'Brien: So Dough, just to your questions about what’s happened overtime with the guidance, a lot of that last year was around the mix. And we did get hit with a lot more of the lower margin development classified work. We believe the guidance for this year going back to what we provided in January properly size that relative to missiles, the mix effect. We still feel that's the case today. The change that you're seeing here in the quarter is as we said around performance and execution. There were a couple of program adjustments in the quarter at missiles. We did have one that was about $15 million. But when you step back from it, they are growing the effects of mix, I think are well understood, we think that's right. And it was all performance related. So as I said before, we took that into account, relook at the year and made the adjustments. I think Tom said in his opening remarks the fundamentals there remain strong and we believe that. Our comment to your comment about the backlog. So I think it's important, you can't take one quarter and think of that as trend, either good or bad. I'd take you back to the fact that missiles has been leading growth in the company going back the last four or so years. As a reminder, last year they had a book-to-bill of 1.09, it was 1.26 in 2017. The book-to-bill was low in the quarter, which is what drove the backlog down. It's all timing related. I would tell you, we expect north of $9 billion of bookings at missiles this year, a book-to-bill of 1.05 or greater. Again, I think we've talked about it before. We expect two multiyear production awards in the back half of this year out at missiles that is part of what is going drive that. So I wouldn't read anything into the change in the backlog in the quarter, other than just timing related to some large bookings.
Toby O'Brien: So on missiles, just to put in perspective, the net EAC adjustments in the quarter were $4 million, and they were above $69 million -- a little over $60 million of negatives. And again, if you just kind of think of the 9.5% margin. If the performance had been more, the EAC adjustments had been more aligned with our expectation, we would've been in a plus or minus 11% margin range for the quarter. Again, the issues we're dealing with here in missiles in the quarter are related to their performance. On the share repo, we continue to see value in our shares. We are committed to the share repurchase program. The outlook for the year, similar from a dollar value point you give or take to next year -- to last year about $1.3 billion and the 2 plus percent reduction. And we will continue to evaluate that. As far as the pension goes, we will, per our normal practice, we're looking at that all the time. But we'll have a clearer view of that as we get towards the back half of the year. We obviously want to see what's going on from an overall cash generation, allocation of capital and certainly what's happening in the market and how the plans are performing. Last year, just as a reminder, the reason we did something a little bit earlier was we got the benefit with the change in the tax laws to make the deduction at the prior tax rate of the 35%. So we were a little bit ahead of when we would normally look at discretionary contributions.
Toby O'Brien: So typically for the company, our segment margins do ramp up in the second half. And obviously, therefore, start a bit lower in first half. We did see some Q1 margins, about 50 basis points higher than our expectations, so that we were ahead of our guidance, ahead of our expectations on the segment margins in Q1. A decent portion of this improvement was driven by the timing of some profit previously expected in Q2, primarily at both IIS and SAS and therefore, taking that all into account does result in a lower margin in Q2. If I look at the businesses, specifically for Q2, we do see lower IDS and IIS margins compared to Q1. And also just as a bit of a reminder, Forcepoint traditionally or typically does have a loss in both Q1 and Q2 due to the seasonality of their business. So although the Q2 margin expectations, they are a little bit lower, we do feel good about our guidance for the total year of the 12.1 to 12.3. And I can tell you we have had years in the past where the cadence was similar. And part of that is driven, as I mentioned, by Forcepoint given that they are in a loss for the first half of the year and a profit in the back half as their volume increases.
Toby O'Brien: Let me jump in there and obviously Tom can add any color if he wants and hopefully I get it all you broke up a little bit on the question, but I'll go back to Q1 performance right and kind of, to your question about the margins. If we exclude the couple items that we talked about in the comments in the release around the consolidation of the entity that we planned on, in the material sales, right. IIS would have about 8.5% margin in the quarter and there see a real strong execution. That was largely driven by their net program efficiencies compared to where they perhaps perform to the last year in their prior guidance. So, we expect them to continue to perform at a strong level going forward I think I have said before this business can certainly get a north of 8% on a consistent basis from a margin point of view. I think they have got the execution side of it down really well based upon how they performed last year and certainly into the first quarter this year. I think as everybody knows they are the one business right that from their business model has the structure that drives the margins to be a little suppress right to have the least amount of fixed price and the least amount of international work, but I know Dave and the team are working hard to improve that especially in the area of cyber and various international opportunities. So I expect they are going to continue to grow even with the headwinds of Warfighter that they will be through this year between cyber and space and international. And I would expect that over time they will continue to incrementally improve the margins and that they clearly have the ability to get this business to operate in the very high single-digit margins, albeit over time especially as that mix transitions and becomes a little bit more international biased.
Toby O'Brien: The only thing I would add, Pete. As Tom, hit it right on. I mean they have got such a broad portfolio there isn't a single program or program area that were dependent upon here in the near term certainly this year and into the future to drive the growth that's coming from some of the classified work, some of our air-to-air business, the missile defense business that SM-3, participates in. So I think that's a key feature they have got the largest amount of franchises in the company. And while they are all at various stages they are all contributing or most all are contributing to the growth this year.
