Anthony F. O'Brien: Well look, Carter, let me talk about this year for a little minute because I think it's kind of a precursor heading into 2016. So for IDS, as I mentioned, we still expect margins in Q4 to be strong. We did however adjust our guidance. It does reflect, as you just suggested, an update in mix and our performance to date. Specifically, we are seeing more development work on programs like AMDR, and we have had some increase in our content on AWD. Combine that with the fact that we're still ramping up on some of our other large recent awards, which we've talked about in the past. They start out at lower margins. They expand their margins over time as they progress to this cycle and retire risk. So we're still seeing that mix issue impact us as we go through the balance of this year, okay. But that bodes well for the future, as those development programs move into production. And that thought is contemplated in the initial outlook that we gave you for 2016.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Well, the growth that we show obviously because we only had Cyber Products in last year's third quarter, is essentially all from the acquisition of Websense. And the way to think about it, it would have, to answer your question, it would have been flat year over year.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, I'll start and then obviously Tom can jump in here if he wants to add some color. So to your point, missile sales were up in the third quarter from prior year, double digits around 11%, and that's sequential growth as well. We do expect the missiles sales cadence to continue to improve into Q4, really driven by volume from our production programs. And it's really not one individual program as I mentioned in my opening comments. It's across multiple production programs, TOW, and some of the standard missile family of programs as well. For the total year, we see sales growth in the mid single digits. Obviously as you said, we have updated our guidance to reflect the favorable performance year to date in our outlook for Q4. But there's not one individual program and/or country if you will that's driving that. It's just a very strong portfolio of programs that's pushing the growth up in the missiles business.
Anthony F. O'Brien: And I think, just Seth, another thing that reinforces that, the bookings for the quarter, AIM-9X, Paveway, JSOW, spares, et cetera, right, SM-3. It's again, it's across that portfolio that we have in our missiles business.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. So, I'll give you at a high level, Cai. Unlike prior years, we don't have any binary $1 billion-plus type of awards whether it be international or domestic in the fourth quarter. So there is not one particular program or award that's driving it. We do have several programs in the $500 million range, plus or minus. And Tom, I don t know if you want to comment any more detail on.
Anthony F. O'Brien: And Cai, I think your question about recoverability, think of it this way. About a quarter of that increase, at least in dollars, so about $15 million of that relates to Websense. So that obviously on the commercial side, not recoverable on US government contracts. But the balance of the increase is recoverable on our contracts.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, so I think that a couple of things that – and I'll try not to be repetitive to Carter's question here. So the mix is changing, right, so we're seeing higher volume. But because of the higher levels of development work and some increases on AWD that are at lower margins, we're seeing that which is new compared to what we had expected before. The other thing too, we, as I mentioned in my comments, we do expect, which is not atypical, to have a contract modification that will result in income that we recognize in the fourth quarter, and the magnitude of that is a little less than what we had previously expected. So from a Q4 point of view and therefore a total year perspective, that those are the two major things that are driving the change.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, so as far as the amount, we're still in negotiations and working through this with our customer. So unfortunately, Jason, I won't give you specifics. But what I can tell you to maybe try to help you size it, if you remember, we did have a similar type of item at IDS in last year's fourth quarter. But I would tell you that was of higher value or higher magnitude than the one we're looking at here. Our run rate for the quarter, even if you exclude this item, I would tell you our run rate for the quarter would still be better than our year to date performance. So even without that item, the Q4 margin would be better than year to date.
Anthony F. O'Brien: No, Jason. We feel good about the outlook for this year regardless of what happens with the shutdown.
Anthony F. O'Brien: And hey, Jason, just a little bit of a follow up to your question about the margin rate for next year, as I said, it is at the segment level. And as a reminder, obviously we'll update it in January, but we do expect our FAS/CAS to be improved next year from this year as well, if you're thinking about it from a total company point of view.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, no I mean our goal today was to give everyone a high look at where we are headed for next year. We're in the middle of our process for locking down 2016. So we're not going to go any deeper than we did, but certainly in January, we'll give you all the details and the color around each of the businesses.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, so our return year to date is around 1%, okay, on our assets to the first part of your question. I'll just add a little bit more color there. And if we were even to remain flat for the remainder of the year, as I mentioned earlier when, to Jason's question, we would still see our FAS/CAS income for 2016 to be better than 2015, as I mentioned earlier. As far as the discretionary contribution, that is an element of our balanced capital deployment. We will look from time to time to make that. Right now, we don't have a plan to do that, but it's certainly something depending upon how things shape up over the next couple of months that we'll be evaluating, and certainly we'll obviously let everyone know if we choose to do something there.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, George, it's Toby. I mean what we said for next year, early look right, was flat to slightly up on margins. But related to those major production programs, it would really be 2017 and 2018 when we'd be in the sweet spot from driving the productivity and the efficiencies on those programs.
Anthony F. O'Brien: No, it includes Websense, but it does not include the amortization of the intangibles or the deferred revenue. So it includes their operating results, if you will.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, we would see on an operating basis excluding the accounting in acquisition related adjustments, we would see margins next year in the high teens, okay. And what's happening here, this year, Q2 had low margins for Websense because of the restructuring related activities. And it's just a timing issue. We didn't have much going on relative to how those costs we incurred in Q3. We expect them to pick back up, if you will, as we work towards completing the integration activities, which is going to drive the margins down in Q4. But again, all within the outlook we've given for the year for Websense.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, so what's happening at Websense, we're seeing growth in their TRITON platform and their TRITON product and related services in around the 10% range. And as we've talked about before, they have a legacy web filtering business that has been declining. It continues to decline and the two of those are kind of a push that get us to that flat. So what would drive the growth in the future is both the combination of the expansion of TRITON but also the integration of the Raytheon Cyber Products into the TRITON platform and the synergies of cross-selling across both customer sets that Websense bring to the table and RCP bring to the table.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, Rob, I think again, we were just trying to give everybody a high level look at next year. We're not prepared to go into the details by business because some things are probably going to move around between now and January when we do that for you guys. As I mentioned, we're still in the middle of our process of walking this all down.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Including if there are certain programs or products that are better suited even internally in one business or another. So, it's something we constantly look at.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, so I think, Rob, as you know we've been in the range of 80% to 90% the last few years. Be similar this year, depending on how things shake out a little bit. As far as going forward, I think generally speaking, I think of it at the same way in the context of the broad balanced capital deployment strategy that Tom just referred to. Again, we think it's served us well historically. As far as the mix, I won't comment specifically on a mix of how that return would split between dividend and/or buyback. But what I would tell you, that both elements would be part of our return to shareholders going forward. Obviously, we're subject to board approval on these things. But from a dividend perspective, obviously we want to make sure it's competitive and sustainable at the same time. And we'll give you all an update early next year as to our thinking on that, and I think it's usually our March timeframe when we get the board to vote on the dividend, and we'll provide you that detailed information. But you're absolutely right, too, about the aspect of acquisitions, and just to be very clear, we don't have sitting here today any $1 billion-plus deals that we're contemplating for any part of the portfolio including our commercial cyber venture. It would be the more niche targeted type of acquisitions that fill technology gaps or product gaps or customer gaps as we've talked about.
Anthony F. O'Brien: So, let me start with the last one first. I mean we feel pretty comfortable. Obviously we've got a range of a couple hundred million dollars on the cash flow outlook for the year of the $2.5 billion to the $2.7 billion. As far as Q3 of 2015 versus 2014, the cash taxes were favorable by about $130 million on a quarter-over-quarter basis there. Let me just check on the absolute amount of the cash taxes here for you. So the cash taxes paid this year were about $300 million.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, and obviously where there wasn't a guidance increase, Pete, those were contemplated in the outlook we had previously given.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, I wouldn't think of it that way necessarily. I mean we bumped it up this year, right. We were at $750 million. We went up to $1 billion, based upon how we felt about where the stock was valued and the growth opportunities that we had in front of us to improve the valuation in the stock, which we've talked about today relative to the strong bookings to date, the backlog, the growth we see for next year. We obviously still think that there's upside in the valuation from Websense. We know we're in a kind of a wait and see period here. But over time, and again not to beat a dead horse, right, we just wanted to give you all a high level view of things and we'll certainly provide more color and specificity on the detailed components of our overall capital plan in the January call as well.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, so at the end of Q3, about 40% of our international backlog was FMS with the balance being direct commercial, so the 40-60 split. That's changed a little bit. It's come, the FMS content percentage-wise has come down a little bit by maybe about 5 points. So that had been a little bit higher, around 45%. Going forward, I don't know that I'd necessarily expect any major change. I'm thinking we'd probably continue to be in that 40% to 45% range at any given point depending upon the mix of programs. And as Tom said, some of them we have to have FMS. Some of them we'll try to drive to DCS. But I wouldn't expect any significant change in that mix.
Thomas A. Kennedy: I would say it's development program driven growth that exceeded our expectations at IDS this year. And what that does lead us into opportunities in 2016, 2017 and 2018 as we transition those programs into production, on top of all of the Patriot production work that we are starting up on now, for example, Qatar program. So we have a very positive outlook for IDS. Just a reminder, both Toby and myself ran that business so we know all the levers in driving margin in the business. And we see clear signs and opportunities based on the mix that they have today moving into 2016 and 2017 and 2018.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Can I just jump on that? I mean, you did see there was a successful SM-3 launch this past week with our European coalition partners. And so we see a significant demand signal pull for missile defense missiles relative to our European partners outside of the US itself. And then if you go across the regions, you do know that there's significant turmoil in the Eastern Europe area, so we see demand signals there, obviously in the Middle East. But we're also starting to see demand signals in the Asia-Pacific region. We saw it initially in South Korea with Patriot orders, but we were also seeing it in the areas relative to replenishing the weapons that they have. So it's not just in one region, it's essentially across the globe that we're seeing these demand signal pulls.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah. I'll tell you, it is an area that we track in the business. It is something that is necessary especially relative to FMS contracts to shorten the period of getting on contract and starting to work the programs. We do track and try to drive the definitization of those UCAs as soon as possible. I mean, that's something we work with directly with the Department of Defense. And I can tell you I have my, I review those on a periodic basis to make sure that they're not getting out of control. I can tell you, the department wants to definitize them as soon as possible also, but it is a lot of work. And we just got to make sure that we work hand and glove together with the government to drive those to closure as soon as possible.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, I mean there's several Patriot related awards. We're also looking at the several C5I awards also. And this is not international, but the domestic air, some air traffic work. And then we already mentioned the missile company in terms of their portfolio of missiles being in demand on the international marketplace. I do want to mention something, go back to something that Toby said about the binaries. And in the past, we've always had one of these big $1 billion or multi-billion dollar binaries we were waiting on. One of the elements of our international strategy was to not just have one but to have three or four binaries, so that we were never relying on any given one. And that's actually the position, the great position we're in today. We don't just have one order we're waiting for to be able to achieve several billion dollars worth of international bookings. And it's kind of a different – it's a totally different feel here. It's a great feel, by the way, that we don't have to hang our hat on one big binary in any quarter. But the bottom line is the international strategy we put in place is paying off relative to that.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, it's all IR&D, so it's all recoverable depending on whether it's a cost plus contract in our rates or a firm fixed-price contract. So that's the answer to your first one. The areas that we've been concentrating on and we've been talking about this on the calls is high energy lasers. It's been a big area for us. We do see that as a new up and coming area. There's a lot of demand signal from multiple services. Also, the other big area is hypersonics. As the threat gets more and more sophisticated, it requires more, I would call it speed and agility to be able to get to the threat and hypersonics are becoming a big part of that. So we are investing in that. We've had some great successes in terms of wins on some advanced technology contracts with DARPA in the hypersonics area over the last four months. And then also, we're really engaging in the undersea area and really looking as that starts to expand and becoming an area of interest, especially relative to anti-access/area denial. We continue to invest in advanced EW, again driven by the need for a systems to counter the evolving threat. And we also see a demand, especially across the Middle East region for our C5ISR solutions. So we're continuing to invest in that product line.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well I would say for example, the TPY-2 radar that's part of THAAD, but it's also now being looked at as essentially an early warning radar. It's kind of standing on its own and we're getting – there's been a lot of interest on that system within THAAD obviously, but also outside of THAAD. So that's, I would call that, that's been a development that's been occurring here over the last couple of years. So we see that in the future as a major international system that we provide. Obviously, we have the Patriot System itself. We have a big award in 2016. It's the Qatar early warning radar. So it's on the order of $1 billion potential for that system. That's getting ready to go through congressional notification. And earlier had a congressional notification but the customer wanted to increase the size of the radar, so we have to go back. And that looks like that'll complete this year with CN and with an award in 2016. We also, we talked quite a bit about a lot of our missile products which are big. And you are correct, we are getting traction in integrated air and missile defense, especially relative to our NASAM system. That's starting to get traction especially as a replacement to the Hawk System. So outside of Patriot, we see multiple other areas that are allowing us to essentially get out of this pure Patriot binary that we're waiting on.
Thomas A. Kennedy: So on our domestic, none of them are new starts, and there's also a significant amount of international which is obviously independent of the CR.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah, let me hit the 3DELRR first. For those who don't know, we essentially were awarded the 3DELRR. There was a protest. And through the protest process, the U.S. Air Force has decided to essentially recompete the 3DELRR. So that's right now in a competition. At the same time, we are in an appeal process to see if we can undo that and have the award sustained. So that's where we're at on that. I can't really say much more about that one. You are correct on the long range discrimination radar. There was an announcement last night that didn't go in our favor. We are obviously disappointed in that. We feel we had a good solution for the Missile Defense Agency. And we are awaiting our debrief because we really don't have any more information than essentially you have based on the release out of the DoD.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well on IDS, let's talk about IDS first. So the new awards, especially the big Patriot awards are normally about a five-year period to essentially get through those programs. So on these new ones, for example Qatar, we're just in the first inning, essentially the first year of that contract. So we're in the, I would call it the ramping up element. And Toby addressed this on a prior question here. So we see the sweet spots, especially relative to the Patriot orders occurring in the 2017 and 2018 timeframe relative to the margin expansion as we ramp up.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah so, Robert, we continually look at that in terms of our portfolio shaping, essentially quarterly in terms of all of our programs. And then we mentioned this on prior calls, we never got into the fed IT business. We had good vision and I guess we had the right crystal ball at the time not to get into that particular business area. So most of our services are what we call the value-added type services in terms of servicing our products and our solutions. We're getting us into areas where we can do maintenance and sustainment and also upgrades to systems that are out there which essentially fits better into our overall portfolio of other systems.
Thomas A. Kennedy: I wish I could tell you anything on the bomber, but I'm not going to be able to tell – go there on that answer.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, I'll give you kind of the top line here, and we keep readdressing this at all our calls to make sure that you understand how consistent we are on it. And we do drive a balanced capital deployment strategy. And so we look at all avenues and try to make sure we do the right thing for the shareholder in terms of total shareholder return. So from that perspective, I'll give it over to Toby here to go through the, I guess the exact numbers as we move forward.
Thomas A. Kennedy: They were both in IIS, that's correct. Just remember, one of them, the DOMino is being protested. So it was not – I mean it was awarded, but then protested.
Thomas A. Kennedy: The NISSC was protested, and then the protest went in our favor. So that one's done. But DOMino award was protested and it's still in protest.
Thomas A. Kennedy: All right, I think the other message we wanted to send is that the growth in 2015 is not limited to 2015, based obviously on our backlog but also what we see in the demand signal pulls, we will be growing in 2016. That was really the message.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me give you kind of our strategy relative to FMS versus direct commercial sale. So number one is, we always work with the customer. And if a customer prefers to go FMS, we obviously support that customer and go on FMS. If there is a choice to be made between FMS and direct commercial sale, we do look at in terms of what is the overall risk in taking a direct commercial sale. So we're pretty prudent in terms of how we make the decisions relative to pushing FMS versus DCS. Now that being said, we do have significant DCS opportunities. We have the direct commercial sale work in-house today that we're doing quite well on. And Toby can give you the exact breakout.
