William Swanson: From our standpoint, we still see plenty of opportunities in the company. There's a lot of effort going in our supply chain side of the business. As most of you know, that makes up about half of what we do. We're not going to be riding on the backs of our suppliers. I want to point that out. What we're going to be working on more is, given our suppliers better visibility into what we're doing, we're necking down to a small core group where they can align up their investments with our investments to make sure that we continue to deliver the best value to our customers. And as we look at how we're doing that buying across the company and sourcing and development, we think we have some more opportunities for the company in that area. Plus, from our standpoint, we realize that in this environment things do take a little bit longer. And I think I mentioned on the last call that Six Sigma team is looking at our cycles at the beginning of each of the programs as we do things to take out some more time as we go and do that. Clearly, if we can take it out of our cycles, it makes it get a little bit back more to normal. From my perspective, I see a few more months of the congestion that I talked about. But mid to latter part of the year, this might take, at least having been doing it for a number of years, I expect that to change a little bit. And we expect it to be favorable in that regard.
William Swanson: Rob, I would add a little more color. I think the real problem is, when you look at the government side from the program managers or the acquisition cycle, they're trying to figure this out. For those on the call, clearly the last time we went past February 9 was in 1970. So once we get to March 4 and beyond, they'd be a little bit on chartered waters. My take on this is that people understand it and they're going to try and give the department some flexibility so they can operate. We've got a couple of wars going on now and people realize that. And I think people will do the right thing as we go forward.
William Swanson: Thanks for asking. Because we are in a tender offer process right now, my comments will be somewhat limited. But if you look at the pricing and desirability of AST, we've evaluated the transaction carefully. Applied Signal brings world-class technologies and talents that really complements Raytheon's strong ISR solutions and capabilities. You have to remember or maybe you don't, but 90% of what they do is classified. We believe what we paid for in the business is appropriate. We think we can really create shareholder value. You didn't ask this part, but if you look at Raytheon's classified business, bookings were up 16%. Last year, sales were up 14% and we've had about 13% growth year-over-year. A double-digit in the classified arena. And I think what you got to do is, given our transparency and the way we've driven the company, I think we can create real value with ASP as it gets added to our portfolio.
William Swanson: Let me start with a broad perspective. I think from an Asia and a Middle East point of view, we see those as being -- continue to be strong with Raytheon. Put in perspective, last year, if you look our sales represented about 23% international. That was a 10% growth year-over-year, so it's important to us. Those regions are important. If we look at some of the areas that we see activity, Australia continues to be a good market for us. We expect to do some additional work there, especially in Land 17. As we've gone through that, we expect that some time in the first half of the year. Air traffic control radars, which I haven't talked about in a while continue to be strong for us. We're seeing an uptick as more and more people are starting to fly. We're getting interest in our primary and secondary radars, along with our command and controls. So that is a growth for us. Our Missile business continues to see it. Dave mentioned the Paveway orders, we expect that to continue this year. At least in the same kind of range and size. Our TPY-2 radars, those are our long-range radars that we use for missile defense. We see that picking up with international customers. Patriot, clearly for us, Saudi is a customer that we finished technical discussions. Preliminary discussions have taken place. We're informed that it has been budgeted in countries, so we expect to be wrapping that up. We'll hear about Turkey and their decision some time here in the first and second quarter. Other Patriot, I think you've heard in Dave's report, Kuwait has started to buy missiles. We expect them to also expand with new fire units as we do at Taiwan. Israel and other countries are in there, so Patriots got a nice history. We also see some Homeland Security activity taking place in various other parts of the world that orders are close by. But our customers have elected to keep those classified. At least we'll announce the orders but not who they go to. So internationally, I think the order book and activity is about as high as I can remember it. So we're feeling pretty good about it. We just got to work through the issues of the countries deciding in moving forward, but I feel pretty good about the international marketplace right now.
William Swanson: If you look at it from an international point of view, I mentioned last year was 23%. We expect that to grow in the range of 23% to 25%. So we're pretty much on target for hitting our 25% of sales that we announced a few years ago.
William Swanson: Yes, we do. About 28% to 30% is what we expect to take place. And overall bookings for the company, we expect to be about $27.5 billion plus or minus $500 million.
William Swanson: Cai, let me try and put it in perspective and I'll speak from the wins of a customer as a program manager. If you're a PM in DoD and you're not sure what your budget is going to be, especially if your new program its even worse. But in an existing program, especially on the intelligence side, they basically have gone from the yearly funding to quarterly. And now in some cases, as Dave pointed out, to monthly. And the reason they do that is they want to make sure whenever the decision comes on the funding, they're prepared to execute their programs going forward and not having consumed all the money up front, so there's nothing left for the balance of the year. If that all makes sense. The other thing that's taking place in our backlog that I want to point out is that the company has been extremely successful in converting a number of our programs that used to be funded for longer periods of times into IDIQs, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity. These don't show up in our backlog, but they give us the ability to spin and react quickly to customers' needs. We've increased that about $600 million last year, so it doesn't show up in the backlog. And those also don't show up kind of in the funding. So between the IDIQs, the change because of the CRs, it affects both the funded backlog and we're sorting it all out. We thought it would be helpful to mention because, at least I believe, that was going to get a question on this that the IDIQs at $600 million, those do have an impact on the numbers and we thought you should know about it.
William Swanson: It's a great question. I spent some time going through all our programs. I wish I could give you an underlining cause for the delays. Each is driven program-by-program or for customer-specific reasons. In Saudi, you're absolutely right. The F-15 was a big win. It was also a big one between DoD and the State Department and the Hill to get approval. That's gone through. You're now starting to see other things moving. Dave talked about the Saudi Patriot order or the Saudi Paveway order for us, which was close to $500 million. That came in right afterwards, so we're starting to see things move. There's a little bit of delay in the beginning of the year because Congress is changing over and we all know that the composition of the House changed. So as soon as they all get their feet on the ground, then we'll start to see some more activity. But it's really case-by-case, country-by-country and Saudi has notified a lot of us of what they intend to buy and we're working with them to get that through. Other parts of the world are changing. I think Asia realizes the threat there. They're starting to adjust their needs and their order books and we're chatting with them. So it's really case-by-case and program-by-program. And what we do see is the new programs are getting -- they're getting through DoD, but they sure take longer. If that helps.
William Swanson: Heidi, I think so. When you look at where the Department of Defense is going and where our customers are going, I'll start with a 60,000-foot look. We will get out of Iraq. We will get out of Afghanistan. There will be troop adjustments at some point that the department will make. The threat environment in the world hasn't changed or at least the threat from terrorism, the threat from nations that want to cause some problems. And so what do you need in that environment? You need SIGINT, ELINT, EW, those are the things that tie in to ISR and the command and control. And for us, the Gretzky quote is probably still the best one that I can think of is, you want to be where the puck is going to be, not where it's at now. And so for us, I think we are wise enough not to get into Fed IT. The market proved that. I think we are smart enough on Cybersecurity three years ago before anybody else talked about it that we set the marketplace there. And we see this as the next one. And from our standpoint, we wanted to make sure that we got a good piece of property. And we thought long and hard. And as I mentioned, they're 90% classified. So we know what they do and we think we can marry that with what else we do and offer our customers some real value and solutions, in some cases that they thought of and even more cases where they haven't thought of.
William Swanson: I believe so where the government will allow us to do. For your benefit and others, we do the badge system in Japan, which is their command and control that we do for them to set that picture up. The radars that exist there TPY-2 on our Patriots and other sensors. So we have the ability to net that all together. And Japan has been a good ally and the United States especially in that region. Our Navies operate together, run exercises together like no other two countries in the world. And so our belief is yes. We see being able to take what they do and we do and put it together and help our allies understand what's going on. Because what we want to know in times of the environment that we're in, what you really want to know is what are your neighbors doing? And we think we have the ability to know what's going on in the world. I guess the best way I could say it.
William Swanson: How high do you want us to go, Heidi? I guess the point is that we thought we could hit 25% within a five-year window, I think that will happen. I'm not so hung up on the absolute number. I'm hung up on the growth and we've had double-digit growth. We look to this year to be in the high-single digits kind of thing. That's coming out of the chute. I'd like to push it harder. We think there are opportunities. And we think given our product mix, I really feel good about Raytheon's depth and breadth of programs, and it gives us a lot of flexibility. And what we're working on internally is our agility. How do we move quicker? How do we do that with existing programs and that ties into our CRAD, which has really grown in the company. And that's our engine here for technology. And so we can offer our customers things that they need. And as Dave said, I didn't talk about it, but they're going to keep existing platforms running. If they do, they need Raytheon inside and so that's what we intend to do.
William Swanson: No. I'm glad you asked the question, Peter. 2011 is a bit of an anomaly for IDS, driven by the area that you just mentioned in your question. Looking ahead, we're not to give formal guidance for 2012, but I would say it would be more in line with historical growth rates, if you're looking at say the '08, '09, '10 time frame.
William Swanson: Let me add one thing because Dave talked about IDS. On the Zumwalt side of, it because of the Nunn-McCurdy breach and the Navy allocating some of the efforts of the ships this year. What that does for us, if you think about it, it really spreads our funding out, which gives us a nice base going forward that we would have peaked and then started to tail off. So now that will help IDS by giving them a nice base. It creates a problem this year. But overall, we think it's pretty good and that should be factored into your numbers. I wanted to mention that. On Cyber, Cyber has been good for us. We've had, if we look at the way we measure it internally, it's had real good double-digit growth. Let me say in the 20% range both in bookings and in sales, and we expect that to continue. Because of some of the stuff you can read in the newspapers, we've actually got some real key technology wins that we are doing for some of the services codename, program's quick stop. But basically, how we deal with insider threats, and that's one of the strengths of the company. So we see the attention and the activity. Plus we start to see programs happening on some pace in cadence, and we expect that to continue and pick up this year after the lag. Because DoD has now got each of the services and the agencies all lined up. So there's an infrastructure there and we're feeling pretty good. We've got a couple of takeaways, so we think we're on track there.
William Swanson: Yes, I think so. The fact that we're coming at it from a full-length point view as the sword and the shield. We see our customers coming to us for solutions in this case. And the fact that, from a company point of view, we use internally what we sell. So when we sell it, we can show our customers that it's scalable because a company of our size and critical nature of what we do. We can show the metrics that are real because it's operating in Raytheon before they use it.
William Swanson: It's a great question. I think the way I look at it is, the frustration that you might hear from someone in our industry is that we can see the order, we can touch the order but getting it booked and signed and everything takes time. And our frustration really sets around being able to peg one that would happen because you all look to us with some specificity in mind. And to me, given the economy, the budget, what DoD has tried to do, the agreements that they've tried to get with the administration. And now we go to the Hill, we're going to have a little bit of this first year of everybody getting their feet on the ground. And I sense that when you look at the committee chairs on defense, they're pretty strong on what they want to go do. Yet in the political environment, the budget is one that has everybody's attention and they'll work through that. Having said that, having been through this somewhat before, not these exact circumstances, our intelligence, our modeling tells us that, that will pick up and get better at year end. I think what we have to really look at and will plug into play is that how Congress will look at the deficit going forward. For Raytheon, we try and shield ourselves in that regard by having our International business being about a quarter of what we do. About 2/3 of what we sell is the DoD. Another third it goes other places and Raytheon's try to broaden our portfolio. If you look at our programs, we don't spin around any one program. I think we only have two programs that are around $500 million in sales, and the rest are more or less than that. So we're really a portfolio of programs that give us the ability to move out and do other things. And that's kind of how we look at it and we'll keep updating you as we see things as we go through the congressional process here because that has a lot in what we do.
William Swanson: Well, I don't really want to characterize it one way or the other but I just want to reaffirm the way you're looking at is sort of in the mid-single digit range second half is the appropriate way to look at it.
William Swanson: I guess the best way to look at it is and contractually how you look at it and that contract was a little bit unique. As you point out, I can't say too much about it because we're in arbitration on that. But we've gone through all our contracts to make sure that, that particular situation like that doesn't happen again. Our contracts internationally are usually systems that we've done before whether they be Paveway, whether they be AESA radars or they be missiles. And from that standpoint, this company has a history of doing what it says its going to do. And I think as I said on one of the calls in my 39 years in the business, this has happened once. And I want to point out that the system is operating in country. It is delivering actionable results. It handles 120 million transactions on a yearly basis, and Raytheon delivered. And that's really the point I want to make is this company has a record of standing by what it says it's going to do and it does it. And we'll deal with the rest in arbitration. But I feel comfortable with what we're doing for our other international mature customers.
William Swanson: Yes. That's what we get paid to do. We make sure here we have gate reviews on all of these. We get smarter as we do things. Our antennas get better to be able to do this. And we make sure that we reach out to our customers even more so, and it's made us better.
David Wajsgras: Well, given all the discussions that are taking place around the CR, the full year CR is not considered in the guidance, okay? We don't have an expectation that, that would be the case. And frankly, Rob, it's exceptionally difficult to calculate especially when you're talking about the defense budget. So I wish I could give you a more crisp answer, but there would be too many puts and takes in that situation.
David Wajsgras: Let me just talk a little bit about some of the businesses. So with respect to IDS, IDS margins as you can see are expected to improve. It's driven by a combination of things. Obviously, continued strong performance and it is helped a little bit by the mix. In looking at IIS, you have to peel this back a little bit. But when you look at it, excluding the e-Borders impact, 2010 approximated about 9% margins, which was very healthy for that business. And importantly, that includes about 50 basis points related to purchase accounting. There's been a number of cyber acquisitions that are now embedded in that business. Year-over-year, we're looking to see that down a little bit because there was some onetime events, some contract restructuring, some productivity that took place in that business that may be difficult to replicate. But we're still moving forward, I think, with a healthy margin profile there. With respect to Missiles, Missiles includes the ramp-up of several development programs. So out of the gate, we're seeing them down maybe 10, 20 basis points, but they'll continue to focus on the things we've been talking about around productivity and cost efficiencies, and we'll monitor that as we go through the year. With respect to NCS, there you sort of have the same scenario. There's a number of production programs that are nearing the end of the cycle while development programs are beginning to ramp up. So we would see sort of the exit margin rate in '11 to be healthy. What you're looking at now is the average of 13.6% to 13.8%. SAS, the lower margin there is driven by the integration in the purchase accounting related to AST. If you exclude that, we're looking at margins 10 to 20 basis points better than where we ended '10. From a Technical Services perspective, we had some favorable contract worth about 30 basis points in 2010 combined with cost savings in '11 that are being passed back on to the customers relative to their training programs. So this is more of a normalized margin profile for TS. Probably a little bit more than you wanted to know, but let me just kind of put the whole company in perspective for you. A couple of things are happening. One is we have the acquisition. Like we said, assuming that it closes in the first quarter, which we currently anticipate, that will, from a company perspective impact us by about 20 basis points. And the performance improvement that we saw in '10 on new contracts, those savings and cost reductions that we've achieved get passed back to the customer. With that, we'll continue to drive from that perspective. But that's kind of what's happening year-over-year.
David Wajsgras: Let me just kind of frame up the fourth quarter. We talked about some of this earlier. Bill touched on it, so did I. But let me just repeat that. Firstly, as we take cost out of the business, it does improve the margins as we addressed earlier. But on cost-type programs, it impacts sales. On the quarter, that impacted fourth quarter sales $25 million to $50 million. Secondly, we're in the midst of the CR, which affect the number of programs. We're typically funded for several months on programs, and we're now seeing funding go down even a monthly basis. Overall, the CR impacted us for about $100 million. It's probably worth noting that about half of that was in IIS. And lastly, we did have some timing impact that Bill and I both addressed earlier, both from a domestic and international standpoint, primarily in IDS and NCS. And together, those are about $50 million to $100 million. That's kind of the way to frame up, I think fourth quarter and what's going on from a top line perspective.
David Wajsgras: George, I think I know what you're getting at. So let me put a few numbers around this. Domestic grew around 1% on the quarter. International grew in the double digit range, 11%, 12%.
David Wajsgras: Yes. Actually it was driven by, and I'll repeat myself, we have a tremendous focus on working capital management and cash conversion. SAS in particular performed extremely well. And they were $200 million, $250 million improved versus what we were seeing. So that's going to be a timing difference between Q4 and Q1. But they were able to move forward on a number of initiatives they had and I think performed exceptionally well. From the balance of the businesses. I think, generally speaking, everybody had a focus and basically outperformed our internal expectation. And that's kind of the short version.
David Wajsgras: Let me just briefly give you kind of the walk year-over-year. So we ended the year with $1.9 billion, that being the starting point cash flow in 2010. From a pension funding standpoint, we pick up about $800 million, as you just noted. Net cash taxes year-over-year are working against us to the tune of $400 million or $500 million. And then there's really the timing that I spoke about when we were addressing the fourth quarter cash flow.
David Wajsgras: Bill, let me just add one thing to that from a cadence standpoint. Because I think it's a fair representation the way you phrased your question. First half of versus second half, we talked a lot about that both in our opening remarks and throughout the Q&A. So in the first half, we're kind of looking at a flattish to may be slightly up period-over-period sales gross standpoint and then sort of mid-single digits in the back half. So if you're trying to think of how to sort of normalize things going forward, I just wanted to reaffirm that the way you're looking at this is right. Again, the back half of '10 going into the first part of '11, we talked a lot about what's going on with the program awards and the timing and the CR. I'm not going to rehash all that. But if you're thinking about how the company's going to look going forward, I just want to put it in perspective and just reaffirm the way you're thinking about it.
