Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah. So first I can tell you anything that we reported as a booking has made it into our backlog, so that's part one. Regarding the rest of the question, as I mentioned in my comments, we're pleased with the backlog growth, up 6% over 2015. We saw a 3% increase at the end of 2015 as well. What is happening or what you're seeing, and we've talked about this before, is the effect of backlog adjustments. We did see $300 million of backlog adjustments in this quarter. The majority of these or most of these are the results of cost underruns on domestic cost type programs. From time to time we also see some smaller impacts related to scope changes and currency fluctuations. And if you look at it from a total year point of view, as you did, that difference or that gap that you're trying to bridge is all related to the backlog adjustments. I can also tell you none of it relates to cancellations including any international orders. So we don't have a concern there. The sales miss, just to kind of play towards the rest of your question, the sales miss at IDS had nothing to do with anything that was canceled. It's purely timing. Nothing went away. Some of the larger orders, like the Qatar EWR that was mentioned earlier, that just moved from the fourth quarter into here over the award expected over the next couple months, and it's nothing more than that.
Anthony F. O'Brien: So you got to keep in mind, right, when a program moves to the right, the whole program moves, right. And so just use the EWR as an example, right, we'd expected that award here in at the end of, back at the end of 2016. Would have had a few months worth of revenue recorded in 2016. And then in 2017 you would have been into make it up months three through 15 on the program. Now we're only going to be recording months one through 10, let's say, or one through nine. So it's just that everything is shifting to the right. Regarding IDS, we are showing, if you look at the range of the revenue guidance for 2017, somewhere between a 3% to 7% growth or up in the mid to single digits. It is driven by international as we continue to ramp up on some of the larger awards, the international radar awards and Patriot programs, as well as Qatar EWR. And we do have some programs that, as planned, would be ramping down, but we feel good about the mid single digit growth for IDS. And again, nothing has gone away or been lost. It's just a matter of timing.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, so, Jason, and just on the, translate a little bit what Tom said from the results for the year end and looking ahead. So, the sales for the fourth quarter and there for the year, they were a little bit below our expectations. The good news is that the business hit our expectations from a bookings point of view, and they just had some mix issues, right, where it flowed through and resulted in lower profit within the quarter based upon fewer perpetual contracts and more subscription contracts, okay. So it was just a mix issue where the year ended up. Looking forward to 2017, low double digit top-line growth, 10% to 11% margin. The $25 million investment that Tom talked about is about 300, 350 basis points impact on margin. So normalized for that, maybe closer to 14%. That said, looking forward on a longer-term basis, we continue to expect double digit growth going forward. We believe the investment in the business in 2017 sets us up well for continued double digit growth and margins. So, I think we're still on track. Recall we made this investment from the longer-term, right, about looking to the future and a growth perspective. And as Tom mentioned, in a couple years, this is becoming a $600 million plus cyber security business, and we're pleased with the performance and the outlook for the business.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, Cai, so keep in mind, notwithstanding the early warning radar that moved into 2017, we did come in nearly $1 billion higher than the high end of our booking outlook for 2016, okay. And that resulted in the strong 1.16 book-to-bill. We said think of 2017 in roughly 1 to 1.05 book-to-bill. When you look at the two years together, obviously the simple average there, about 1.08. Very strong. Will we have some backlog adjustments in 2017? I'm sure we will. We don't anticipate they'd be at the level that they were here that we saw in 2016. And net-net we'd expect to see backlog growth in 2017.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, so we ended 2016 around $625 million in CapEx and software spending. As we talked about, it is going to go up in 2017. I think the way to think of it is in a range of maybe $650 million to $695 million for both capital and software combined. We're increasing our spending as the business grows with investments in our infrastructure and high technology production facilities, as Tom mentioned in his opening remarks. We're also continuing to invest in demonstration capabilities and factory automation, again to position us for both growth and productivity improvements. We are seeing some of the results of that, those improvements from a productivity point of view in our factory automation. And we strongly believe we're making investments in the right places that will yield future benefit. Looking beyond 2017, to the other part of your question, I would expect the expenditure level to be in line with where we are in 2017.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yes, so on the cash, what I said is if you take a look at 2016 and 2017 combined, prior to the discretionary, we're about $400 million better than what we had guided for 2016. And then the indications that we gave for 2017 back on the October call, that $400 million is all driven, primarily driven, by the timing of receipts and collections. Relative to 2016, a big chunk of it was related to advances that we received earlier than expected. And in 2017, think of it just as typical receipts on programs. So from us this is a real strong point here. As we closed out 2016 and going to 2017, we were able to beat in 2016, and it wasn't at the expense of 2017. We backfilled that $300 million plus added another $100 million, really driven by the performances of the business. So we're really pleased with that and it helps reinforce our focus on cash flow and the strong balance sheet.
Anthony F. O'Brien: I think, Tom, the other thing I would add just from our, the outlook we gave for the bookings, keep in mind, as we always have, our bookings are factored. Okay, so we try to take that into account when we give the guidance as well. And then regarding going back to George's question and around the backlog adjustments, one thing I will point out, some of those do come back in the form of other new work, maybe not on the same program but other programs as well. So it's not always necessarily a one-for-one decrease to the backlog.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah so, consistent with what we've talked about in the past, Sam, when we look at how we deploy our capital, we think of it from a balanced approach, and that hasn't changed. Share buyback is still a key component of that. Relative to your question on the cadence, I think the cadence is going to be, sitting here today, similar to what we saw in 2016. That said, the beauty of our balanced approach, it allows us to flex across the different elements of how we deploy capital, and we'll continue to evaluate that. We do see incremental value in our stock for all the reasons we've talked about in the past, relative to our international position where our technology investments are and how aligned they are for the future with the DoD. I mentioned earlier Forcepoint continues to be a long-term growth and value creation play, and that hasn't changed. So we'll continue to evaluate that. We said it before. We're going to be prudent in our allocation of capital. And if we think accelerating from what we did from a cadence point of view on the buyback in 2016 makes sense in 2017, we won't be afraid to make that change.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, so when we embarked on the footprint reduction initiative several years ago, our focus was becoming more competitive, more efficient, and we have done that, right, along the way. We have reduced on a gross basis just about 8 million square feet. We reduced about 1.4 million gross in 2016. There are still some elements of that that are ongoing. Think of the reduction we have anticipated here in 2017 related to that of around 700,000 to 800,000 square feet. So we're still focused on that. And again, we're finding ways to do things more efficiently, be more cost competitive, and at the same time continue to work and improve our margins. I'll be honest. I don't remember what the exact bogie was for how the impact of that was going to flow through, but we have seen an improvement. Just as a reminder, we get the instant year improvement that we flow through to the bottom line, but then in subsequent years, we update our rates and we price that into our future contracts. But we're definitely on target with that and seeing the benefits we expected.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, let me just start off. I'll start it off and I'll hand it off to Toby for some additional color. Forcepoint in our mind is meeting our expectations. In fact, I was just at their sales kickoff. We have restructured that business after the acquisitions. We have a solid strategy in place for the business. We have brought in a new CEO last year, Matt Moynahan, along with a strong CFO for that business. And so I believe we're off to a great start in 2017. One of the key elements that we were working on in 2016 was the transfer from mostly I would call it a small to medium enterprise type customer base, to a large enterprise, a very large enterprise customer base. And we had some significant uptick in being able to achieve bookings and sales with large enterprises and very large enterprises last year. And that looks like that's continuing into 2017. So it's following our strategy there to essentially take Forcepoint to the next level relative to its market area. The other element is we've also improved several of its products and solution sets in the marketplace. As you probably know, cyber threat is not getting less. It's getting more. And we've developed some new products, especially relative to behavioral analytics, that we believe will be very unique to the marketplace, but also something that can help sustain businesses in terms of their attacks against the whole cyber threat area. I'll -- then I'll turn it over to Toby. We are making investment next year. One of the things, the struggles that we had is the business has gone from – to about $250 million a year revenue, and we ended this 2016 at about close to $600 million in revenue. So we're doing some infrastructure upgrades to be able to support that size of a business.
Thomas A. Kennedy: So Carter, I'll jump in on the tax. Obviously we've been following this very closely. Unfortunately right now, there's not been a lot of specifics laid out in terms of how the new administration is going to approach the tax reform. I can tell you that 31% of our business is international and therefore export. So the question is how will that be looked at. Because as part of that, approximately 19% of that is direct commercial sale, which is a pure export, but then about 12% of that is FMS. So we're really trying to understand how the new administration is going to look at what the definition of export is. In terms of any imports, that's less than 5% of our total costs. So in any case, if there is some type of tax effort or reform put out that has an advantage relative to exports, we'll more than likely get a significant tailwind from that.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yeah Robert, I think it's a great question. And just make sure that you understand that our guidance, essentially assuming what we know about the fiscal year 2017 budget today, we did not put any windage on this relative to anything that the new administration is going to do relative to readiness in 2017. I think the picture right now is a little cloudy relative to how much of changes will occur in the 2017 budget. So what we've done is we've tried to base our guidance on what we know for sure, and that is essentially that a budget that has been worked in Congress to date. And so, if you think that's conservative, then that's conservative.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes, so I think one of them is we are seeing several NATO countries I would say getting closer to the 2% of their GDP in terms of investments in defense. And so that obviously is healthy for us. We are seeing a significant interest in, I call it, the deterrence element of our three buckets sometimes I talk about. And really that is to be able to have systems that can deter a major threat from encroaching their borders. And so we are seeing that in Poland. We are obviously working through a major Patriot effort there. Another European country is moving forward with a Patriot buy, and so we are obviously following that very closely. There is also a replenishment on weapons for the NATO countries. And so we are actively involved in working with several countries in that area. So it's all the way from missile defense all the way into integrated air and missile defense also and then even down to weapons replenishment. So we're seeing it across all those three product areas.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, we could potentially see some bookings, but we're not going to see significant revenue in 2017. That's going to start 2018 and out on the international. The domestic, we just received a major $250 million award just here in the last couple weeks from the United States Navy. So we're seeing obviously, the domestic side is significantly picking up. This is a system that just has come out of development here in the last year. It's already gone into production, and we're seeing demand signals in the international marketplace. The good news is we now have approval to sell into the international marketplace. So bottom line is, it's all upside moving forward on SM-6.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Okay, so I'll start with AMDR. AMDR is in test at the Pacific Test Range out in Hawaii. It's having great results there. Obviously there is a lot of demand signals from the operational Navy side to get that into use as soon as possible. But initially, it goes onto DDG-51s in line and production, and then it goes into back-fit into the older DDG-51s. So we see a transition into, starting a transition into production in the late 2018. There is also, we've already been turned on to long lead for the AMDR and long lead material. And we see that picking up, essentially the production transition in 2018 and beyond. On Next Generation Jammer, Next Generation Jammer has entered into the main EMD phase of that program. So that will also be transitioning into production in the 2020 type range. One other one you didn't mention, Howard, was we did win the Navy EASR program, which is a smaller radar than AMDR but essentially based on the AMDR architecture. So between AMDR and EASR, we have the majority of the radars that go on surface Navy ships. And as you know, one of the keys of the administration's efforts moving forward is to increase the number of ships, which then will drive the number of EASRs and AMDRs that are going to be required. So we have a lot of expectations for those two franchises to take off here in the next three to five years.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, I think there is -- let me talk about the demand signals and how they're coming in. And I'll talk about them in terms of the three buckets again. One is the counterterrorism, counterinsurgency area there. So there is a heavy demand for precision weapons, munitions in that area to minimize collateral damage but yet be able to strike at the terrorists, in this case here, the ISIS. As you know, the new administration has also made I guess a statement here that they are going to go after ISIS. So we see a significant demand pull in terms of these precision munitions, obviously all coming out of missile company. The second bucket is the deterrence, and that gets into missile defense. And again, with the near pure threats, also with some rogue nations, that's driving significant demand signals there, not only in the United States but also with our international coalition partners. So that's where the other strong demand area is. And then in this third bucket is these future Third Offset strategy type systems, and that we're heavily involved in. We mentioned one brand new system called this HAWC, DARPA hypersonic weapons. So we're getting significant demand signals from each of those buckets and we're meeting those demand signals with the technology investments we made. And also now we are making investments in our factory to be able to expand, to be able to support the demand signals and the quantities that we're seeing come down the pike. And obviously you're seeing this in AMRAAMs, which is our air-to-air missiles. You're seeing that in all the precision air-to-ground weapons, and then also in our missile defense, which I mentioned the SM-6. So bottom line is you are absolutely correct. Missiles will be a leader in the business in terms of revenue and also new bookings here over the next several years.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes, let me take that on. Obviously, CRAD is important to us for several reasons. One obviously is that it develops new technology which makes us more competitive in the marketplace, but also gets us in up front working with customers. Since it is CRAD, since it is contracted, we are not just doing the IRAD on ourselves, building the field of dreams, we are working hand in glove with a customer, making sure that we're meeting their demand signals, we're meeting their needs, their capability needs. So in that case, it's very focused technology development to meet a customer's needs, with the customer involved. So that's why it's really important. And that CRAD technology then rolls to the next part, which will then turn into EMD programs, engineering, manufacturing, development programs, which then will lead into production programs. So that's why the CRAD is so important. It gives us essentially a leg up in terms of new competitions coming online to win those competitions, get into these EMD programs, and then transition them into production, creating new franchises.
