Christopher Calio: Hey, Myles, this is Chris. Thanks for the question. Look, agree, we'd like to be seeing the margins improving at a bit of a faster rate. But there are some real positives in this business when you step back. Most of it will be the backlog. If you think about the book-to-bill over the last 12 months, it's a 1.43, which is really phenomenal, with some key wins in some potential franchise areas. As Neil noted in his remarks, we did have a contract option exercise in the first quarter. It's a good business. Let's make no mistake about that. But because of the accounting resulted in a bit of a negative impact, about 100 basis points. If you exclude that, it would put RMD at a bit over 10%, sort of in line with where we were in Q4. As you sort of look ahead to the RMD margin profile, the two principal drivers of that margin improvement are going to be material flow and flow in our factory. And of course, just absorption brought on by higher material receipts and of course, the labor that goes with it. So if you think about the factory flow, we had a 15% increase in Q4 in terms of material sheets. Another 5% here in Q1, and we're starting to see the results in the factory. You heard Greg talk prior about kit fill rates being in the 50s. The material flow that we've seen lately has brought the kit fill rate up into the low 70s. Our historical rate is in more the mid-80s. But as we continue to drive more material, you'll see more material flow in the factories, getting those kit fill rates up. And that's going to reduce the period of performance. And then again, the second one, again, is just math. With increasing material volume in labor, we're going to see better absorption of our fixed and indirect support costs. So more productivity there. So that's the margin sort of profile and story in RMD.
Christopher Calio: Hey, Rob, this is Chris. Maybe just a comment on the OE deliveries. Greg mentioned stabilization in the supply chain. I would say on structural castings, we continue to see some improvement, and that's obviously critical for Pratt. If you think about the key constrained castings at Pratt, they are up about 30% sequentially this quarter. Now that's not to the level of flow that we need. We continue to see some manpower sort of labor challenges in that supply chain, and we're taking some actions to try to address that, whether it be offload, whether it be helping to improve yields in the manufacturing process. But we are lockstep with Airbus on their demand for the year. And we are hand-to-mouth right now given some of the constraints. But again, lockstep with the demand, and that will continue to increase as we move into the back half of the year.
Christopher Calio: Yes. And just to build on that, Ron, this is Chris. This is why that we are running as fast as we can to continue to insert upgrades into the fleet during shop visits. We've talked before about the sort of the block D upgrades, which are really aimed at combustor hot section, improving time on wing in those areas. That's only about we're only about 50% of the way through the fleet in terms of those upgrades. And so again, we've had some part constraints and shortages and labor in our MRO network, which has which has impacted our ability to output MRO to the levels that we and our customers want, which is why we're adding more capacity to that MRO network. You heard me talk about the new Japanese facility, delta, obviously, a top-tier provider joining the network helpful there as well. So adding capacity to networks where we continue to accelerate these upgrades and improve the time on wing. At the end of the day, that's what it's all about. In addition to the contract mix that Greg talked about, it's also about accelerating our repair development, making sure that we've got a full suite of repairs in our MRO networks so that we're not always having to replace parts. We can repair parts at a better cost and improve turn times.
Neil Mitchill: Myles, this is Neil. Yes, I expect that to accelerate as the year goes on. But I would point to the second half. As Chris said, with the kit fill rates in the 70s, as that grows into the 80s and then higher as the year progresses, you'll see the productivity, the confidence around our ability to shorten that period of performance improve. And that will show up in the EACs. The other thing I'll say is that option we had, again, as Chris said, good business. There may be another one. But again, this is really good business coming on the heels of increased customer demand. So we'll be sure to continue to talk about that. But I think the fundamentals of the backlog are strong. As we look at the margin embedded in that backlog, it's above 10%, and that gives us the confidence that, that margin expansion will come over time.
Neil Mitchill: Maybe I'll just add about the margin profile of Pratt. Obviously, as we look at the rest of the year, Noah, we expect the engine deliveries to increase. Think about between 35% and 40% year-over-year. You saw 42% in the first quarter. That will obviously come with some negative engine margin headwind. I would put a number around $250 million in terms of rest of year NEM headwind that would then, coupled with the strong aftermarket that we're expecting to continue at Pratt, you'll see that margin sort of level out as the year goes on and those engine deliveries increase.
Neil Mitchill: Okay. So let me start on the aftermarket. 14% Pratt & Whitney consolidated level aftermarket growth on top of 37% a year ago. So when I think about that, it's still very strong growth. We have seen shop business increased low double digits here in the first quarter, and we expect that to continue as the rest of the year continues, Rob. I would tell you that the legacy engines remain very strong, even the PW2000s and 4000s. On the V2500, the shop visits continue. They are paced by some of the structural casting issues that we've talked about. So I think as we've seen improvement there, and I'll let Chris talk about that in a minute, we do expect to see accelerated growth in terms of the Pratt & Whitney aftermarket on a full year basis. We still think Pratt's aftermarket will be up 20% to 25% year-over-year. So nothing concerning in the first quarter results, as you know, incredible demand as we look at the rest of the year for the flying fleets of the Pratt engines.
Neil Mitchill: Chris, maybe just to add on to that a little bit. The key constrained structural castings, that 30% is a sequential improvement in the number of castings that we've been able to get in the first quarter. So continue to have the challenges, but good sign as we gain momentum starting the year.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Thanks, Matt. Certainly, working capital was a drag on the quarter. I would say about -- we typically see a breakeven-ish type cash flow. We were expecting probably a slight outflow. It's obviously a little bit worse than that. About $500 million of that I would characterize as an inventory build. The silver lining here is that with the easing of the supply chain constraints, we've seen an incredible amount of inventory come in. We're also looking to balance that and make adjustments in our MRP as we look at the rest of the year, but about I'd call $500 million of the excess there associated with the inventory build, we increased our inventory $700 million. So we plan to grow our inventory and sort of a good news situation, it grew a little bit further. I fully expect that to turn the other way as we go through the rest of the year. On the contract asset side, that really was in our defense businesses. Again, the seasonality of those businesses is that we invest in the products. We ship them, and then we make milestone collections as we meet performance milestones. I expect those performance milestones to be met as we go through the rest of the year. So again, slightly higher than we had planned. We did get those billings out in early April, and they've already been collected. So I'm not concerned about that. Then the last piece we saw in terms of the first quarter was a slight increase in our receivables, probably about a couple of hundred million dollars. And frankly, that's due to the timing of sales. They came a little bit later in March. We'll collect that here in the second quarter.  So as we look at the rest of the year and I think about getting from the outflow of $1.4 billion, up to our objective of 4.8 or so, here's how I would characterize that walk. The majority of that is going to come from profit that we've yet to realize. So nearly $5.5 billion, $6 billion there. We expect working capital to be flat year-over-year. So we'll have an improvement of about $2.7 billion, about half of which will come from inventory. We've got some puts and takes, a few hundred million dollars net of taxes and pension and then, of course, a little under $2 billion of capital, CapEx left to go in the year. And if you do all that math, you get to about the $4.8 billion. If you look at the fourth quarter of last year, I think we generated about $2.2 billion of cash. So I do expect it to be back ended, but turning cash positive in the second quarter, pretty consistent with what we saw last year, which was in the $750 million range and that's after absorbing about $650 million of incremental cash taxes that we'll pay here in the second quarter because of the R&D impact. So we feel confident in the full year. Obviously, a lot to do, but it's nice to have the inventory given the strength of the demand that we're all seeing here in the business.
Neil Mitchill: Four questions. Let me seat back and remember them all. Here we go. So in the first quarter, as I think about the 8.3% margin for Pratt, there are really two things that I would point to. Clearly, we had the drop-through from the aftermarket growth. So you have that. We also had a favorable contract matter settled. That was about $50 million or $60 million. So that won't repeat, but it was good news. And we also had -- we had year-over-year headwind in negative engine margin of about $50 million. But obviously, I expect as we go through the rest of the year, as I said earlier, about another $250 million of headwind as those engine volumes step up. So I think that's the Pratt story. We clearly will see the continue to grow in the remainder of the year. We'll get good drop-through on that, and that should help to partially offset the negative engine margin headwind that will come with the higher engine deliveries. The other piece of that in terms of thinking about the GTF and time on wing, basically, what I can say is our estimates today contemplate everything that we know about the engine. We feel very comfortable with where we are with our contract accounting. And any challenges in terms of cost or additional resources we need to put into that area are already contemplated in the outlook that we have for Pratt and for RTX as a whole. So I don't see that as being a headwind against our expectations for the year. I feel like I missed one of those.
Neil Mitchill: To your point, Greg, and Ron, you're 100% right, the gear and the fuel burn performance have been spot on in meeting expectations. Keep in mind, this was a new architecture, and we've had some learnings along the way. The only thing I'll remind you, I kind of mentioned this in my remarks, we had a similar journey on the V2500. And it took us a while to get to the levels today that people are enjoying on the V2500. Big difference, of course, has been the ramp up on the GTF has been massive ramp versus when the V went into service. So there's a little bit more, I would say, time and buffer to help manage that fleet as it was entering into service. But the playbook is there on the V. We've got to follow it on the GTF.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks for the question, Rob. I think what I would say about the growth at Collins right now is the majority of it is still coming from the narrow-body. We have started to see wide-body begin to improve. I don't have the exact number in front of me on that mix today. But as we think about the wide-body environment, those volumes are coming up. I would say, particularly seeing that in the interiors business on the OE side, as they continue to take those production levels up. And as you said, today, I think Collins is more in the -- on the OE side, probably about 30% of their OE sales relate to widebody, with about 40% from narrowbody. And then on the aftermarket side -- I'm sorry -- let me just stop there. I think that's enough for those numbers right now.
Neil Mitchill: Volume. Clearly, volume, as we continue to ramp back up to levels that we saw pre-pandemic, are going to be the tailwind, if you will, on a per engine reduction in negative engine margin. As you'll recall, we were already producing in the high 50s rate as we kind of entered into 2020. And when you think about the headwind we saw here in the first quarter on 40% higher volume, we're getting good absorption as we continue to take up those engine volumes. I expect that to continue. We're always working productivity. We're working productivity to offset the growing costs that we're seeing, particularly on the casting side. So we're doing all of those things. But I would say what's going to drop to the bottom line is going to be driven by that higher volume and the absorption that comes from that.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks for that question, Ken. Clearly, the first quarter was a good strong start. Collins has lot of operating profit growth in our year-over-year plan between 750 and 825 and certainly seeing a little over $200 million of that happen in the first quarter was encouraging. And I think when you look at the provisioning numbers that we saw from Collins, very strong, obviously. I think a lot of that was driven by these airlines getting ready to put their fleets up in the air and be prepared to continue to fly through the summer travel season. It's certainly a watch item today, I would say. Our aftermarket outlook for Collins is in the low teens plus range. So certainly, a positive indicator, but it's one quarter into the year. It's a little early to kind of take those numbers up. But certainly, if they continue at this level, there will be goodness. And we'll see that goodness drop to the bottom line. But certainly, a great start driven by all the right things. The China reopening certainly gave a boost in the first quarter for Collins. And as we see OE deliveries continue to at least stabilize and grow as the year goes on. And I think that too will add some tailwind there. But a little early to kind of give a bigger number at this point.
Neil Mitchill: So let me take the first one. I think we can take it offline, Cai, and Jennifer can help you a little bit. But I think as we look at the volume uptick as we go through the rest of the year, you'll find that when you combine that with the mix of new and spare engines that our negative engine margin is stable, if not reducing a little bit. So I feel good about that. There's a number of different engine families that make that up. So we don't see any issues there in terms of cost headwinds or degradation on a per engine basis as the rest of the year goes. As you think about the aftermarket, a couple of thoughts there. I had mentioned that we were addressing and dealing with material flow and availability. Certainly, the castings are playing a part in that in terms of allocations amongst MRO and OE deliveries. But we did see price improvements in the Pratt & Whitney portfolio as we do every year, and the volume is also dropping through. The content on the shop business is also stepping up across almost all segments of Pratt & Whitney, large and the small engine business as well. So we're seeing the right momentum there. And I do expect that as we continue to see the casting improvements alleviate as the year goes on, you'll see that also drop through in the top and bottom line.
Gregory Hayes: No, let me start. It's Greg. First of all, on the pricing side, with all of the inflation that we've seen over the last 18 months, I would say Pratt and Collins were both relatively aggressive last year in catalog price increases. And so I think we are seeing some of the benefits of that aftermarket part increase. But keep in mind, on GTF, for instance, more than 75% of all of those customers are on long-term support agreements. So you really aren't seeing the benefit of pricing there. Similarly, on the OEM contracts, again, we have some benefit of pricing, but it is very limited based upon the indices. Obviously, there's a dead band there. So we're not getting, I would say, a lot of pricing power today. It's not to say that we won't improve as time on wing, as Chris was talking about, improves, margins will improve, but pricing is not the driver of this. This is really demand-driven is what's driving top line here.
Gregory Hayes: Yes. Peter, let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Chris. But look, we had a very, very strong bookings quarter at RMD. Obviously, the Patriot, $1.2 billion for Switzerland. So that's a war we've been working on for a number of years. It's the 18th country to be a Patriot operator. But we see continuing demand that even is still not in the backlog. We know -- for instance, so far, we've only seen about $2 billion of awards related to Ukraine munitions replenishment. We expect that we'll see more of that coming up later this year and into next year. We also know that as LTAMDS, which is the Patriot upgrade system, is certified later this year, that we'll start to see orders internationally for LTAMDS also start to pick up as well as the U.S. DoD. Also, I think, you're going to see very strong bookings on SPY-6. SPY-6 is the new radar system for the Navy. We've had the initial low rate production contract on that, but again, much more to come on SPY-6, not just this year but into the future. On top of that, of course, AMRAAM continues to be very, very solid. There's Tomahawk, which will eventually be replaced by the LRSO. The fact is the backlog at RMD is only going to grow, we think, over the next couple of years. I think, again, one of the issues that RMD has, if you will, is you're going to see lower margins on some of these new development contracts, which is depressing the margin this year and next. That will start to turn around as we get into 2025, but it's going to take some time, but that is going to grow. And the other piece of the puzzle we don't really talk a lot about is the other international customers. Right now, our international sales in RMD are only about 30%. That's below historical levels. That should also improve as we get into LTAMDS, the next generation of AMRAAM delivery. So lots of good news out there. And for us, it's just a question of getting it out the door at this point. As Chris mentioned, we still are constrained from a supply chain standpoint, although it's getting a hell of a lot better. We still have work to do, and we talked about structural castings at Pratt. For RMD, it's all about rocket motors. And that impacts TOW, that impacts Javelin, that impacts Stingers, that impacts SM-6, SM-3. So again, as we work through those supply chain issues on rocket motors that should also drive extraordinary growth in the top line over the next couple of years.
Gregory Hayes: Ron, let me I'll turn it over to Chris. Obviously, Chris is intimately familiar with this having run the commercial engine business in Pratt. I would say the one bright spot is most of those contracts were eight to 10 years in length. If you think about it, they were -- this engine was introduced back in 2015. So as you think about the long-term outlook, I am very confident margins are going to improve because we'll have a chance to relook at some of those contracts. But obviously, there's a challenge today with margins because time on wing is not what we expected it to be. Reliability and durability are the two issues. And reliability is great. 99.98% dispatch reliability. Time on wing is the challenge. But again, I think as Chris explained, we've got some solutions to that, which we'll see over the next couple of years.
Gregory Hayes: I think to your point, Ron, the gear has proved to be extremely reliable. We have not seen a gear failure out there in any of the 3,000 engines or so that we've delivered. But again, we're operating in some very harsh environments. And I would tell you that we probably didn't spend enough time testing for those harsh environments, specifically places like India. And that's where we've seen the lower life on the combustor. We've seen some lower life the turbine blades just because of the harsh conditions there. So as we move forward to Chris' point, we have the advantage coming online. It's got a lot more testing. It's got all the learnings from the existing fleet. This should be significantly more durable out there in terms of time on wing. It's going to take us a couple of years before we can get all of those upgrades introduced.
Gregory Hayes: Yes. In terms of 737 MAX, I think current production rate is about 31 a month. Boeing had talked about moving that up to 37 a month by the end of the year. I would tell you, Collins is right now, I think we're all set at the 31 a month. And it might get a little bit better during the course of the year. But I think, again, that wouldn't be an issue in terms of our ability to ramp production to meet that. But right now, again, I think Boeing has got some challenges. We'll hear what they have to say here in another day or so. But we're, I would say, in constant contact with both Boeing and Airbus on OEM rates both at Pratt and at Collins. So no surprises there to think of or to talk about. As far as rocket motors, obviously, the potential acquisition by L3Harris of Rocketdyne is something that we have been discussing. The -- there's always a concern, I think, when you have one of your key suppliers going through a merger or an acquisition is that they lose focus on delivering and quality. And we are, again, laser focused. We've got folks out at Aerojet Rocketdyne every single day. We'll see what happens. I know there's a second request right now with L3Harris as it relates to their potential acquisition. And we have been obviously in contact with everyone as it relates to that. So we'll have to see what happens. But I would tell you, in the current antitrust environment, no deal is certain until it is actually done. So we'll have to see how this plays out and make sure that, again, the Aerojet Rocketdyne continues to focus on delivery and not get distracted by this deal.
Gregory Hayes: Yes. I mean, Cai, the key for Pratt in terms of the aftermarket really goes back to V2500. And we see very strong input. I think shop visits were up more than 10% here in the quarter. So the pricing is a part of it, to Neil's point, but really, it is the volume coming back into the shops as these engines are flying more.
Gregory Hayes: Well, thank you, everyone, for listening in today. As always, Jennifer and her team will be around to answer all of your questions over the next couple of days. Thanks again for listening and take care. We'll see you. Bye.
