Neil Mitchill: Maybe I’ll just put a little color around the kind of hill that we’re looking at for the second half. At RMD, one of the big challenges is the material receipts. We talked in the first quarter about sort of COVID-induced labor issues in the supply chain. We expected that to get better in the second quarter, and it did not. And in fact, it got a little bit worse. When I look at the second half of the year, RMD in particular, needs to see about a 25% volume step-up in dollars in the second half versus the first half. Obviously, our new outlook for RMD reflects that. And at RIS, material is also an important part of their products, and it’s about a 15% step-up in the second half. So those are the metrics that we’re monitoring on a daily and weekly basis. As it relates to their performance, the only other thing, Greg, I would add is productivity. So one of the big reasons, I’d say about half of the drop in the margin at RMD in the second quarter was related to lost productivity, the absence of productivity. And our profit outlook for the remainder of the year for RMD reflects us not catching up on that productivity given the kit fill rate issues that you talked about.
Neil Mitchill: Yes, two points because there has been a compounding impact that we have seen in the second quarter and expect to persist. And one is with the slowdown of receipts of material. We got a different mix of output during the quarter, more development program focused, and our lower margin production contracts were the ones that received the materials. So, getting back to that fill rate conversation, you had the stuff that was coming in not being on the more profitable programs. The second piece of that, the knockdown effect of that is the absence of labor productivity in the shops. And so with the fill rates being down in that 50% range, we just did not get the benefit of rolling through labor efficiencies, which is the primary driver of the EAC benefits we typically see in a quarter and RMD has seen. Now in the second half, we expect some, not all of that, to recover. And so it is a tough hill in the second half. I think we have got the right resources to engage with suppliers and within the business and on the shop floors. But we are looking at this every day, and we do need to see a market improvement in productivity in the shops to drive that P&L benefit in the second half of the year.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Let me start with some of the outlook pieces here. First, at Collins, we now expect aftermarket to be up between 20% and 25% year-over-year. So, we are at the halfway mark of the year. I think it’s important. I have been talking a lot about the uncertainty around the recovery, and we are pleased to see that improving, obviously, and holding. I think Greg will probably want to add a couple of comments here as well. But clearly, the demand for air travel is very strong. We are seeing some encouragement in terms of the wide body routes opening up as well and expect that to continue in the second half. And on the Pratt side, we now see the aftermarket up year-over-year 25%. So, really good performance there. Our customers are giving us good line of sight to shop visit inductions. We are a little over 40% towards our plan for the year in terms of V2500 shop visits. There is still some work to be done in the back half of the year. As you know, China was closed down for the better part of the second quarter, and that is a piece of the back half growth. But we feel pretty confident. We have got a good dialogue with our customers, good line of sight to the third quarter in particular, and I expect that to continue in the fourth quarter.
Greg Hayes: Let’s be clear, Ron, this does not get solved this year. I think, again, getting to a kit fill rate of 80% is interesting. But literally, we need to be at 95% to be running at I would say, a normal pace. It is a lot of work. We’ve done a lot of, I would say, deep dive reviews on supply chain, going through supplier by supplier. That’s why we’ve got people out of all of these different suppliers, making sure they are meeting their commitments. I think the only thing that’s going to solve labor availability, I hate to say this, is a slowdown in the economy because right now, there just simply aren’t enough people in the workforce for all of our suppliers. And look, we pay a very, very competitive wage at RTX. But as you go down into the second, third and fourth tier of the supply chain, they are struggling to attract workers. But again, we’ve got people out there. I would tell you, as we’ve done these reviews, we have a path to get there. It is not an easy path. It is going to be a challenge throughout the year. And we will see how we do – we’re tracking material receipts day by day, and it’s a big hill.
Greg Hayes: As we look at it this year, Rob, we’ve got about $200 million of additional inflation headwind that we didn’t anticipate when we started the year. So that $200 million, we’ve had to go out. We’ve done a number of initiatives looking to ways within the supply chain to eliminate that headwind. And so far, we’ve done a pretty good job of that. Keep in mind, that’s on top of about $300 million of headwind from the Russia exit that we had earlier in the year. So I would tell you, the team has done a good job in managing cost and finding ways to overcome some of the headwinds that we’ve seen. On the commercial side, again, the LTA coverage at 80% really provides you a lot of coverage with inflation. Now there is dead bands in there and excess inflation above some levels. Usually 6% or 7% gets shared with the supplier. But for the most part, we’ve been able to manage through that. On the defense side, what we’ve seen – again, we’ve seen labor inflation clearly. We’ve been able to put most of that, though, into our overhead rates, and that gets recovered in the normal contracting process. We’ve also seen, again, just inflation in the supply chain. But again, most – well, I would say, at least 30% of the work that we have is cost type at RMD. And so you’re able to pass that along. And right now, again, I think one of the reasons we continue to push this on the RMD side is to make sure that we can overcome the inflationary impacts that we’re seeing in the supply chain there. So I think, again, we need to learn the lessons of how we manage this from the commercial side. And going to more LTAs, I think, is absolutely essential if we’re going to be able to have some kind of consistency in terms of supply chain going forward.
Greg Hayes: Yes. Thanks, David. Let me – just on the GTF side. I would tell you, right now, we continue to deliver GTS behind schedule. And we will not catch up, as I think I said back in February until the end of the year. And this is – again, goes back to a single issue around structural castings. We’re not holding up the line at Airbus. That’s the good news with the 1100. We’re not holding up the line on the 1500s either on the C Series or I guess, the A220. So we’re managing this with the customers. We’re managing this with the supply chain. And we really expect – again, you’re going to see a big step-up in the back half of the year on GTF deliveries. As you think about your Pratt had a great first half. Second half, again, even with the recovery in commercial aftermarket, it’s going to be tough because you got a lot more negative engine margin in the back half of the year. So again, that all goes into the calculus of the full year guidance. But I would tell you right now, there is no other surprises on GTF beyond those structural castings. And there is always little things, David, but nothing huge. On the Pratt Canada side, you’re exactly right on titanium. And again, this is primarily around the sanctions and our inability to continue to buy nor our desire to buy anything from Russia. So we have been working to identify second sources, qualify them. I will tell you we will impact production lines at a number of our customers. I’m sure you’re going to hear that from them as well on the biz jet side. We’re just not going to be able to make all the deliveries. Now we’re not talking about dozens and dozens of aircraft, but you’re talking 5 to 10 airplanes at these customers that are going to be without engines because we don’t have the titanium forgings that we had expected to get this year. So again, this will recover sometime in the middle of next year, but there is still a lot of work to do to get these suppliers re-qualified. And I think every single person in commercial aerospace is facing the same problems with Russian titanium. The fact is it wasn’t a huge piece of the supply chain, but it was 20% plus of global titanium and we are all going after those same resources. Interestingly, we were in the Farnborough last week. I had a good conversation with a number of our suppliers on this. People are stepping up. People understand this is a long-term business, and I think the suppliers of titanium see this as a big opportunity to take share. So, we will work through it, but it’s not going to be without a little bit of pain to our customers.
Greg Hayes: Well, we are probably – in terms of identifying the sources and the contracts, I would say, we are almost complete. The issue simply is getting the parts qualified. You have got to go through a first article. You got to go through the metallurgical analysis. You got to make sure that the composition of material is exactly the same as what it was prior. And then you got to get the parts certified. So, that’s the part that takes time. It’s not actually identifying the suppliers. We have done that. We have got everything lined up. The same thing on heat exchangers. Recall, we made a number of different commercial heat exchangers in – at our joint venture in Moscow. All that work was discontinued on the 27th of February, and we are still working through the requalification of heat exchangers. And that’s 787s, that’s 777s, that’s Embraer 170. There is a number of issues that are now – we have got coverage for titanium for most of those or for heat exchangers through the end of the year, and we are working through the requal there. But we are not done yet. There is a lot of work to do.
Greg Hayes: Yes. Noah, that is a great point. I would tell you, when we exited the first quarter, and we knew that we had seen supply chain challenges, specifically at RMD, and the thought was, and which turned out to be, of course, incorrect, was that most of the supply chain challenges were related to Omicron, and that’s why we had ones in December or in January, but we really expect it as COVID receded into the background that we would see a quick recovery in the supply chain. And in fact, that was wrong. The labor challenges that we continue to see have not abated. And again, I think that is the challenge, and that’s the reason we continue to struggle in supply chain. Inflation is a challenge, but we can measure it, we can work to overcome it. Not having enough people in the supply chain, that has proven to be much more difficult. And so again, we have gone through this, I would tell you, program-by-program, line item-by-line item in terms of what’s in our MRP schedule. And there are some go-gets out there, but we have commitments from suppliers to hit these numbers. And I think that’s the – that is the challenge is making sure that our suppliers continue to deliver on the recovery plans that they have laid out for us. I don’t know, Neil, anything you want to…
Greg Hayes: Yes. Sheila, all I would say is that it’s an interesting time for the commercial aerospace business. Demand is – unprecedented is the wrong word. I would say the trajectory of the recovery certainly I think caught people by a surprise in terms of the desire to travel again. And you can tell every time you go to an airport today the long lines that we have. And the problem, of course, is it’s not just pilot shortages, but it’s baggage handlers. It’s TSA agents, it’s everybody that supports commercial airlines. They are struggling with the same labor availability that we talked about in the supply chain. So, the recovery is very strong. Pricing, as you know, for the airlines is very strong. Fuel prices, Jet A has doubled in price in the last year. But it’s come off of its eyes a couple of months ago. So, I think again, the airlines financially are doing very well. And the biggest concern they have is aircraft availability. And so we are going to see very strong inductions into the shop. We have seen very strong orders in our aftermarket and getting a little bit stronger than we had anticipated going into the second quarter. And we don’t think there is anything that changes that trajectory in the back half of the year. Absent a huge resurgence in COVID, I think again, people want to travel. China will reopen at some point, which we have seen a quick snapback in demand as soon as China reopens. So, I think it’s all pointing in a positive direction on commercial aero for the back half of the year and into 2023. So, I think again, we are well along the recovery path and no change in trajectory.
Greg Hayes: Yes. Look, one of the – one of the benefits on the commercial side is we are not handicapped with government contracting regulations. And to that end, the MMS, material management system, which dictates how much inventory we can drive and how soon we can place things on order, really constrains our ability to be flexible on the defense side. I would tell you the reason that we have been able to be successful on the commercial side is we have driven a lot of inventory in. You look at the inventory, it’s up about $1 billion since the beginning of the year. It’s up about $400 million in the second quarter, primarily on the commercial side to meet the higher demand. So, we have been driving material in faster. We are not constrained on the commercial side by the MMS system. And I think again, that is a lesson learned for us. And what we told the team in defense is bring it in. We don’t have to build it. We had to bring in more inventory sooner rather than within normal lead times, that’s okay. So, we are going to go out and be a little more aggressive with inventory. We are not talking billions of dollars, but the fact is we need to drive inventory in faster and give some surety of supply or surety of demand rather to our supply chain, such as they continue to drive material in. And look, some of the suppliers we know are not going to get better this year. Rocket motors, we have talked about that continually for over a year. We know that’s a recovery that stretches probably into 2024. But that’s only a piece of the problem. I mean it’s again trying to make sure we have got the right chips and microelectronics and really hand-to-mouth there. But again, we have the tools. And again, the folks here at the corporate office and supply chain are off working with the folks on the defense side to help overcome some of these challenges, but it’s not easy.
Greg Hayes: Well, look, it’s – I would tell you, factory automation is something that we have been doing for a number of years. I think about the facility we have at Pratt Canada that went online more than 5 years ago, completely lights out manufacturing. So, we have been making investments, I will call it, an industry 4.0 across all of our factories. We have got the new project down in Dallas, the new factory, automated factory that’s going in down there. You have got Asheville. And Asheville, while it is a large facility, the actual number of employees is only I think about 800 that we are going to be hiring, and we have been actively hiring them today to train them for the opening, which has happened sometime I think at the end of next year. So, look, it will be a challenge. But I would tell you, again, if you work at Pratt & Whitney, work at Collins or anywhere we across the RTX portfolio, we pay very good wages. But labor cost is a very – or direct labor cost, a very small piece of our cost of sales. The bigger challenge I would tell you is on the engineering front. And again, that’s – it’s just trying to find enough qualified engineers with clearances to drive the revenue growth that we have been expecting on all of these programs that we have signed up for. So, inflation is a problem, but we can deal with the inflation. The fact, labor shortages, we can deal with it within our own four walls because we have got really good pay, really good competitive benefits. People come to Raytheon because of our mission. And I think that’s a differentiator that we have in the marketplace. And the hope, of course, is as we see the economy slow down here in the coming months and perhaps year, that we will have the opportunity to continue to drive more folks into both the shop floor as well as into our offices on these programs. As far as automation, we are going to continue to drive automation. It’s what we do to drive cost reduction that we are encouraging suppliers to do the same thing. But it’s all contemplated, I think in the kind of $2.5 billion a year that we spend on CapEx, which is not an insignificant amount.
Greg Hayes: Yes. Look, we will take airfoils first. And I think, again, whether we decide later on to go up the supply chain there, that’s a decision in another relatively large investment. The fact is structural castings require huge capital and I would tell you a workforce that is highly skilled. We are going to start with airfoils. It will take us several years to get up to full run rate production there, and then we will see where we go from there. But really no plans to go beyond structural – I am sorry, to go beyond the airfoils at this point.
Greg Hayes: So look, China remains an incredibly large market for commercial aerospace, is an incredibly important market for commercial aerospace growth over the coming decades. Obviously, the Chinese have a desire to have indigenous aircraft. That’s the C919, maybe the C929 at some point. But the fact is, we think we are going to have – we will continue to work with our partners there. We will continue to utilize supply chain out of China that we have thousands and thousands of parts that come out of China for our commercial aerospace, specifically at Collins, but also some for Pratt Canada and some for Pratt & Whitney. So, look, we are going to continue to work with the Chinese. At the same time, I think we understand the geopolitical realities, and we are also making sure that we have assured supply chain. So, we are looking to make sure we have second sources outside of China in the case that the geopolitical tensions were eye to the point where we are not able to access that supply chain there. That’s a process that’s been ongoing for well over 1.5 years and will continue for the next couple of years, again, thousands of part numbers to do that. But again, we don’t see a decoupling of China from the world the way we have seen a decoupling of Russia from the world after the invasion of Ukraine. Again, it’s – the economy of Russia, relatively small, China is the second largest economy in the world. The decoupling between China and the U.S., I think is impractical and almost impossible to imagine the consequences on the U.S. consumer, the U.S. economy, if we really try to decouple. So, again, the hope here is we find a path forward where we can work together at the same time understanding that we have competing interests. But at the same time, we are retaining a very large presence in China for the commercial aerospace, obviously, not on the defense side. But we understand what we need to do to protect our customers long-term.
Greg Hayes: Okay. So Latif, thank you very much. Appreciate everybody listening in today. Jennifer and team, of course, will be available all day to take your calls and questions, and look forward to seeing you guys sometime early in the fall. Thank you.
