Greg Hayes: Yes Carter, it’s something that we have spent a lot of time on over these past 12 months. We’re fortunate I’ve got Jen Reed sitting here with me, who has been leading that integration effort. I would tell you we’ve realized over $400 million of cost synergies, but there is a lot of work yet to do. We’ve done many of the hard things in terms of reducing staff, making sure the policies are consistent, but again not done with that.  I think the biggest opportunities we still have are on the digital front, where we have a lot of work to do to reduce the number of data centers. We’ve just made a big investment to try and reduce the data centers from more than 30 to less than a dozen. We’re also working on what we call the digital thread - that is, how do you connect everything from product development through operations, supply chain and sustainment.  Lastly, I would tell you it is rolling out our common operating system. You’ll hear more about this in May, but we do need a common operating system. We have 178 manufacturing facilities around the world, and we have work to do to consolidate those yet. We’re making good progress, but it is going to take us some time. It will take us a full four years to realize the $1.3 billion of synergy savings. We made good progress on identifying savings related to procurement, both product and non-product, cost reduction. All of those things are on track, but I would just remind you it’s too early to declare victory. Just like Collins has got now over $500 million of synergies on their way to $600 million, there’s still work to do there. We’re not going to declare victory. 
Greg Hayes: Well look, first of all just to be clear, these are contracts from 2011 through 2013, so there is always surprises like that out there when the DoJ suggested that we defectively priced some contracts. We’ve been doing an investigation, we’ve been working with the DoJ, and I think we appropriately provided for those exposures, as Neil mentioned. I wouldn’t call that a big surprise. What I would tell you, people think about the culture, and it was not that different between the aerospace businesses at legacy UTC and the defense business at Raytheon. The fact is many of our customers on the defense side were the same and the cultures were the same. I think again that has been a pleasant surprise in terms of how easily we have been able to integrate the two businesses culturally and that process will continue, but I would tell you it is going remarkably well for what is probably the largest aerospace and defense merger ever.
Greg Hayes: John, I appreciate the question. I’m not sure we can really answer it. I will say this is an ongoing investigation by DoJ. We have begun our own investigation and as we discover facts, we have been sharing all of those facts with the DoJ. I would tell you again, the dollar amounts are not going to be material in our view today. Again, these are older contracts where it was alleged that we defectively priced some contracts. Again, I can’t get into much more detail than that, but we’ve looked into it, we think there is potential liability for defective pricing clearly, we’re provided for that this quarter, and we’re going to continue to work with DoJ to bring these things to a resolution. I would tell you, these investigations take time. We’re still going through doing some work, but we don’t believe there’s going to be any ongoing impact to any of the businesses as a result of these investigations. We think there were one-off events that occurred--should not have occurred, but they did, and we’re going to clean it up and move on.
Greg Hayes: Well Ron, first of all, it’s nice to be mentioned 39 times - all publicity is good in some respects. But I would tell you the issues--and I think Matthew Bromberg, who is President of our Military Engine Business, explained this pretty well. We’ve actually done a good job on the production or the OEM front in terms of delivering engines. We ended the year on contract; in fact, there were about 50 engines sitting at the final assembly line for the F-35 today. Unfortunately where we didn’t do a great job was at the sustainment center, and we did not provision enough in terms of test equipment and personnel to deal with the volumes that we saw coming into the shop. As a result, there are about 20 aircraft today that are sitting there that do not have a serviceable engine. Now, one of the solutions--I think Matthew pointed this out last week in his testimony, we could take some of those engines from the final assembly line and put them over at the sustainment center and solve this problem tomorrow, but as you know, the color of money for procurement is different than it is for operations and maintenance, so it’s not that easy. But we have committed in working with the customer, with the JPO to put the equipment in place necessary to service the engines such that we get back on, I’ll say contract performance levels by the end of this year. A lot of work to do, but again we were caught by surprise in terms of the amount of hours that were being flown. We were surprised at the scope of the work that was required on some of these, but we will catch up. As far as does this give an entrée to GE to build the F-136 engine, I can’t answer that question completely. I would tell you, though, that is a multi-billion dollar, multi-year effort to bring that engine back in line, and I think again given the cost challenges on the program, it seems unlikely that any of the services are going to spend that kind of money for an extra engine, when in fact our engine is actually performing quite well in service and meeting the reliability targets, meeting the fuel burn targets.  The issue with the F-35 is not capability, it’s sustainment cost, and that is the other thing that we’ve committed to work with the JPO on, is how do we reduce, working with Lockheed, the sustainment cost because that will ultimately be the bigger cost than the initial procurement.
Greg Hayes: Yes, I think you said that exactly correctly, Noah. The fact is there’s still a lot that has to go right in the back half of the year, in these next eight months of the year, so while we’re optimistic based upon the vaccine rollout here and what we’ve seen in China, there is still a tremendous--I mean, keep in mind 40% of Collins’ aftermarket is wide body, and that market is down significantly and it’s not recovering nearly as fast as what we thought it was going to.  So domestic markets better, international markets worse, overall though still confident in the full year guidance, and to Neil’s point, if the recovery happens faster, if the vaccine rollout and we start to see travel to Europe, for instance, in the summer season start to improve, these numbers could be better and you’ll see that in the bottom line. Again, we debated--you know, there could be upside on the top line and bottom line, but it’s April, and so when we see you guys in May, we’ll talk about it again. You’ll have a chance to talk to Steve Timm and to Chris Calio to see what they’re seeing in the marketplace, and then we’ll have a better view obviously by the end of the second quarter. Right now, we’re optimistic but still cautious.
Greg Hayes: Yes Peter, so if you think about engine inductions, Vs, I think we had about 118 Vs into the shop in the first quarter, which is exactly on plan, and we expect that will accelerate, we think, throughout the year as domestic travel recovers. Right now, only about 60% of the V fleet is flying - again, it will come back, and compare that to the GTF powered fleet, which is in the high 80s. So again, there is a little bit of a lag in demand, but we fully expect we’re going to see a big sequential--or a sequential improvement.  We’re not going to get back to 1,000 engines this year, probably not for two more years on the V, but we’re clearly going to trend that way as people need more lift in these domestic markets. That’s actually very encouraging.  As far as the rest of the aftermarket, talking about Pratt Canada, again good traction in their aftermarket. We’re seeing biz jet flying hours are up, as you would imagine, significantly, and that’s translating into some higher aftermarket. Keep in mind most of the engines that we have out there are on a power-by-the-hour arrangement, so we don’t actually recognize the revenue or the cost until we see those engines come back. So flight hours are up, aftermarket is up, but it’s not as much as you might think just because of the nature of the contracts. The one area at Pratt Canada that continues to be a challenge is in the regional marketplace - you know, the PW100, the PW150 for regional transport. That market has been slower to recover. It’s again something we expect to see next year, but certainly not a big uptick this year. Biz jet deliveries, engines are very solid, helicopter engine deliveries solid. It’s really just the regionals that are the challenge right now for Pratt Canada. 
Greg Hayes: David, I don’t know that we want to get into month by month compares. I would say that directionally, that is absolutely correct. January and February were a little scary because, again, we saw an uptick in China in the virus and the U.S. was going through the last wave, and so air traffic was not picking up as fast as what we had expected it to.  That all turned around in March. With the vaccine rollout, with China getting the pandemic under control, things got remarkably better, and what surprised us a little bit was typically when we see a recovery in RPMs, it’s usually three to six months before we see a recovery in demand for parts and repair, but in this case, because you’ve got so many parked aircraft out there - think about 11,000 out of 30,000 around the world are parked today, and yet demand is coming back very quickly in the U.S. and in China. The airlines are actually being proactive in getting the aircraft ready for service in the summer selling season, and that’s really what drove March, what’s driving April, and I think which will benefit second quarter as the airlines are not waiting to see the RPMs. They see it in their advanced bookings and they know they need the lift. This is a very different kind of recovery than what we have seen in the past.
Greg Hayes: Yes, so if you think about the--so the freighters, if you think about Pratt’s installed base of 11,000-plus engines or so, about 10% of that is freighters. Those were old PW4000s, those are the 94-inch 767s and 747s. That has actually been a pleasant surprise, I would tell you, because freighter traffic, as everybody knows, is up significantly year over year, given the push of ecommerce and global supply chain. As we think about the aftermarket for Pratt, it’s not all bad news. Freighter traffic is good. At the same time, we’re starting to see some retirements of some of the older engines out there, not a significant number this year but pretty much in line with what we had expected, especially I think on the 112-inch - that’s the 777. We saw JAL retiring their fleet - not a surprise. It’s 12 months before we thought they were going to retire it, but that will be putting those aircraft down, but those engines will still end up in service someplace else, probably in a freighter configuration.  So again, the older stuff is still out there, it’s still a meaningful piece of the aftermarket. I think it’s about 20--
Greg Hayes: Look, as I look at how sustainable is ecommerce and this trend towards global supply chains, I think this is here to stay. The fact is global supply chains are stretched thin today, and freighters are the most efficient way to get parts from Point A to Point B, so I think this is not just a temporary phenomenon.
Greg Hayes: Okay, thank you everyone for listening in today. I know it’s a busy earnings day out there, but appreciate everybody’s time. Jennifer and Neil and the whole IR team will be available all day today to answer your questions, and we look forward to seeing you or talking to you on May 18. Take care. Bye bye.
Neil Mitchill: No, I don’t think it’s that. I think there’s still three quarters ahead of us, so I need you keep that in mind as we look at the rest of the year. We did see some promising uptick as we were in March of first quarter at Collins and Pratt - you know, some pre-buy, I would call it, for the airlines ahead of the summer travel season, but let me give you a little bit more color on Q2 specifically. We do see segment operating profit growth somewhere between $0.03 and $0.07 for Q2 if you think about that sequentially. We do have some headwinds on the corporate side, so one of the things that we benefited from in the first quarter was reduced corporate expenses in part on interest as we had better than expected cash flow, and so that will lower our interest for the year, as well as we are being more efficient with our synergy investment spend. But that spending on the synergy investment will pick up here in the second quarter, so you’ve got a few--you know, $0.02, $0.03 of headwind on that front in the second quarter as well. As it relates to the second half of the year, we’ll have to wait and see a bit, but certainly the back end of our plan contemplated a real strong summer travel season, and that’s why I think Q2 is going to be so important.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. As you know, our cash flow tends to be back end loaded as we ramp and then deliver through the year. As I think about the first quarter, our free cash flow was better than we expected, probably by about $600 million, all of that attributable to improved working capital. If I break that down for you, think about $300 million of that coming from better than expected customer collections. We were happy to see some customers pay early at the end of the quarter. We had a couple hundred million dollars of improvement in disbursements timing and $100 million better improvement--better than expected performance on inventory. Still a long ways to go to get to our full year $400 million working capital improvement, but good progress.  As I think about Q2, I would expect to see clearly some sequential growth, probably at least doubling, and then more of that in the back half of the year as the sales continue to ramp and collections, as they seasonally do, ramp up.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks Sheila, I’ll take that one. You saw the decrementals today - 47% at Collins, slightly better than what we were seeing last year, so that’s good. The cost containment actions that we’ve implemented are taking hold and continuing. As you think about the rest of the year, we continue to see the incrementals being very strong, probably in the 75% range if you’d average Q2 to Q4, but as you look at Q2, they should be in excess of 100% because you’ll recall that last year, Q2 was our deepest quarter. I’m happy with what the team’s doing there in terms of maintaining that cost control around E&D, SG&A in the factories. They took some difficult steps last year, as you know, and as we started the year, the Collins team has done a nice job of containing the growth in those costs. We will see a little bit of that come back in the second half of the year as Collins as we reinstate merits and furloughs are reduced and volume picks up, but it should be a really good story for the back three quarters of the year.
Neil Mitchill: Sure, so starting with the 787, we are aligned with the Boeing production schedule, so you can think about that being around five ship sets per month. On 737, also aligned with Boeing. I think they’re out there with 161 deliveries expected for the year. As we’ve talked about, Sheila, we have produced and delivered a fair amount of that, a third to a half of that, so the uptick in the 737 OE deliveries will start in the back half of the year.
Neil Mitchill: Yes, thanks Seth, I’ll take that. You’re right - as you think about the guide for the rest of the year for Collins, particularly given some of the strength we saw here in the first quarter, those margins are contained in that range; however, I will say we’re being really smart about the timing of when we spend our E&D and when we reinstate some of the discretionary spending. Those will be natural offsets to what we expect to see in terms of aftermarket growth, but as that aftermarket growth comes, I would expect if it’s better than our plan, then you’ll see it drop through.
Neil Mitchill: Sure, yes. It’s coming from the two places you’d expect it - parts and repair, and mods and upgrades. Provisioning is lagging a little bit, but again that tracks more closely to the commercial OE deliveries, so I’m not surprised to see that. But we are seeing, I’ll call it cautiously encouraging signs as we exited March and started April on the repair intake in particular.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Let me try to build upon the aftermarket. As I think about the year and we think about the recent IOTA data on RPMs, January and February were a little bit of a slow start. That definitely picked up in March. When I think about the change in the RPM forecast that we and the industry are looking at today, I think we’re pretty well aligned. It looks a little bit different today than it did three months ago. Clearly the domestic routes, U.S. and China in particular, are much stronger, so that’s helping us; but on the international side, it’s a little slower than we thought. On the ASK or ASM side, the available seat miles, those are tracking pretty consistently with what we saw in January, or thought we would see in January. I think the thinking that we’ve had as we look at the rest of the year, and there’s still a long way to go, is that we really need to see those ASMs and corresponding RPMs increase here in the second quarter, and we’re thinking about a 40% sequential growth in RPMs from 1Q21 to Q2 and then again Q2 to Q3, and then corresponding on the ASM side think about 25% to 30% sequential growth between Q1 and Q2, and Q2 and Q3.  If we see that kind of growth, then we will likely see a stronger second half, but I think at this point it’s just too early to call that. That’s how I’m thinking about that a little bit more Shifting to--
Neil Mitchill: Yes, and let me take the pension question too. Thanks for bringing it up. Yes, we did put out some new numbers there. As you know, the relief bill that was passed reduced pension funding. We currently don’t see the need to do any domestic funding in the near term as a result of that bill. You’ll recall that we pre-funded $800 million in 2020 that would have been our 2021 contribution, so there’s nothing in ’21 that changed as a result of the bill. However, looking forward we do get a little bit of improvement, so we’ll have to fund a little bit less into our pension plans. We’ll get a little bit less on the CAS recovery - it’s about $75 million next year and, I think, $50 million in 2023, so good news. The last thing I’ll add is we got a little bit of a P&L benefit here in Q1 as we’ve rolled this lower CAS cost into our forward pricing. Probably about 70 basis points of margin improvement at the RMD segment is where it really showed up. Going forward for the rest of the year, I don’t expect to see much more of that, and we’ve rolled that into our forward pricing.
Neil Mitchill: It’s pretty far out. I would say for the next three to five years right now, and of course that depends on a lot of other assumptions that could change. But all things equal, for the next several years at least.
Neil Mitchill: Sure, no problem. Yes, as you saw, 13.1% RMD margins in the quarter, we were very happy with that, as I mentioned just a minute ago. Think about 70 basis points of that as a pension tailwind that won’t repeat. We also had about 40 basis points, I’d say, of international mix, some acceleration of award timing that came through with the CFR liquidation. That helped RMD here in the first quarter. If you kind of adjust for those two items, you’ll see continued margin progression, again as the productivity improves through the year, so we’re still seeing that margin growth that we would expect absent those couple of items. 
Neil Mitchill: The bookings trends, yes. You know, listen - a year ago, and in the past 18 months RMS has had some significant multi-year buys, so as we burned down the backlog there, our book to bill is a little bit lower. But later this year, we do expect next generation Interceptor - we talked about that, that will be over a billion dollar booking that we’ll book here in the second quarter, LRSO and some other international Patriot awards that are forthcoming later in the year. So all in all, I still expect on a full year basis a book to bill of about 1.0 for RMD and RIS, for that matter.
Neil Mitchill: Peter, it’s Neil. Just to go back on the Pratt shop visits, we still expect Q2 to Q4 shop visit growth in the 25% to 30% range, so all that’s holding, as Greg mentioned - you know, good start to the first quarter, and then we’ll see that back half growth.  The other point I would throw out there is we’re watching Europe obviously, but the majority of that V fleet and our planning around those shop visits, I’d say 80% or more, 85% or more is not in the Europe region, so feel pretty good about that outlook.
Neil Mitchill: Yes, let me give you a couple of thoughts. First of all, we’ve got to keep in mind that as we implement all these synergies, which are great, they do come with a give-back to our customer, which is great because it also makes us more competitive, so that’s a factor that you’ve got to think about in the margins. But both those businesses are laser focused on driving productivity and cost reduction throughout their businesses. We do see the opportunity for margin expansion. It’s going to be a great question for Wes and Roy at our upcoming investor day in May, where they’ll talk a little bit more about that. We’ve talked about the EAC reset. We do expect that to be--that issue to be largely behind us as we exit the year, so you could see a little bit more margin expansion throughout this year. But these are great businesses as we get into longer term production contracts. On the RMD side in particular, you’ll see margin expansion there, but you do have a replenishing of some of the programs, so we’ve had the Patriot missile program, very good program for us that will get replaced with the LTAMDS in the future, so there will be a little bit of a mix shift as the margin sort of transitions between those early LRIP contracts when you get into late ’23 and ’24, and we get out of the more mature programs that we’ve been in today. A lot of potential there.
Neil Mitchill: About 25%, yes, so it’s still very significant and, frankly, that cargo traffic that you all know is considerably higher than it was even pre-pandemic has helped the shop visits at Pratt in ’21.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks Cai. Just a couple thoughts here. As I think about the sequential growth in commercial aftermarket, Collins commercial aftermarket for the rest of the year, it’s a little bit lower than what we talked about in the first quarter, and that’s because we’ve de-risked that a bit by the performance we’ve seen. Think about 5% in Q1 to Q2, maybe 10% Q2 to Q3, and another 5% or 8% in Q3 to Q4 in terms of growth. In terms of thinking about the strength that you saw in the first quarter, a lot of really good work on the cost containment, E&D and SG&A combined about $60 million of improvement, and that will come back because the team is phasing that investment during the year because we’re trying to be very prudent about the discretionary element of our spending until we see the recovery take a strong hold. That’s what I can share with you there. Appreciate the question. 
