Toby O'Brien: So we do expect to see higher productivity and operational efficiencies at missiles this year. But as you mentioned, given their portfolio and their mix, it’s important to keep in mind that that is a broad portfolio. We've seen considerable growth in both development and classified programs that can and are impacting the margin a bit, particularly early on so that's a bit of a headwind right now. But overall, we're very pleased with the portfolio, the mix of programs and it really supports and bodes well for the continued ability for the missiles business to grow going forward.
Toby O'Brien: So I'll start with the repatriation right. So that doesn't have any impact on our cash flow. That was cash that was already on the books. What that does do, it gives us some flexibility to bring cash back over to the U. S. to deal with some ebbs and flows of needs domestically versus internationally. I think beyond that, what I would say is within our cash outlook for 2018, we’ve got a little over $400 million as it relates to tax reform overall as a benefit compared to our prior expectations. We have that offset a little bit maybe about $150 million $200 million related to some tax initiatives that we got the benefit of from a cash tax point of view in 2017 that we don’t see repeating in 2018. But overall, we’re pleased with tax reform. As Tom mentioned in this comments, it provides us the benefit to be more competitive and it does provide some additional financial flexibility for us.
Toby O'Brien: And Rob, maybe I'll just add a little bit to Tom’s comments on Forcepoint. So they did fall short of our expectations in the quarter. They didn’t end where we want them to be. That said, following on what Tom said, we have made the appropriate investments in the business. And what we're seeing is they’re just taken a bit longer to play out and translate into both sales growth and margin expansion, and we still believe that's attainable. The outlook, the guidance we provided for '18 reflects the outcome we saw in 2017 and again, the latter timing of the pay off of our investments. I’ll reinforce on the positive side, we are seeing a growing and stronger pipeline. Tom talked about acquisitions are proving to be beneficial. And we do have solved and demonstrate the capabilities and solutions in the business. I'll also point out for '18 at Forcepoint specifically, we do expect a stronger back half of the year compared to the first half. And because of that, we would expect an operating loss at Forcepoint in the first couple of quarters similar to what we saw in Q4 with volume building into the second half along with the profitability and higher margins. Beyond ’18, we still expect the business to be able to deliver double-digit growth in margins. Just real tactically on Q4 '17, the margin was just impacted by lower volume. To put in perspective, it was about $12 million of sales that moved into '18 from '17 as Tom mentioned really just longer gestation period on deals with large and very large enterprises, it was about four, five deals ranging from $1 million to $4 million that move that caused the sales and margin shortfall in Q4.
Toby O'Brien: And then Carter, I'll maybe go little bit broader and try to answer your question on the -- around capital deployment. So I won't repeat what I said in the script about how we're thinking of it from a high level point of view. But I will reinforce that we continue to target 80% of our free cash been return to shareholders. And sitting here today, we still see that is the case in that 80% range plus or minus. But one thing that we have done, you mentioned capital investments in ourselves to continue to grow. So last year our CapEx and software spending was $611 million. In 2018, we expect it to be in the range of $910 million to $950 million, so more than a 50% increase. And what we're doing there, where we're making those increases, we're looking to invest in infrastructure or high technology production facilities demonstration capabilities, more factory automation. The combination of which helps position us better to grow and drive productivity improvements. IR&D as well, we’re looking at about 3% of IRAD at sales here in '18, and given or take, would expect that to continue ongoing forward. I would say that the tick-up in capital, think of that as kind of a one-time step-up. And going forward in '19 and beyond, the way to think of thing is more give or take 3% of revenue. And then last thing that I would mention, obviously, we made the $1 billion discretionary contribution to the plan in '17. And given tax reform, we continue to evaluate potentially making an additional contribution before September 15th and will provide more details on that later in the year.
Toby O'Brien: Relative to missiles and the end to the year, the lower margin is really primarily due to two things; little lower program improvements than we were expecting; and a change in program mix as well. So it was combination of those two things. We don’t look at the lower productivities as any trend or anything, just the timing related to the recognition of the improvements. And as we talked about, we see their margins improving in 2018. As far as the overall top line growth going up to the 4% to 6%, really two things. As we talked about, it’s our normal process. We work it up through the end of the year. But we also exceeded our expectations in 2017 on the high end relative to bookings, and combine that with we’re off to a quick start with the $1.5 billion Patriot order that Tom just talked about. They were really the two big drivers that led to the increase.
Toby O'Brien: So there is obviously a bunch of things that affect cash flow, including the revenue growth and the flow through on the profitability. But keep in mind, including what drove some of the strong performance in 2017 compared to our expectations we do from time-to-time get some significant advances. We were favorably impacted in ‘17. So you have the program activity that plays into it. But the other thing I would mention, taking a look, especially 2018 versus 2019 that in 2018, the 2018 cash is the tax benefit of the 2017 discretionary contribution that we made, that we’ve talked about. And if you were to exclude that benefit in ‘18, we’d expect 2019 cash to be more in line to maybe slightly up with ‘18. So that’s a big driver along with some of the timing of the program activity.
Toby O'Brien: George, I'll address the first one. And as we talk about in the past, we do have backlog adjustments, particularly as we under run cost side programs. And we did see a couple hundred million in Q4 and around $900 million for the year. I will say we do work with our customers in these cases to bring in new work, new scope, when we do under-run on current programs, which obviously result potentially in new bookings. And as you saw throughout the year, we did increase our guidance every quarter. So overall, we're pleased with our bookings performance and the resulting backlog. Again, our backlog grew 4% year-over-year and 2018 bookings outlook for the year of $27.5 billion to $28.5 billion set the stage real well for continued sales growth.
Tom Kennedy: Yes, let me start off with missiles. We are working with the department to -- and looking at multiyears for the standard missile family, and combining SM-3 and SM-6. So there is activity looking at that. I can tell you that the demand signals for the SM-6 and SM-3 are at an all time high. So we feel very strongly about those two franchises and actually SM-3 had multiple franchises within it, both domestic and international. Moving over to Forcepoint, we said that this year at Forcepoint would be a rebuilding year. We did there do a major change and its back office and also a major change, and it's a sales force. The area here is what we’re trying to drive, is a move from the sneeze, small to medium size enterprises into the large enterprises and very large enterprises. And then also there was couple of acquisitions that have worked out very well for us, and putting them in the place. But we really looked at the 2017 as a rebuilding year for Forcepoint and essentially structuring it as the $600 million year revenue business that it is.
Tom Kennedy: So let me take that, Doug. First of all, I think what’s key about Patriot for folks to understand is that there is multiple countries that own and utilize the Patriot system. With the addition of Romania that will be 14 countries. And then with Poland, that will make it 15 and then with Sweden, that will make it 16. So relative for example to the 360 radar, there is a market of these 16 countries for an upgrade to their Patriot systems. So it’s actually provides the built-in market for the Patriot capabilities. We had seen some significant demand for our GEM-T missiles in the Middle East that this system is being used quite a bit by both the Emirates and then also by Saudi Arabia, to essentially knock down scuds that are being fired out in Yemen, so high demand signal there for GEM-Ts and then very successful in that region. I think the bottom line is that Patriot has a lot of upside potentially here over the next several years. The main area here is a concept that Deterrence that I talked about, that nations want. This capability protects their sovereignty and we’re seeing that big demand pulls in actually three regions in Europe, in the MENA region and also in the Asia Pacific region. So I think Patriot is going to a solid franchise here definitely for at least the next 10 years then with the refresh of the 360s radar that takes out another 20 years.
Tom Kennedy: Rich, first of all back on hypersonic. We’ve been on the hypersonic path here for many years. In fact, you’re right. It’s in our second pillar of our four pillar strategy. We actually say that we’re heavily investing and working in the hypersonic area. We have already gotten multiple hypersonic contracts with the Department of Defense. So one of the larger ones is a program called Hawk, which is with DARPA and it is -- essentially it’s a sensory hypersonic missile and we are the prime. There are several other, I would call, pursuit activities relative to hypersonic. So we are engaged in those hypersonic missile pursuits and as a prime across the board. So we do believe that hypersonics is the next wave of technology related to advanced missile systems, and that's our significant opportunities out there and we've positioned ourselves year over multiple years to be ready to go capture those opportunities. And we felt very positive about that. On your other question relative to naval strike missile, you're absolutely correct. We are heavily engaged in that pursuit. There is press out there that does say that both Boeing and Lockheed have dropped out. We are pursuing this in a competitive way despite that. And you also are right it does take the CR to be removed for us to be awarded the contract here. Number one reason is the fact that they can't award a new start under a CR. So we're very, I’d say, motivated to see the CR finally resolved here in the February time frame.
Tom Kennedy: So let me take the Forcepoint first. And the bottom line is that the team is focused on executing its growth strategies. And Forcepoint is all about growth. One of the other elements we haven't talked about is how Forcepoint fits into our overall cyber strategy at the company level, and the synergies that we get, especially in international market and working with other governments in terms of being able to leverage the technologies out of Forcepoint, which has helped us essentially grow our entire cyber security capability within the company. We are, again, this year was a rebuilding year. We're going to be, I would call it, next year is a transient year coming off the rebuilding year and into what we consider to be a year to be able to drive and meet our expectations moving forward. So I think this year 2017 was the rebuild year, 2018 is a transient year, ramping up into where we expecting to be with the double digit growth and also double digit margins in 2019. That's essentially how we are looking at it. And in meantime, we are leveraging Forcepoint in all of our international pursuits relative to cyber security with industrial partners and then also with governments around the world.
Tom Kennedy: So the bottom line is on this $1.5 billion Patriot order we received in the first week of January of this year that was an existing customers acquiring more fire units. And so we are seeing, again this is the across Europe and across MENA region and across Asia Pacific region, it’s a significant demand for the capability of the Patriot system from new customers, as we mentioned and then also from existing, who already have fire units. And so the bottom line is the system is performing and these nations are recognizing that. And there is a demand signal and demand signal is based on these the concern of these countries in protecting their sovereignty. And this fits into the bucket of Deterrence that I talked about. In terms of the next country, in Europe, I'm afraid I can't disclose it, except to say that it's in Europe.
Tom Kennedy: George, let me hit your Forcepoint question. So back to what the goal, the goal was in establishing a commercial cyber security business as part of Raytheon. And the main reason for that was to unlock the value of our cyber security capabilities and provide them to the commercial marketplace. So we have done that. We have created several commercial products. They are being integrated into the Forcepoint set of product solutions and we are getting some significant demand for those products. Those demands for those products are in the large enterprise and very large enterprise area. And that is why we are restructuring the sales force of Forcepoint from the SME sales force, which had heavy reliance on VARs, value added resellers, to more of an internal sales force and structure. So I think we are on plan. Relative to where we want to go in the big scheme of things, I agree with you. We're disappointed. We're not getting there as fast, but we are seeing the signs that show that the strategy can work, will work. One point I would like to make and we haven’t really made that a lot about Forcepoint is the synergy for Forcepoint with the rest of our cyber security pursuits. We had a significant book-to-bill ratio in the cyber security area this past year 1.4 book-to-bill. And one of the main reasons for this is the customers are recognizing that we have the entire, from the beginning all the way to the end relative to cyber, essentially we cover and this is one of our themes that we cover all sides of cyber, all sides of cyber security, all the way from supporting governments, all the way from supporting industrials, and now even into the commercial marketplace. And this gives us significant credentials. When I go, for example, to the Middle East and I meet with the heads of state there, one of the questions they have about cyber is; how do we have all these capabilities; how do we have the ability to support governments; how do we have the ability to support the industry verticals. And the reason is because we have all these, these capabilities within the company, including commercial capability. So it does help us in our overall sales force of cyber all around. You are right. It's going slower than we expected. There're some things that we learned along the way. And one of the big areas is that lot of the products that we can leverage into Forcepoint are really fit in the domain of the large enterprises, and the top 500 companies in the world. And that's the companies that we're focusing on, but we do need to build the sales force to be able to continue to grow our capability with them.
Tom Kennedy: We’re very excited about the missile company and its future. And you are right, we do have quite a bit of franchises. So I think one of the things that we've done is we haven't just let those franchises stay idle, we've continued to make significant investments in those franchises over the year. So they are relevant, relevant relative to the mission, relevant relative to the technology that is incorporated in those franchises. But we are not just standing still on those franchises. We're pursuing next generation systems. And also, next generation systems that may actually make some of those franchises -- put those franchises out of business, likes for example in the area of hypersonics. We won some significant programs in hypersonics. We're seeing an uptick and demand signals for hypersonics, back in line with our area of calling the been able to address peer threats, also we saw that in the new and national defense strategy out of secretary Mattis relative to addressing those threats. And so we’re going to see increased demand in the area of hypersonics. So whole new growth area for the missile company that wasn’t there before. In addition to the existing franchise demands, we just talked a little bit about and was brought up on the on one of the questions relative to navel strike missile. This is a program that replaces the Harpoon system. The last run of Harpoon was called the Harpoon 2. It was over 7,000 harpoons built, and it's a global weapon. So that has international lag, so this will be a brand new franchise out of the gate potential $8 billion opportunity over 10 year period, and it has international legs. So a brand new one entering and it's -- and the way we've developed this system in partnership with Kongsberg. This system is not going to go through a 10 year development cycle, it already exists and it's ready to enter production almost immediately upon award of the contract. So lot of great news for the missile company and we’re very excited about it. The demand signals are there. We happen to have the technologies. We made the right investments at the right place. And always see as upside potential moving forward.
