William H. Swanson: Sounds good. As I said in my opening remarks, we do expect strong bookings for the year, particularly international, and there's several significant awards that we anticipate in the quarter. As I mentioned, every one of them has got a milestone plan that's associated with them. They're reviewed daily or weekly, depending on the business or the program. And I'm glad you mentioned more of an art than a science, and so I'll take you through the businesses because I think it's a better way to look at it, and I'll start with IDS since you mentioned it. IDS makes up about half of our expected Q4 bookings. I'll give you a range of about $4 billion or $5 billion worth of programs we're tracking. 2/3 of their bookings are international, really driven by a few large air and missile defense awards. Kuwait, I would start as the first one, a couple of fire [ph] units. It's currently moving through the parliament. It's been approved by the Ministry of Defense. And from our standpoint, everything is lined up for that to happen. They go through a process of reviewing it. Once they're done with that, the paperwork will come back to the U.S. and it will be signed and will be off and moving. In Oman, we're currently in negotiations for ground-based portion of the system. As you'll recall, Oman ordered AMRAAM missiles for their system in the second quarter, and we're working through the final details with them on that. Qatar is procuring a comprehensive missile defense system in phases, with Patriot and C2 being in the first phase. The CN was approved through Congress, and the LOA was delivered in August of this year. So we're working with them and the U.S. government, and the details of the LOA are working towards an award by the end of this year. And then domestically, the other balance, of course, I mentioned AMDR, but we're also expecting another, let me say, $400 million to $500 million worth of domestic missile defense awards. So that kind of makes up the $4 billion to $5 billion in IDS. If we look at IIS, the fourth quarter bookings should be about $1.5 billion, plus or minus. These are really driven by about $650 million in classified awards. Included in there is an international award that we'll announce, and the balance is really driven by training in space and engineering service programs. Missiles expect about $1.5 billion in Q4, plus or minus. We see bookings there for RAM, Paveway, SM and a potential TOW award. And on the domestic side, we expect orders for Standard Missile-3 in our core programs, including Phalanx, RAM and JSOW. And finally, SAS, about $2 billion, plus or minus. 30% of those will be in internationally, primarily driven by tactical airborne radars, about 20% in classified and CRAD areas and the remainder spread across our Air Force and Navy awards, attributable to tactical airborne systems, ISR and communications. That should give you a pretty good handle of the -- what we see in front of us finishing out the year. And hopefully, we won't get any more roadblocks thrown in front of us. The shutdown really took about 0.5 month out of everything and delayed everything, but we're moving forward and got a good pipeline.
William H. Swanson: Yes. Let me fly around about 40,000 feet, and Dave's giving me the sign to say I should be at 50,000 feet, so I'll go to 50,000 feet. We're not on virtual. You can see him sitting next to me here. But anyway, it's really hard to look at it. I mean, I would tell you, we're planning for sequestration to continue. I mean, that's the environment we're in. I'd like to think that this budget process is not working. I've grown up in an industry where we have appropriations bill. There was a sequence to what we're doing. You could see it, you could plan on it. Today, we operate under CRs. We have another one that goes to January 15. We have a House and Senate committee, they're reviewing -- hopefully, they'll take a stab at revenue and entitlement, and if successful, could lead to maybe a postponement of the gap and sequestration until people figure it out. But with all of that going on and the turmoil and planning for the BCA to continue, I would tell you that '14 feels a lot like '13. I don't know how else to describe it. Revenue should be down just slightly, driven by domestic. I think the margins should continue to be strong. And the company is expected to have strong cash generation. That's about 50,000 feet, and I could put some -- a lot of qualifiers on that, that you all know, but that's kind of how it feels now, and we'll see what comes out of Congress. And hopefully, we can get ourselves back to some stability and really focusing on doing even more for our customers and our shareholders.
William H. Swanson: It's really hard to say, I would tell you. From what I understand, our customers are planning 2 budgets. Which one gets submitted, I can't tell you. That's a product of somebody else making that decision. I just know that American industry really likes to have some finality in what we do. And if you give us a number, we know how to put our strategies and plans in place to make that happen. So I'd say, right now, it's a jump all, and we've got 2 budgets going on until we figure out what's going on. And we're all trying to make sure that this committee really does the hard job of getting to a decision here.
William H. Swanson: I think, clearly, Turkey as a country, made a decision, and they decided to do it based on price. In my experience, in price, when you buy that way, you don't get all the capabilities you want, and so they're going to have to deal with that. The second part of it is you have to integrate it into NATO, which is going to be difficult at best and will not happen as quick as people want it to happen. From our standpoint, they've started the negotiation process. We'll see what happens. But if Turkey runs into problems, we remain positioned and stand ready to help them with Patriot. To get to your overall question, clearly, I'm an engineer by training and a technologist, I'd like to think of myself that way. And people, when they look at U.S. systems, they are still state-of-the-art. What people don't realize is that life cycle costs really run into these decisions. And if you don't take that into account, you're going to be really sorry with some stuff you bought. And we know of systems around the world produced by other countries that aren't working and can't be [ph] manned. And you have to almost learn that lesson the hard way. So we'll see what happens here.
William H. Swanson: It's a great question, Doug, and something I always think about, but I have a term we use here that -- it's the area under the curve. So if you draw it over time, that curve and the area under it, Raytheon has a long-standing, strong, enduring relationships, not just in the Mid East, but around the world. And due to our international experience, we continue to operate in the regions, or especially the Mid East, since you brought that up, over many decades and there's ebbs and flows in that relationship among governments. But I have always felt, when I've looked at it, our customers stay with us because they recognize that we consistently deliver value and equipment to them to be able to handle the threat environment that they're in. So you could take any slice of that curve over time and probably find something that isn't going well. But the area under the curve is one that really matters. And we still get a phone call now and then, or at least I do, that says, "Would you go do something?" And we'll go off and start based on a handshake. And I think that's what it's all about. But clearly, there's geopolitical things happening today that are getting everybody's attention, and we've got to work our way through that, and I'm hopeful that will happen.
William H. Swanson: I think, right now, you probably said it right. The Army is under the most pressure. They have the largest headcount of any of the services, and the hard choices are strategically, how do you handle the future, do you do it with a smaller service? Do you do it that's more mobile, more light, and how do you think through that? And when you come from very high numbers to a smaller number, it really makes it hard for them to do that, plus planning, do they have sequester, don't they have sequester? That's really tough on them. We're really trying to work with them in any way we can. But Dave and I would both tell you that, from our standpoint, planning for sequester, we know exactly in our minds what the Army will be doing and that's in our forecast as we look at things. And we're not centric around any one service. And from that standpoint, we could weather the storm and why our portfolio is probably in better shape than others.
William H. Swanson: No, no, I don't because we're not in the platform business or vehicle business or the areas where the armies happen to make those tough calls. So if you look at air and missile defense, clearly, they've done the Patriot upgrades just this month. We announced another Patriot order from the Army. They're going to protect our core systems. They're going to fund them. They're going to make their upgrades, and we'll do it that way. I mean -- and then eventually, what has to happen, which is our strength, is you've got to refresh. And I've always said, this is a speed bump. You slow down going into it, you go over the top, come down and then you speed up as quick as you can. And from our standpoint, we're making sure our technology and our capabilities are lined up for the Army of the future, not the Army of the past.
William H. Swanson: Yes, there's a pretty standard -- let me say, if you go by the standard dates, that's usually about 100 days, which Next Generation Jammer would be at the end of this month and AMDR would be in January. And so it's probably the best way for me to peg it for you. And they're pretty good at holding their timelines, unless an issue pops up that needs to be clarified.
William H. Swanson: Yes, they do. I mean, you've got to be very careful when you protest that if you impugn your customer during the protest by inferring they don't know what they're doing, that's probably not something that I'd recommend in the process. If it's done on purely business reasons or on the process and you don't impugn somebody, you're probably okay. But somehow, sometimes, protests get personal or emotional, and we're trying to stay away from that, if that helps.
William H. Swanson: Yes, I think if you look at missile defense, it's one of the key areas going forward. The other part of missile defense is it never stands still from my standpoint, have been doing this a long time. When you realize you need missile defense, you put it in, then you go through the training to get your troops up to speed. But the threat keeps evolving and changing. And with that, most of our systems are open architecture or they're designed in a way that their software upgradable. But also, the interceptors have to change and their ability to be able to discriminate against targets that might have different spoofing mechanisms to try and overcome the systems that exist. So it's a process that keeps on going. And if you look at it, we've gone through iterations of Patriot to make it the most advanced in the world and of course, Standard Missile-3 is doing that, our TPY-2 radars are doing that. So you have a nice customer base, but also, other countries realize that they have to be able to prepare themselves for future missile defense. So to me, it's a nice market. It's a nice community of customers that realize that they've got to do this and may make the long term commitments to keep it ongoing, if that helps.
William H. Swanson: Yes, you probably could. It's -- we -- our term here that we use is P3I, pre-planned product improvements. And it's one of the things that our engineers and program leaders really always work on is that, "Okay, we're here today. Where do we have to be tomorrow, and where do we have to be beyond that?" And then our engineering leaders look at our gaps to figure out what we have to do. I mean, it's why we made a decision 10 years ago on GaN to be able to get higher efficiency to have our systems consume less power, be able to manage the bandwidth and be able to discriminate in a way that no one else can do and work constantly, pushing the envelope today and tomorrow and well into the future. So we look at it as a way, and it's an avenue that provides us some market entry point for our new technology once we've got the reliability and everything worked out. And by the way, these new technologies help reduce the cost or provide better affordability. But in my world, what I really enjoy is the systems are more reliable. They take less maintenance, less life cycle cost, fewer spares, and so customers really want to upgrade. It's much like if you think about the server marketplace that people are constantly upgrading servers, and they do that in a way they give more capable, more memory at a less price. They consume less energy. So you want to upgrade because you can reduce your overall cost going forward, while handling an advanced threat into the future, if that helps.
William H. Swanson: Yes, Howard. It's -- as a company, you've heard me talk about the supply base, and especially minority or small-owned businesses, they are the heartbeat of this country. And for some of them, they're really key to what we do. So we work with them and try and help them in any way. We send Six Sigma teams in to some of our suppliers to help them be more competitive, that's good for us and it's good for them. We've sent people in to help on technical issues. And financially, if they're in trouble, we'll sit down and work with them to figure out what we can do to be able to get through this. I mean, the shutdown was really hard. I mean, we spent time every day trying to figure out how to make sure that people were getting paid. How did we move, work around? I mean, one of the beauties in our company is with our common systems and processes. We were able to do things, and it identifies areas for us real quick. But it is an area that, as a person that's been in this industry my whole career, I worry what we're doing to that, into the business, as a country.
William H. Swanson: And thanks, Dave. I'll finish up here with the -- with your question on international. On some items, when they move from State to -- over to Commerce, there are items that allow the process to move a lot quicker. We sell in 82 countries around the world. We've sold over -- to over 115, I think, roughly over time, but we have 82 active. I don't really see it opening up to more countries. I just see it being more fit -- more efficient for us. We can be better at it. But I think what's more important that I mentioned in the last part of that is that we see our DOD consumer leaning forward for us. If you look at Dep Sec Def, Dr. Carter was over in India speaking to them about what we can to be -- open it up, make it easier for both countries to do business. That's one example. The other one is on the 15th of this month, 2 CMs went over on JSOW, notified the Congress. I didn't mention those in my remarks because that'll be early '14 items. That will be about $1 billion to $2 billion worth of that particular product line, and that's one where our customers are helping us. Because if you think about it, by having those in our factories, those help reduce the overheads, keep the lines hot and actually make the product more affordable for our domestic customers. So if there's one thing I'm really encouraged about and I feel good about is how we both are looking at why international is good for us domestically, as well as internationally. So I'm encouraged by the process. I'm -- with everything being thrown at us, it's -- I put that on the real positive side.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So Lynn Dugle continues to do an excellent job managing that business and the consolidation. The third quarter margins were driven by improved program efficiencies across the business, and that supported the increase in the full year margin guidance. We do see the margins in Q4 not quite as perky. They moderate somewhat. And this is primarily due to the timing of the performance improvements that we had previously expected in the fourth quarter with -- shifted into the third, essentially, and that was specifically in the area of the domestic training programs. Also, we begin to ramp up and transition on a new commercial training program that I referred to at around $160 million or so in the third quarter.
David C. Wajsgras: Okay. So I appreciate the question. We were in line from a dollar standpoint in Q3 with Q2 and also Q1. We made a conscious decision to maintain that level of repurchases as the prior 2 quarters. With that said, we continue to see the repurchase plan consistent with what I said on the last earnings call. So more specifically, we expect our share repurchases in the back half of this year in dollar terms to be modestly higher than the first half. So let me be clear, the fourth quarter, at this stage, the planning assumption is that we would be, in dollar terms, well in excess of where we were in Q3. So I hope that helps.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. Let me start by stating the obvious that the bookings are always lumpy. They have been in the past. They will be going forward. From a cadence standpoint, for this year, the bookings profile hasn't changed meaningfully from what we were seeing back in April. So I think that's an important data point. There has been some shifts. And for example, Bill mentioned some of our opportunities in the Middle East. The Kuwait Patriot opportunity, which we now see being awarded in Q4, did shift from what we had earlier anticipated. And with that said, I'm not going to repeat all the details that Bill just went through, I believe, with a question earlier from Joe Nadol. But frankly, if we weren't confident with our fourth quarter bookings outlook, we wouldn't suggest that as the estimates. I also said, during my formal remarks earlier, George, that we are now biased toward the lower end of the range that we've been suggesting for a while now. And that's principally due to a couple of things shifting out, as well as the government shutdowns. So we see some of the process on a few smaller FMS potentials potentially moving into early next year.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, yes, they have been. We are now in sequestration. So there has been some movement to the right, maybe more so than prior years. You'll also recall that last year's third quarter was nothing short of a banner quarter for the company. We were awarded some very large programs, particularly in our missiles business. So the comp to last year is also quite difficult. George, Bill went through a number of opportunities earlier, somewhere in the neighborhood of, I don't know, $8 billion to $10 billion of opportunity. We have thousands of programs. He just went through the more significant ones from a dollar standpoint. Again, we're quite confident in where we sit today and as we look into '14.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. As of yesterday, because I was thinking ahead and I was quite sure that I get this question, the returns are in excess of 11% from the pension plan assets. So the team is doing a good job there. From an interest rate standpoint, today, we're at -- from a discount rate standpoint, today, we're at 4.15%. The -- as we go forward, that is reset on the last day of the year through a process we use with our outside actuaries, essentially modeling a hypothetical bond portfolio. Given everything that we're seeing, if we were to set it today, it would be roughly 50 basis points to 75 basis points higher. But again, I can't suggest that's where it's going to be on 12/31. We just have to wait and close out the year.
David C. Wajsgras: Candidly, there's nothing that comes to mind that was a surprise from a downside or challenge standpoint. The businesses across the board performed well. Missiles was down a little bit. That was primarily driven by the runout of an international production program. The follow-on contract to that is ramping up in Q4. Cash across the board was strong. Bookings were inside of our expectations on Q3. So frankly, I didn't see any surprises to give any pause as we move ahead in the fourth quarter.
David C. Wajsgras: No. You'll recall back in April, when we sized up the impact of sequestration on some of the quick-turn business, some of our services and classified business for this year, we had anticipated essentially what played out at SAS.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. Let me talk about sales first, and I'll follow-up with a margin profile. So sales for IDS was up 3.3% year-to-date, but it didn't moderate, as you noted, in Q3, and it's down in Q4, primarily driven by shifts to the right with some of our domestic awards, including Space Fence, which is now anticipated early in 2014, as well as a naval radar program awarded in the last week of Q3. And I noted earlier with one of your colleagues that the Kuwait Patriot program is now expected in the fourth quarter. So from a margin standpoint, that business, IDS, continued strong performance in the third quarter, again, driven by favorable international air and missile defense contract mix, as well as some performance improvements that we had previously or earlier expected in the fourth quarter. You'll note here that we did raise the full year margin guidance by about 20 basis points. Now looking more specifically at the fourth quarter, margins are impacted by the timing of EAC adjustments as well as mix. Specifically, recall in the last call, Howard, in the last earnings call, we noted that the cadence of the performance improvements in this business was weighted to the first half of the year. So we also saw a continued strength from that in the third quarter. Now that, coupled with a change in contract mix, does impact and lower the margins that we now expect in the fourth quarter. And just lastly, and as you're aware, we typically see lower margins at the inception of some programs which can, and do in a lot of cases, improve over time as we retire risk and implement operating efficiencies.
David C. Wajsgras: No, I would say that -- don't assume that the fourth quarter becomes the run rate for next year. I think you probably should look at it -- the trailing 12-month average and expect the ramp-up on the bookings in the fourth quarter to take place. I would say essentially in Q2, 3 and 4 of next year.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure. I'll -- yes, let me take the cash flow question. So as we have done in the past, we continue to be very effective with respect to our overall cash cycle from a business standpoint. It's not just the finance group, it's the overall company. We've continued to see a healthy cash conversion from an earnings perspective and from a process perspective. We are in the process of setting up milestones and performance payments to the -- with respect to the awards that we see in Q4 and in the first half of next year, that should be healthy. We're looking at a continued improvement from an overall collections standpoint. I would say those are really the drivers as we move into next year. Internationally, more -- and more specifically, we do see the potential and the likelihood of some advances with respect to our international business. It's traditionally the way international business is affected. So I think taken together, Bill and I or -- and Tom Kennedy are in full agreement that we're continuing to see healthy cash flow as we move in to '14.
