William Swanson: Thank you, Marc. Good morning, everyone. We delivered solid results during the quarter, with sales of $6.3 billion, adjusted operating margin at 12.9% and adjusted EPS of $1.36 and operating cash flow of $413 million. Bookings during the quarter were $6 billion and on a year-to-date basis, our book-to-bill ratio was around one. Our Missile business brought in over $2 billion in orders during the quarter driven by broad-based demand from U.S. and the international customers. At our other businesses, the pipeline remains healthy. We continue to see strong demand. We also see a continuation of the congestion that we discussed on our prior conference calls and webcast that impacted timing of awards. I'd like to put it in perspective. We really don't see the if issue, just when, and in this environment, when is a little more difficult to predict. Given that, the onus is on us to further reduce our cycle times. We have an internal push to increase speed, and we applaud the government's efforts to increase efficiency and reform export control. I think that's good for both sides. Within this environment of challenges and opportunities, we continue to execute well. Our strong program performance, coupled with Six Sigma and lean processes to take cost out of our business, is reflected in our results during the quarter. Our updated outlook for the year and our competitive position also reflects this domestically and internationally. Our customers in the U.S. are dealing with challenges. What I'm hearing from the DoD [Department of Defense] leadership is that the Department needs to continue to invest in capabilities to defeat threats to national security. At the same time, economic conditions require an increased focus on controlling costs on both sides. We support the DoD's overall objectives to prioritize spending, improve efficiency, reward contractors that deliver strong program performance, and we stand ready to help. On the International side, our business is strong and continues to grow. International sales from the third quarter are up 11%, reaching 24% of our total sales. Again, the driver is the threat environment which remains high, particularly in the Middle East and parts of Asia. Our customers in these regions have the resources to support the required investments in their security. We have a number of additional important international orders in various stages of the procurement and notification process. If you stand back and look at world events, the threat environment remains high. It hasn't changed. For all of us, this means that we need to get even better at what we do. Raytheon's well positioned for the future. We have outstanding technology, we have a flexible portfolio, and our consistent focus on providing innovative, affordable and proven solutions will ensure that we remain well positioned. To help put that in perspective, we've institutionalized Six Sigma and the philosophy of continuous improvement. We made the tough choices on getting the utilization rates in our factories up. We've invested in common engineering supply chain, financial, IT and HR systems that enable us to design anywhere, manufacturing anywhere and ship from anywhere. And our talent can transfer their knowledge across the company. We have a strong balance sheet for some time now so we have the financial strength to continue to make the right investments in our business and for our shareholders. We are a company that is a consistent performer, with a strong and focused portfolio of programs, and our businesses are well managed. It's a portfolio looked on industry-leading technologies, core capabilities and on opportunities to apply both to meet our customers needs in the U.S. and in the world. Our business model enables us to benefit whether our technologies are used to build new systems or to upgrade existing systems. We support our customers in multiple ways. In closing, we'll continue to work with our customers to deliver products and services they need for mission success. In that regard, the environment today is exactly what it was yesterday. It's all about innovation, performance, affordability and agility, and we strive to be the very best in each of these areas. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
William Swanson: No. It's one of the things you all know my feelings on that IT and consulting and those kinds of areas. It's not something Raytheon has gone into. So we look at it and that's not a concern on our part. And rather than call them austerity, to me, I look at them as efficiency initiatives really designed to help protect or increase the DoD modernization and core structure accounts, which is good news for the DoD and industry. The real key here, for all of us, is going to be the implementation and then the consistency of approach. But to answer your question specifically, that's not in our worry bead bucket.
William Swanson: That would be, from my standpoint, it'd be hard to pick any one particular business, but we really see it in program delays. When we put our planning to place, it's hard to figure out all the timing in this environment, as I said in my opening remarks. But if I had to place one place there, I'd probably put it in IDS, and I'd relate that more to the naval area where it's taking a little bit longer to get things done. Plus we went through non bridge [ph] on Zumwalt, which delayed things because when they reduced seven down to three ships, nothing we have done, it changed the whole cost profile. So it's taken us a little while longer to get through that process in my opinion.
William Swanson: No. At least, I hope we don't hear it every quarter, George. I think part of it is when you put in some new initiatives and you're trying to have everybody do their capability-based studies and go through it, it adds delay in the process. And as I said earlier, the real question here is what's the implementation going to be like and then the consistency of approach. And sometimes, people wait to see that before they go do things. From my standpoint, I think everyone in the industry, as we sit with DoD, we're trying to work through it. But let me just say that's one aspect of it. I think the onus is on us, and we're taking a look at everything we can do in this company to speed up our processes. I don't accept that things take longer, and if there's anything we can do on our side of the equation, then it's incumbent on us to go do that and that's what we're doing here. But I don't think this is a long-term area that's going to hit us for a long time, at least that's not my view.
William Swanson: Let's put it in perspective right now where we're at. Sales were about 24% of Q3, we've had double-digit growth there. We expect our international bookings this year to be in the 24% to 26%. We expect sales to be in the 22% to 24% range. So it kind of gives you a feel of where that's going. From our standpoint, we see a little bit of the same as we keep going here in the next year. Clearly, for us, we've got some international awards and the timing of those scheduled here in the fourth quarter. Some of those may go into January. It's really hard to peg them right now, but we're pushing hard to go do that. So from my standpoint, internationally, 2011 feels a lot like 2010, and we intend to keep pushing the international because it's one of our strong suits in our company.
William Swanson: Cai, we kept the bogey the same. The hard part, you're younger than I am but we've both been around a long time, we know that the international is tough to peg. And for us, we have got Saudi Config-3 out there, we're in the final stages of Ts and Cs there. Turkey Patriot will have an announcement at the end of the year there which way Turkey is going. For us next year, we've also got Taiwan and Kuwait in there. They haven't started their LOA process yet, but we expect those. We also expect the TPY-2 radar to start having international sales mid next year. Those are a couple of hundred million dollars radar packages when you put all the support and services, everything, together. We also have an Australia program, we've won down there, and because of the recent elections, that's delayed the process. We expect the country to still buy. So that the order pipeline is there, we can see them all, we can touch them. Our job is to nudge them over the goal line or kick them over the goal line, one or the other, if that helps.
William Swanson: And I would add, Dave, that when you look at the cost reductions, they're across the board. They're not only in direct and indirect, they're not only in support and touch, they're also in material, they're in scrap, they're in rework, all our businesses are attacking everything they can do because now is the time to have your cost structure in the best possible shape you can have. That's what our customers want, and that's what we're going to go do.
William Swanson: Let me kind of help with the mix. The way I think about it we have about 23 contracts that make up 25% of our business. The next 25% of our business is represented by 96 contracts. The remaining 50% is driven by 15,000 contracts. So when you look at it, there's a lot there. And so the way we run this place is we drive for efficiency, we drive for productivity and we pass those savings on, we set the baseline lower next time in the cost structure and we challenge ourselves to keep driving the margins up.
William Swanson: First, let me say the system we delivered is operational. They're using it, and it's providing actionable data. So it's not a performance issue on my part, the way I look at it. We are in litigation, and we've started that process and I still feel as strong, if not stronger, on Raytheon's position, if that helps.
William Swanson: I'll break it up into two categories. The categories that we've determined that there are other sources and that we've tried to protect something that we shouldn't protect, that will expedite the process considerably. I would almost say, by a guess, I could cut it in half. On the stuff that is critical that we want to protect, I think the process will get better but it will not decrease in half, if I had to say, that might be a 10%, 15% improvement. But when we think about all of this, this is from a standpoint of DoD or state, and I believe that commerce will now get involved in a number of the license activities, and that will be more on a commercial basis and that will be for things that DoD does not want to protect us much. And so overall, the stuff that we sell around the world that isn't in the Missile business or Air Defense, I expect those will move a lot quicker.
William Swanson: No, I don't think I would say materially change it. For us, it's going to allow us to focus even more on the ones we need to and the others will be on a routine kind of process. It's mainly how quick can we get them in here, so it's a timing issue. From our standpoint, you'd see how much we get released. We sell in 80 countries around the world, so we can do business internationally. This is all about can we do it quicker and bring the orders in. And that's what everybody's trying to do because there's a lot of calories spent on this area.
William Swanson: I guess the way I look at it, when you can get debt at five years at 1 5/8, even somebody that doesn't like debt has to look at it and sit there and say, can you make your balance sheet and your operations more efficient. And even an engineer like me can understand that one.
William Swanson: Well, Dave and I were trying to peg it. We've noticed not everybody's looking out and giving some guidance here, and we wanted to give you kind of a feel. And what really determines that, and I hate to say it, is the timing. And when the timing moves to the right, you don't pick up everything you've lost, and that's the hard part here. And so when we look at the timing on the international, we want things that we've got in our forecast to happen. And as Dave pointed out in his remarks, it's where we stand today. We need to see what's going to happen on the fiscal year '11 budget, the continuing resolution. My gut feel says that we're going to operate on that into next year. And so those things have a real effect on your domestic growth and then right on top of that, we're going to be looking at fiscal year '12. So we try to give you a peg at where we think it is and the timing that we see on things. But at this point in time, the end of October, there's a lot influx more so than I can remember in the past, but we still felt confident giving you the numbers we did.
William Swanson: Let me give you some color here. Sales were about 14% of the total this quarter. If we're looking towards the year, we expect bookings this year to be around 14%, and we expect sales for the year to be up above 14%. So we see double-digit growth in that area this year. We see, looking into next year from what we can see right now, classified continuing to grow with some strength for the company, we've had a number of tech wins in that area that we think we're going to continue to do well. Our technology growth has almost been sea red and so forth, almost double digit. It's high single-digit in a budget that's probably around 2%. So we've really been taking market share and the technology and that's why we have so many programs that are under $10 million. But they're the seed corn and they lead to some of our larger programs that we have today, if that helps.
William Swanson: Yes. We're continuing to look. Our M&A strategy hasn't changed. If I could find one, two or three more BBNs, I'd do those in a heartbeat. There's not those falling of a tree everyday. For us, we've closed one, the second one will close. We have technology associates that are leading provider of data extraction and analysis and exploitation. I'll say that much and stop there. The other one is a trusted computer systems. We expect to close that next month. They really provide cybersecurity solutions to our customers. Clearly, what they do is provide domain solutions that allow classified levels to be shared on the same network around computer operating systems, and it gives me an opportunity to highlight one of our teams. The Distributed Common Ground System, DCGS, you've heard me talk about it in the past, but we just completed with the Air Force, the successful evaluation of DCGS at Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany. What DCGS does is it supports multiple ISR platforms, satellites, manned, unmanned systems. To me, I refer to it in the company and outside the company, it's like Google with a clearance. No offense to Google, but DCGS allows you to move data around. And what's important to it for us, as we look to the future, worldwide intelligence is going to even take on a bigger role, if you think about it. And how do you look at that information across the globe and sort it out and share at multiple classified areas and, that's what we're lining ourselves up to be able to do.
William Swanson: Yes. I think from our standpoint, as on me, that's something for the government to sort out. They'll be going through that. It's a big program, lots of money. And in this tight budget, the way I look at it, it satisfies three customers, Patriot satisfies the minimum 12 around the world, and people will decide what they want to do in that process. I'm highly biased so you know my answer. But I think from our standpoint, Patriot is the most capable air defense system in the world for both air breathers, ballistic missiles, aircraft and crews and there's nothing else like it, and put Patriot up against anything in the world for that matter. So we expect Patriot to be around a long time, and so from that standpoint, there could be an upside depending on what the decision is there. But I'll let people that have to make that choice make it. Regarding Standard Missile, we have a family of Standard Missile, we have IA, IB, IIA, IIBs. The IIA was just increased in funding about 25%. It's the one that's got a very successful flight-test program. And for us, we're a company that competes every place we go, so competition really doesn't frighten us. People didn't think we were going to win Small Diameter Bomb but low and behold, the company did that. Our customers told us we significantly provide them better mission capability, making our technical approach, we won the strength of our tri-mode seeker, our innovative warhead technology and our aircraft integration and our past performance was rated exceptional. So from my standpoint, competition doesn't bother me. We're prepared to go head to head with anybody especially in the missile business. So I realize what MDA has to do, but when we start talking about something in 2020 and 2025, that's a long ways out, and a lot of things can happen between now and then.
William Swanson: I'd just go back. People that know me, I've been doing this a long time. We competed on AMRAAM, we competed on Maverick, we've competed on Missile Systems. And for Raytheon's history, and every time we've done that, we've found a way to get the cost down, we've found a way to get the reliability up, we've found a way to get the performance even better. And doing all of that, we still delivered consistently high margins, and I don't expect that to change.
William Swanson: You know what's going to happen here in the elections and on the second? I won't put you on the spot, but I mean there's a confluence of things going on so part of it is that...
William Swanson: No, not like this where we've got 23 new initiatives, we've got an economy not, only domestically but internationally, that's equivalent to one of the biggest recessions in history. I don't think I've gone through one of these in my last 39 years like this. And so my point is, this is different, and I think we're somewhat unique in the guidance we're giving you at this point. If I read what others have done, there's not a lot out there. So we try to do as much as we can knowing what's there, but Congress is going to change. And when it changes, it delays things. And so that's the whole issue, it's the timing, really, it's not the if. That's not my concern. My concern is can I predict what's going to happen here, and we've got some unknowns and I'm not concerned about that because I think the company will continue to do well.
William Swanson: I think the way I would describe it is we found a way to do the training aspect or education aspect of the job, I think better than others. Our commercial experience here, doing it for GM, Chrysler, Opel and others have helped us take and cut down the amount of time that's spent in that area. To give you an example, we call it compression. If you can cut down your training cost by anywhere from 20% to 30% and up the retention factor at the same time, that's what our customers are looking for, and that's something we can offer. We have proven results in that area. And this is in the O&M side where customers really want innovation. We think we have it, and we also see other areas where we can expand it, not necessarily in the DoD arena, and we'll probably hear some more about that in the future.
William Swanson: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.
David Wajsgras: Rob, it's a fair question. It's a little bit early. We're still going through the planning process and we think, it was appropriate to give you some sense of where we where at this point, but to go through each of the businesses at this stage is just, a term my boss uses, it gets out over our tips a little bit.
David Wajsgras: Sure. SAS' performance was strong as you just noted. It was driven by a combination of things, primarily program performance, and they are the one segment that was also favorably impacted by mix. In particular, some international sales. It's probably notable that the balance of the businesses from a margin perspective was primarily driven by program performance. Technical Services, again they've been performing strong for quite a while now, that continues. It's essentially their focus on overall efficiency within the group. There was also some relatively small, but it was worth probably 20, 30 basis points, some contract modifications that took place during the quarter. But let me reiterate that overall cost efficiency is what's driving their margins.
David Wajsgras: Sam, let me just frame this. We've had a very focused effort on productivity and cost improvements. We talked a little bit about that a few minutes ago. We saw some of the benefits in Q3. On a year-to-date basis, I hadn't mentioned this earlier, our adjusted operating margins are up 50 basis points. So the timing of how that margin improvement impacts the year is, by and large, behind us. It happened in the first three quarters simply because of when the programs went into play. Now if you go into the fourth quarter, there was a couple of things happening at some level and some of the businesses, mix does work against us a little bit overall. And secondly, we're starting to think, obviously, about next year and starting to put in place programs that will be more beneficial to next year that will be in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind though that we did improve our overall outlook for margins to 12.1% to 12.3%, and that's pretty healthy. So there's nothing, I guess the takeaway is there's nothing remarkable happening in the fourth quarter, a lot of it is just timing.
David Wajsgras: Let me just kind of cut to the chase on this one. If you're looking at say the $300 million that we took the lower end down by, about 2/3 of it relates to program delays and about 1/3 of it relates to cost-improvement activity.
David Wajsgras: George, let me just add one thing, because like always here, you're correct in your analytics there. If we look at the fourth quarter, we are expecting growth both on the domestic and the foreign side. Domestic should be somewhere between, say, 4% and 6% over last year's fourth quarter and double-digit growth again from an international standpoint. And then taking it one more step, I think this is important from a book-to-bill standpoint, we expect to exceed one both domestically and internationally as we close out the year.
David Wajsgras: No. I was talking operating or adjusted margins, number one. Margins are improved substantially this year as we close out 2010 relative to the what we had expected when we started out 2010. Now what's important is that the cost-reduction programs are basically serving two purposes, and I talked about that a little bit a moment ago so let me repeat it, it's important. One is we passed along a lot of these savings to our customer, that's number one. Number two is you are right, the cost reductions will add to margins over time, because they directly impact our fixed-price backlog programs. But as you know, if you move forward and put new contracts in place, we also pass those savings along to our customers. With all that said, it's early, 12.1% to 12.3% is healthy starting point, and we're, at this stage, comfortable with that range of guidance.
David Wajsgras: It's a good question, Cai, and I should've mentioned it and thanks for bringing it up. That notification is a large number. It contains everything for everybody plus government cost in there, so that's why it's a big number. For us, we probably expect $3 billion plus in that particular release, plus we've got others in the notification cycle and some getting ready to go into the notification cycle. And for somebody like me, you can see them, you want to go grab them and pull them, and that's what were trying to do.
David Wajsgras: Well, we've had some nice improvement in the first nine months of the year. This year, as I mentioned, we have stepped up the cost-reduction programs and those, depending on timing of implementation, we'll move the margins at a particular point in time. Going forward, I would suggest that it's likely a little more level loaded, quarter-to-quarter, as you're comparing to prior year's same quarter. But again, Bill mentioned it during his commentary earlier, I did as well, there was just a lot of activity. We'll continue that moving forward, but I think today, I would say we're in a good pace and cadence relative to productivity programs and expect sort of continued improvement over the long term.
David Wajsgras: I'm glad you asked that. The answer is there's nothing, there's no significant or unique event that moved the margins from an overall company perspective this quarter. It's just a multitude of different cost-reduction activities that we have been working on and will continue to work on.
David Wajsgras: It might be easier to give you a little bit of detail around this. So I think that is by the what you're getting at. So if you look at IDS, we've increased guidance 20 basis points to reflect improved performance and cost reductions. Again, nothing unique. It's a lot of the programs we've been talking about, Bill just went through that. From an IIS perspective, they've been impacted primarily by the period costs that will incur as a result of the termination, and that's worth about 20 basis points. Q3 and year-to-date from a missile standpoint, higher than guidance, driven by, again, the timing of the productivity improvements, we're increasing the year by 20 basis points. Again, no particular issue, no particular area, it's just overall cost reductions. NCS, again, SAS continues to perform well, there's nothing unique there. I talked about SAS earlier having a little bit of favorable impact as a result of mix. TS, I mentioned the favorable contract modification earlier being worth about 20 basis points. So I think if you're standing back, you're looking for something unique to say, "Well, there was one event that impacted margins 30 or 40 basis points on the quarter and it's normalized at 12.5%," I think that's frankly the wrong way to look at it. I'll go back to what I said before, it's simply the timing of when we put into our EACs, the impact of these cost-reduction actions. Once they're firm and in place, we're able to take that benefit, and it was notable in Q3, again, throughout the year, and it's just a timing between where we are now and where we'll be as we exit the year.
David Wajsgras: Again, we really don't look at it like that. There is nothing, again, these are just programs we're putting in place. We have 15,000 different contracts, so there's not one area to spike out to say there is a big non-recurring event in Q4.
David Wajsgras: And let me just close out the question based on what Bill just said. Joe, your math is right as well, just like one of your colleagues earlier. With that said, we are continuing to push on a margin-improvement program that could impact the fourth quarter. I want to make sure everybody's on the same page. This is what we're seeing today. We have outperformed our own expectations year-to-date. We're continuing to look at various areas of opportunity. And again, closing out the year at 12.1% to 12.3% is pretty healthy.
David Wajsgras: So this year the gross contribution will be about $1.9 billion. On a net basis, about $1.2 billion. As we're looking ahead, if you assume, which is not an unreasonable assumption, that we maintain the long-term asset return assumption at 8.75%, discount rate environment stays, let's just peg the number at 5.25%. Next year, we'd be looking at a gross funding of about $1 billion and on a net basis, about $300 million. And as we go forward, if you're interested in the FAS/CAS accounting difference, we expect '11, again under those same assumptions, to be between $450 million and $500 million for '11. '12 would be say, between $200 million to $250 million. Now importantly and I'm glad you asked this, see, if the interest rate environment were to adjust and the discount rate say, moved to 6.25%, the FAS/CAS differences would improve from a P&L standpoint by about $200 million favorable.
