Neil Mitchill: Thank you, Jennifer. A lot to cover there. I'm on Slide 8. While we aren't providing our '23 outlook today, let me tell you how I'm thinking about next year. Overall, we expect another year of organic sales and segment operating profit growth with solid free cash flow generation at RTX. On the positive side, we expect that commercial air traffic will continue to recover and the global demand for our defense products and technologies will remain strong. We expect to exit next year at or above 2019 levels for global air traffic. And the significant defense orders we have won should begin to convert to sales. We will continue to drive operational excellence, and we are focused on improving our cost competitiveness. We're using the core operating system to align goals and drive targeted improvements with technology. The collaboration across RTX has already yielded 180 approved projects with a growing pipeline of over 350 future projects, which are focused on smart factories, automation and machine upgrades that will apply best practices to further reduce our structural costs. We will leverage our scale, these additional cost reduction opportunities and pricing to help address the inflation pressures that we expect to remain elevated well into next year. And while we are working many actions across our businesses every day to mitigate the impacts of supply chain constraints and labor availability, as I said, we do expect these pressures will continue to persist into next year as well. Additionally, as we sit here today, we see pressure from increasing interest rates and market volatility and the anticipate a pension headwind next year that could be about $0.40 on a year-over-year basis due to current market conditions. That said, it's important to note that our U.S. plans remain well funded and have even seen an improvement in their funded status year-to-date. And of course, everyone is watching the geopolitical landscape, energy supply in Europe, the continuing resolution and the global tax environment. So with that, let me hand it back to Greg for some closing remarks.
Neil Mitchill: Yes. Peter, the other points I would add from a sales perspective, everything Greg said, I agree with. And we do expect to see mid- to high single-digit sales growth in 2023. So good top line growth, as Greg mentioned. I do expect most of that to come from our commercial businesses. I think even more importantly, we'll see segment operating profit growth exceed the growth rate of sales. So we do expect margin expansion as well next year. And you heard me mention the pension headwind in my prepared remarks. We'll also have to normalize for a tax rate that will be a little bit higher as we come off of a year where we do expect R&D to be repealed into next year, at least that's our current planning assumption. So more to come on that. But just a few extra points on the 2023 outlook. We'll, of course, come back in January with a much better look at what the segments are going to look like.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Yes. And so we've already seen substantial Collins margin expansion as we've gone through the first 9 months of the year. And I expect as the wide-body international traffic recovers, we will continue to see a broadening of the margins at Collins. I'm pretty pleased with the trajectory that they're on. They've been doing a great job controlling costs as well, and they'll do more of that here in the fourth quarter. As you look out into next year, we've talked about some of the pricing actions that we've already taken in our Pratt & Whitney business, Collins and our Pratt Canada business. We'll also introduce revised pricing as we usually do at the beginning of the year. So we do expect that to be considerably higher than what we've seen in the past, reflecting the inflation that we're dealing with across the business. So we're attacking both price and cost as we look at the business going forward. So a number of projects in the pipeline that all of the businesses and Collins, in particular, are looking at. And as I think I said a few -- a couple of months ago, many of the projects that we have looked at around footprint consolidation and automation and digitization of our factories are much more attractive with the inflationary pressures that we're seeing today. So those 350 projects that I alluded to, we're ready to move forward on those and make sure that we structurally change the cost profile of our business going forward.
Neil Mitchill: I think getting out of this year, you'll start to see muted incrementals because the compares get a little more challenging. But clearly, we're on our way back to the 20% margins that we committed to at our Investor Day back in 2021.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, David. I'll keep this at a high level, but certainly back -- coming in January, I'll give you a little more details. But with the operating profit growth, we would expect that to convert to free cash flow. I expect a little bit of headwind on capital as that inches up just a tad as we finish off some of these large investments, particularly an upgrade of our facilities in Texas at the RIS business as well as the completion of the Asheville facility for Pratt. However, a couple of other moving pieces. Working capital, I expect we'll see inventory to continue to grow. We'll try to manage that through payables and other parts of our working capital. But certainly, we need the inventory with all the constraints that we faced in supply chain this year. We want to make sure we're prepared to deliver on the growing aftermarket and growing OE business that we'll see. Long story short, I do expect free cash flow to grow organically. We'll also -- we're anticipating a refund of the tax payments that we're making this year. Again, assuming that the -- there is ultimately a repeal of the R&D capitalization provision. So let me leave it at that for now. But certainly, in January, we'll provide a better walk.
Neil Mitchill: $0.30 incremental to the $0.10 we had already forecasted. And that's really driven by asset returns being below our ROA as well as rising interest rates causing higher interest expense. So more to come. We obviously threw all those assumptions up at the end of the year, but that's where we see it as of today. I do not expect that to be a major cash issue for us. And if there are any future FAS funding requirements, those will be offset by higher CAS recoveries in the future. So not a cash issue, but a P&L issue right now.
Neil Mitchill: So you hit the nail on the head. It's -- as you look sequentially from Q3 into Q4, most of the degradation, if you will, the step down in that profit is higher commercial engine shipments, which, as we've been talking about, have been kind of pushed to the back end of the year. So that's really the major driver of what you see in terms of the walk from Q3 to Q4 on op profit. As we look out a little further, I'm not going to get into specific numbers, but we certainly expect OE deliveries in the large engine business to step up next year aligned with our customer requirements. And I do expect we'll see some movement towards the margin goals that Pratt put out there 1.5 years ago. There's a long ways to go here, but a lot of that will be fueled by a growing aftermarket, the recovery on the V2500s. We've also seen considerable strength in the PW2000s and 4000s. Recall that about 40% of that fleet powers cargo aircraft. So continues to be really strong there. And of course, the GTF will turn to profit. And we will see -- on the aftermarket side, we will see the shop visits begin as we get through next year and into the middle of the decade. So Pratt is positioned to expand the margins. There's still a lot of work to do. Greg talked about some of the incremental cost reduction actions that they're taking. They're going through an exhaustive review of every element of the business in terms of driving out both SG&A as well as structural operational costs in the manufacturing facility. So I find it encouraging, but I'm not going to commit to some numbers today, but we'll get that out there again in January, and you'll see that in full transparency then.
Neil Mitchill: I think it can. Yes, it's been down as we planned for lower F135 deliveries. That's been partially offset by growing sustainment revenues, and we've talked about that aftermarket for the F135 engine will continue to grow in the future as well. So we should see that stabilize. Similarly, at Collins, military is down mid-single digits for the year. I do expect same phenomena to begin as we turn the page into 2023.
Neil Mitchill: So great question. The international cash receipts are not tied to the margin in the fourth quarter. However, every international advance is subject to some risk. And there's a couple of very large ones here. I believe that we have line of sight to get them within the year. But if it's not within the year, it's certainly just timing. But certainly a watch item for us, not subject to government approval. But certainly a watch item for us, and hence, the reason I called it out there in the script as we look at the rest of the year. But I do feel good about the rest of our actions to drive free cash flow. We had very, very strong cash flow, notwithstanding the $1.5 billion payment. Tax payments will be less, obviously, in the fourth quarter as we make the rest of the payment we're required to make to meet the new law for R&D.
Neil Mitchill: So Kristine, there's a lot of moving pieces here. And obviously, our crystal ball is not terribly clear as to where inflation is going. But I do think it's going to persist at elevated levels as we go into 2023, and that's what we're planning for. And so we, fortunately, have -- a good portion of our supply base is committed under long-term agreements. But as you know, those continue to roll over. And we're looking at long-term pricing solutions and working with our suppliers to beat back some of those price increase requests. On the top line, I talked about the pricing actions that we've begun to take that we take every year. But they are significantly larger than our historical pricing increases in the commercial aftermarket business. And on the defense side, we're able to pass a lot of that through to our government customer as we set up new contracts with them and update our forward pricing rate. So we're working through all of that. I'm not going to put a number on it, but Greg talked about the level of inflation we've seen this year, and I expect it to be even larger next year. So it's going to require even more projects. We've got all of those in process right now. The teams are working very aggressively to accelerate the savings from those projects. And many of them were started years ago, and they were starting to bear fruit in terms of the digitization that we're undertaking across the company, upgrades of our systems and improvement of information flow around the company. So a lot of actions, a lot of singles, some doubles. But it's going to take a lot of work here for us to mitigate a sustained level of 6%, 7%, 8% types of inflation rates.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Ken. So a couple of thoughts. Most of what you're seeing at Pratt through the third quarter is really just volume. And we have talked about the shop visits going up about 20% on a full year basis. We saw about a 10% growth here in the third quarter. I think we've got a pretty good line of sight to the fourth quarter at this point. So I think the 20% up year-over-year still sticks. The other element of the aftermarket that Pratt is seeing is higher content per shop visit, which again was expected for us to see that as these aircraft are now flying at much greater and sustained levels than they were over the last couple of years. So good story on the aftermarket, but I don't think any of the pricing actions have yet to kind of flow through in the results reported to date.
Neil Mitchill: That is true. Keep in mind, a number of our customers have contracts in place as well. So some of that increase is muted, but there's a number of them that do not. And you will see that drop through, and that will help to offset some of the headwinds that we're dealing with there as well.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Neil. So there's a lot going on, a lot of moving pieces. And I think the key takeaways that I hope people get from this is most importantly, our backlog is up $12 billion since the beginning of the year. And we're investing $9 billion this year to support the growth that's going to come over these next couple of years. The future remains absolutely bright for RTX. The 2025 commitments that we laid out a year ago may remain in sight. And we're not going to back off from any of those, be it top line, bottom line or cash. So Neil laid out 3 challenges that are out there, right, supply chain, right? It's a challenge. There's no doubt about it. We've got 13,000 suppliers. And of those 13,000, about 400 of them are a problem for us. But we've deployed teams to almost all of those suppliers to work with them on a daily basis, getting them raw material, giving them contract labor, giving them technical support, all of the things that you would expect us to be doing. On labor availability, it's a challenge. Everybody sees it, especially in the supply chain. And I think what's interesting for -- at RTX is we have hired 27,000 people in '22. That's about 3,000 a month since the beginning of the year. Our total headcount today is over 180,000. The challenge, though, is we would need about 10,000 more people. So a lot of work yet to do on labor. It's out there. It's a great place to work. And people come to RTX because of the mission. And so we have a, I think, a very good pipeline. We'll continue to hire at this rate. And again, the challenge will be in the supply chain. On inflation, we came into the year expecting about $1.5 billion of cost growth between compensation and then what we saw in the supply chain and energy prices. That $1.5 billion has turned out to be closer to $2 billion, so about $500 million of additional headwind that we didn't expect as we came into the year. You couple that with about $200 million of headwind from the cessation of activities in Russia back in February, and there's about $700 million of headwind that we came into the year that we had to overcome. The good news is we have found ways to save. We have cut costs across the business. We've got about 500 cost-reduction projects that we're currently working. And so despite that $700 million, we've been able to maintain guidance for the year just where we saw it back in January of this year. So it's been a tough year. It's going to be a tough year going forward. We know that. We recognize it. But the fact is we have the tools and the people to make it all happen. So I'll stop there, and we'll turn it back to the operator, and we'll take whatever questions you might have.
Greg Hayes: Yes. I think, Peter, you're exactly right. We expect strong growth on the commercial aerospace side to continue. RPMs will continue to recover back to the 2019 levels. And so we're going to see strong OE growth as Boeing and Airbus take up production rates. And we expect to see strong aftermarket growth as well, again, as airlines continue to add capacity and try and keep the planes they have flying. So commercial aero, I think it's all good for next year. On the defense side, we will see some growth. It won't be as robust as we would like. I would tell you, it goes back to those challenges that we talked about. Really, it's about labor availability and some of the supply chain challenges. But we should start to -- again, we saw stabilization here in the third quarter in the supply chain. We've gotten a little bit better in terms of bringing material in, but we've got a long way to go. So that will be the governor, I would say. It's not the backlog. It's simply the availability of material coming in to the shops.
Greg Hayes: No, I think you pretty well covered it. I mean, the other obvious issue is international sales, which tend to be more profitable on the defense side are down comparatively. And again, some of the newer contracts have much lower margins than what we had on some of the existing -- as we transition from Patriot to LTAMDS production, you're going to see a big mix shift there or margin degradation for a couple of years until we get through the low rate initial production contracts.
Greg Hayes: Yes. Look, I think we're all in this together. And as we sit here in Washington and we're going to be talking to the folks at DoD tomorrow, there is concern about the supply chain challenges as we are. And yeah, they're putting DFAS ratings on many things to try and move up in the queue with the supply chain. But the challenge, and again, it's not just defense. I mean, I go to the -- on Pratt structural castings we've been talking about it all year, still remain a challenge. And it's not necessarily a capacity issue. It's a labor availability. I mean, how do you get trained welders working efficiently. And it's -- that remains a challenge. As I think about this, though, we saw about a 5% incremental improvement in our build or kit efficiencies this quarter. That's -- we had hoped to be about 10 points higher than that. We -- by the end of the year, we hope to be at 80%. We're not going to get there. I think if we're lucky, we'll get to about a 70% kit fill rate by the end of the year, which is the reason why we had to take RMD sales guidance down. I do think as we're looking through this that by the end of next year, we should start to see some of this abate. Again, because the economy is slowing down, more people available in the supply chain to work. But some things like rocket motors, we literally do not see a recovery path there to -- on contract until sometime in the first half of 2024. So this is not a short-term fix. And I think we're fully prepared that next year is going to be kind of a hand to mouth on the supply chain. As I said in the opening comments, we have worked with like the chip manufacturers, the OE, the OEMs to get some assured supply, and that seems to be working. The offset of that, of course, is it's a lot of inventory sitting here. We've added about $1.1 billion of inventory for the year to make sure that we do have the things that we need to build these products. So long-winded answer, it's not over yet, and I think it's going to be most of 2023 before we really get out of the woods on the supply chain.
Greg Hayes: A long time from now. Let's be clear, right? We're just introducing the Advantage engine, the A320 or the 1100 GTF Advantage engine. That will go into service in 2024. That will have a very long life cycle, like 30 years on it. Over the next 20 years, I think what you're going to see, Ron, and you know this, there's going to be an evolution probably towards hybrid electric propulsion at least in regional jet and turboprop markets. We have yet to find a way to make the case for long-range propulsion with anything other than Jet A. And that's the challenge. I mean, we're talking -- we're working with hydrogen. We're working with ammonia. We're working with a number of different things to improve efficiency. SAF is an interesting option. It's not carbon-free really depending upon the feedstocks. So that's -- again, that will help in terms of the emissions mandate, but it's not the solution. So I think we're investing a lot of money today in these advanced technologies. And we've got a project, as you know, between Collins and Pratt to do a hybrid electric demonstrator on a regional turboprop. But again, I think those technologies are 15 or 20 years out. We're going to focus now on kind of incremental improvements in the gear. And the gear is not done, right? I mean, the gear, we've always said that it can scale up, it can scale down. And we've got a great family of engines today. And I think -- as we think about next-generation single aisle whenever that is, probably 2030, we're going to have, I would say, the next evolution of the gear. But it's still going to be jet engine as you see it today with Jet A. Maybe it's all SAF, but it's still the same turbomachinery that we're talking about today.
Greg Hayes: Right now, we follow the lead of the DoD and State on sales to Saudi Arabia. We still continue to work with Saudi Arabia and especially on the defensive side. I think it's important, we've had a very long-term relationship with the Saudis. And again, the key for us is providing the Saudi's defensive capabilities. And primarily, that means GEM-T missiles for the Patriot antimissile anti-aircraft battery. So we have not seen any impact from some of the talk in Washington about suspending arm sales. Just to, again, put it in perspective, it's about 1.7% of our total sales go to Saudi Arabia. It's not a big number. But I think it's an important ally. And I believe that we'll get through this difficult time that we're seeing right now in terms of diplomatic relations because ultimately, they are a staunch ally in the Middle East and a key player in Middle Eastern stability.
Greg Hayes: Yes, Kristine, just to add to that. I think the biggest inflationary impact really comes in compensation. So we spend roughly $20 billion a year in compensation. And every year, for the last 10 years, we've targeted somewhere around 3% or 3.5% increases. We're obviously seeing more pressure on compensation, given what's going on in the marketplace today. But the fact is, this is not new. And we are always looking for productivity improvements, productivity improvements in the factories, productivity in the back-office functions and everything that we do. So it's a concerted effort. I'm not, again, terribly concerned about the impact on margins just because I know that we know how to take cost out of the business. Some of it we get to pass on, as Neil said, through our overhead rates to our government customers. And we're also, I think, being aggressive on pricing on the commercial side of the business. So we've got a lot of levers. Inflation, hopefully, it's -- I won't even use the word transitory because I think that's been proven a myth. But it will be here for a while. So we're going to continue to look for ways to drive cost out and to pass cost on. And I think that's just what we do every day.
Greg Hayes: Yes, Cai, obviously, the second 174 nonsense is a little disconcerting because we're hoping, again, we're going to get a tax law change here at the end of the year with tax extenders which, as you know, will give us a refund of the $1.5 billion that we've already paid sometime in the first quarter of next year -- I guess, April, actually. But the fact is, as we think about share buyback, we are firmly committed to the $20 billion of capital return. This year, we said $2.5 billion plus. I suspect next year that that number will look like a $3 billion plus number. And again, the timing of that will really depend upon when we see the cash if we do from this Section 174 repeal. But again, I think you can count on us to continue to be aggressive in share buyback along with the continue to increase the dividend each year.
Greg Hayes: We'd still do $3 billion. We have programmed this in for the next couple of years to hit that $20 billion target. Keep in mind, the Section 174 is a timing issue. And eventually, we do get the deductions back. Next year, we'll get to deduct 20% of what we deferred this year, but it is a timing. And by 2025, most of the impact of this has abated because of the ability to amortize most of this. So again, while it's important, it's not going to really change capital allocation in terms of what we have committed to.
Greg Hayes: Okay. Thank you, and thank you all for listening in. Just a reminder, Jennifer and team will be available today to take on your questions. Also just a note, this is [Erin Somers'] last earnings call with us. She is moving on to be CFO of our International business for RMD. So congratulations to Erin, if you guys are talking to her later today. Thank you all for listening, and we'll see you soon. Take care.
