Gregory J. Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Neil. Let's just take a step back if we can for a minute. I know there's a lot of information we've given you today, but really I think there are three key takeaways from our discussion. First of all, I believe we have our arms around the operational and financial impacts of the powdered metal issue. Our focus at Pratt & Whitney and across RTX is now executing on those plans that Chris laid out. Secondly, strong demand continues in our end markets. That's evidenced by the 12% organic revenue growth we saw this quarter and the $190 billion backlog we ended the quarter with. Finally, we see tremendous value in RTX today and we're going to utilize our strong balance sheet to take advantage of this through a $10 billion ASR. With that, let me stop and open it up for questions.
Gregory J. Hayes: No, I think -- thanks, Peter. What we laid out, as you recall, back in September, we talked about the fact that some of the costs associated with the inspection interval, will end up in contract accounting at Pratt. And that'll depress margins on the aftermarket by about a point over time. Not significant, but it’s all contemplated in the Pratt guidance as we think about 2024, 2025.
Gregory J. Hayes: Yes, sure. Sheila, the question around the ASR timing, I think it's a relevant question. And I would tell you we had a fulsome discussion with the board, about the timing of the ASR. And what convinced the management team and the board that it was the right time is our confidence in the powdered metal resolution. And having bound the financial impact of that, we saw this as an opportune time to double down on the stock. And again, if you think about it, we bought $2.6 billion back year to date. This is another $10 billion at what I believe to be a significant discount to intrinsic value. And this is the time to buy. And I think we're doubling down in terms of our confidence, confidence in the future of RTX, but also confidence that we really do have our arms around the powered metal issue.
Gregory J. Hayes: Kristine, let me start on that. So as I think I mentioned earlier in the conversation, we've seen about $3 billion of orders so far related to Ukraine replenishment. And that's really the replenishing U.S. war stocks. We expect another $4 billion of orders in the next two years. And most of that will play out over the next 24 to 36 months in terms of delivery. So you won't see a big revenue pop, even next year from this. As we think about this next tranche, the president's $100 billion plus request, which is more than $40 billion for Ukraine. What you're going to see is the same things that we have been seeing but in much higher quantities. So obviously, NACAM systems, which is the short range air defense system, and the Amram, munitions that we're using there. We're going to see those orders pick up. We would think significantly. The same is true with the Patriot air defense system. Again, those are GEMT (ph) missiles, that we supply for that. Those are in short supply today. So again, a big ramp there. But you'll also going to see other weapons systems come into play, specifically around countering the unmanned air vehicles. And we have systems today like the Coyote, which is very effective in terms of short range, dealing with these unmanned air vehicles. So again, I think really across the entire Raytheon portfolio, you're going to see a benefit of this restocking. On top of what we think is going to be an increase in DOD top line. Again, as we continue to replenish war stocks and also replenish some of the fleet in Pacific. So that's SM2s, SM3s, and other munitions that are really a huge part of this backlog that we've got today.
Gregory J. Hayes: I would no -- actually, I wouldn't say they're margin accretive, nor would I say they're detrimental to margins. These are going out at kind of normal cost type programs, right? So you're talking about margins 10%, 11%, 12%. And again, these are well known in terms of the cost of these systems. We've been producing them for years. So we know what the costs are. And again, I think -- again, it's helpful to overall margins, but it's not hugely accretive. Again, I think Neil 10 to 12 was kind of kind of the sweet spot.
Gregory J. Hayes: Okay. Thanks Latif, and thanks all for listening in today. As always, Jennifer and the IR team will be around to take your calls, and we look forward to seeing all of you in the coming weeks and months. Take care. Thank you.
Christopher Calio: Hey, Noah, it's Chris. Maybe I'll start and then ask Neil to talk about the consolidated Raytheon. First, in terms of the end markets, demand remains very robust. Here, Neil, talk about the 1.17 book to bill in the quarter, excuse me, year-to-date, the $7.4 billion in bookings in the quarter and the overall backlog of $50 billion. So really strong demand for the products. That said, we have had some headwinds. We've had some inflation hitting some fixed price programs. We've had a handful of challenging fixed price development contracts that have been a bit of a drag. That said, we have had some productivity gains in certain areas. As you might suspect, those mature higher volume programs, we have had some efficiency gains by leveraging supply chain with larger buys. And as we look forward, the supplier volume is growing. Labor attrition rates are decreasing, and frankly stabilizing. So those are some very positive signs as kind of we look forward in the defense business. And I'll say we just need to get through key milestones on those fixed price development contracts. We've talked about those on several calls now. And we've got some key milestones coming up over the next 12 months or so, that we've got to hit and get these programs through those milestones and then ultimately sold off.
Christopher Calio: Myles, this is Chris. Maybe I'll kick it off. The single, I think, biggest lever that we've got here and you kind of alluded to it is MRO output. I mean, obviously, it's a challenging time for the customers. There's going to be a fair amount of the aircraft on the ground. We've got to accelerate MRO output. And the key parts of those are capacity and material flow. On the capacity side, you heard about the expansions that we're doing both within the Pratt shops and across the network. In terms of material flow, you've heard us talk about this before, our objective is to put in full life HPT and HPC disks at these shop visits. And we've got to go continue to ramp those up. Again, that ramp up is well underway and progressing in key process steps like the powdered metal production, forging and heat treat. Investments have already been made and that capacity is in place. And then for more downstream processes like sonic inspection and machining, we're accelerating capacity there to make sure that we can meet this demand. And so some of this performed by Pratt and our partners and some by third parties. But again, very, very focused on the inspection capacity and the machining capacity. But at the end of the day, MRO output is what's going to support our customers and ultimately take down the AOGs and therefore take down the penalties we're going to have to pay to our customers.
Christopher Calio: Yeah. Fair enough. It is the same, but we've accelerated as best we can. Some of these investments, I mean, they were in our plan. We've accelerated as much of that spend as we can. And again, it's bringing on the inspection capacity into the MRO shops. That's a key to unlocking, sort of the MRO throughput that I talked about. And then just, beyond that for a second Myles, you heard us talk earlier about the 35 or so day turnaround times on those project visits. And again, we know those aren't preponderance of the visits we're going to get. But there's a lot of learning’s that go on and a lot of learning curve that gets tackled when we're doing these things. So it's how quickly can we tear down? Inspection limits, repairs, test sell time, literally every part through every gate and MRO, taking time out and being more efficient and putting more resources in those areas.
Christopher Calio: Sure. Yeah, thanks for the question. So I think we had telegraphed on the last calls, we're going through our analysis is that those fleets would be far more manageable in terms of the impact. And while we will have, inspections and life limits on the 1500 in 1900. As we said, they will largely fall within the shop visit forecast we have today. The maintenance intervals on those frankly, are shorter than on the 1100. And so that's why many of these life limits and inspections fit within those plans. On the V2500, again, we've continued down that, inspection, accelerated inspection path we've had in place for about two years now. We're about halfway through that, through that fleet. And as we continue to do those inspections and learn more and analyze the data from those inspections. We're able to pinpoint, certain engines based on sort of their profile. Parts they've got in them thrust, you know, other characteristics that we've targeted for accelerated, you know, inspections. But again, think that's very manageable. That's a total of about a 100 or less shop visits stretched out over four years. And again, those are largely going to be project visit work scopes. And we've got a lot of experience on project visit work scope on the V2500. Those are in a 40 to 45 day turnaround time. We've become very, very proficient at those. So again, that's why we're calling those very manageable and will not have significant financial or operational impact.
Christopher Calio: Hey, Ron, this is Chris. Yes, the incident that led to all of this was in March of 2020. And it wasn't until after we went through sort of a rigorous records review and did all of the investigation and the metallurgical analysis. Did we actually come to realize this was an incredibly rare defect. We hadn't seen it before. And then we were able to go back and trace it to 2015. But again, we didn't we didn't have that, the data in hand to make that determination until again much later into 2020. And if you just sort of step back and say, okay, once you figure that out, what would you guys do about it? Well, we made a number of systemic changes, you know, a Pratt powder metal processing facility, both manufacturing process changes and inspection techniques, we've gone through a rigorous safety risk assessment. I think you've heard us describe before, which incorporated all of the learnings from all of our inspection data into our models, right across every one of our programs. And you've seen us kind of go through those one by one as we prioritize the most impacted fleets. But again, it gets read across every single engine program that we've got. And then of course, we've responded by developing comprehensive fleet management plans that have a combination of the enhanced inspections that we've developed and the life limits on the parts. I would say maybe more broadly and unrelated to powdered -- the powdered metal situation. We've continued to leverage outside resources and expertise. We've got a product safety review committee comprised of outside industry experts and veterans that come in, look at our key engineering processes, do site visits, interview senior management and then below trying to understand culture and processes and what we can do better and they make recommendations. And we implement those. And that's something we do on a regular basis. Again, unrelated to the powdered metal, but we're not afraid to go leverage outside resources to give us another perspective.
Christopher Calio: But we're going to continue to invest, Ron, in automation for sure, both in terms of manufacturing process, and our quality system. I'll tell you, we're also making investments in machine learning so that we can look at all of this, the thousands and thousands of inspection records and data that we've got, you know, in house to help us better identify anomalies get out ahead of issues before they, turn into something, unfortunately, that has an impact on the fleet and on our customers. So we're going to continue to invest in those areas. We've had those investments plans in place. We're going to continue to accelerate those. Again, all part of the modernization of our footprint, and how we do things better, faster, leaner.
Christopher Calio: Thanks. That's a good question. Yes, some of that is, in fact, the recovery of the 2022 overpayments, if you will, we were able to file our tax return on a basis that assumed deductibility of these cost plus R&D contracts. What will happen though is it'll be a little bit of a headwind next year because we'll get a little bit more cash back this year in the form of making lower estimated tax payments. And then next year, we'll start to bake that into our next year's estimated tax payments and filing. So that's how that'll play out. If you kind of look at it over a multi-year period of time. It's about 40% of what we previously were deferring and amortizing. So if you kind of stretch that through 2026, that's about $1.7 billion of incremental goodness in free cash flow over that period.
Christopher Calio: Yep. Good questions, Doug. So the reason I mentioned the early, very early sort of handful of project visits and how we've done on turnaround times is honestly just to show, people that we are incredibly focused on taking minutes, hours, days out of this. And that can translate to the larger scope shop visits that we're going to face. And the organization's incredibly focused on literally every gate, within that process, including taking time out of the test cell process. But right now, Doug, those key assumptions that you just laid out the wing to wing 250 to 300, the PKOGs, those are the assumptions, those are what's baked in to the financial impact that we talked about here. And we're doing everything that we can to go, improve upon those. And as I said earlier, MRO output to us is the linchpin on that. And so I -- that's kind of where the organization's focus is, Doug, and that's where we've got to get better each and every day. To your point about, the new full life discs, yes, our plan today is to put those in, at OE first, in the first quarter of the year and then starting an MRO in the second quarter of the year at each of these shop visits, to the extent that the ramp up and the output isn't where it needs to be on those. We're not going to waste the induction slot. Doug, the engines will come in, they'll get an inspection into your point. They'll have to then come back in at a 2,800 to 3,800 cycle re-inspect, depending on the thrust of the engine, which is why it's so critical for us to continue this, ramp up in powdered metal forgings. So that when the engines leave the shop for these visits, they have got the longest time on wing, they can have and we don't see these back in our MRO shops during this period just because it'll add just more congestion.
Christopher Calio: We're actually having those discussions, Doug. I've been part of many of them, again, customer-by-customer looking at their engines by serial number. Again, because you've got to look at the cycle times on those and bounce them off against the fleet management plan. So it is, it's a rigorous thorough process, but we're having those conversations with customers. So they understand their specific impacts. As we said back, on the September call, the lion's share of these incremental shop visits that we're going to have the 600 to 700 in that ‘23 to ‘26. But two-thirds of those are ‘23 and relatively early in 2024. That's what causes that bow wave, Doug, that peak of 650 AOGs. And I think we talked earlier about when we're going to, provide some of those service bolt-ins and the ADs that are going to follow on. So that -- those communications are happening, you’re going to see that impact early in ‘24.
Christopher Calio: Sure, Ken. Yes. Thanks for the question. So the focus, as you might imagine, over the last several months is walking our customers through the safety risk analysis, so that they understand that and what we're doing to ensure the continued safe operation of the fleet, then understanding the fleet management plans, cyclic limits, the inspection intervals, and its impact on their specific fleets. We're going to have certain customers, Ken that are going to be more impacted than others, just by virtue of their size, their reliance on the GTF. Again, it differs by customer. Conversations, as you might imagine, they're difficult. Customers understand what we're doing from a safety risk perspective, and think we're doing the right thing, but they're certainly not happy with the net effect. And they've not been happy with the fleet health even prior to powdered metal and our output on MRO and getting them the spare assets, and the engines in our shops, that the need. And so those are obviously difficult conversations, as you might imagine, Ken, and we’re having them with each customer individually as we go through and tailor their support packages. Again, some are more impacted then others, but those conversations are ongoing, and they will continue into the early part of year once people truly understand a fleet-by-fleet customer-by-customer impact and the changes they’re going to have to make for their flights, their network and what not. So those conversation are happening will progress early into next year.
Neil G. Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. Let me just pick up on that where you left off. We definitely did provide a consolidated view, you're looking at margins around the midpoint, a little bit north of 12% when you get into 2025. I think as we look at the backlog, and the mix of what we see the sales shifting to between now and then we talked about, this year being sort of the low point of our mix, more domestically focused that we see that increasing over the next couple of years to be bit heavier on the foreign side, not surprising given the demand signals that we're seeing. So those are going to be the key drivers that get us heading in that direction. What we do know is that we have a really large backlog, $50 billion on the defense side right now and expect that to continue to grow. And we're focused on executing as we transition a number of programs as Chris was alluding to from early production to full rate production and those programs mature. So we know the formula for driving productivity. We have seen some challenges this year. And I think on the development programs, we'll see that happen over the next 12 months, but that's the story longer term.
Neil G. Mitchill: It's going to be more weighted to 2025. We've got, as you know, a growing backlog here, but that will play out in sales probably later next year and accelerating through 2025.
Neil G. Mitchill: Okay. Set. Thanks for the question. You know, we're not going to get ahead of 2024, but we do see free cash flow stepping up. We are comfortable with our $7.5 billion 2025 free cash flow target that we've talked about. And as you think about what is going to be higher interest and increased benefit from the R&D impact. Those will just about offset in 2025. And so that's why today, I feel comfortable staying with the $7.5 billion target for 2025. Of course, there's a lot of time between now and then, but those are the two moving pieces we see today.
Neil G. Mitchill: I think that's exactly right. These are mature programs that we've got a lot of history on. It's all about getting the supply chain ramped up to deal with the increased production that we expect.
