Greg Hayes: Okay. Thanks, Neil. We're on slide 13. So a lot of moving pieces as always. But I would tell you, we actually exited 2021 with really good momentum across the businesses. And we expect to make further progress on our priorities here as we enter into 2022. First and foremost, let me repeat that we're focused on keeping our employees safe, keeping our commercial customers flying and protecting the war fighter while they defend our country and allies and of course, supporting our suppliers. We're also going to continue to invest in differentiated technology and innovation to maintain our industry-leading positions, which will drive growth over the long term, and of course, to capitalize on our growing end markets. At the same time, our leadership team is making significant progress to reduce structural costs, drive operational efficiency through our core operating system and to deliver on our synergy commitments. Finally, we remain disciplined with capital allocation. We have a very strong balance sheet, along with our cash-generating capabilities supports investments in our businesses and our commitment to returning capital to shareowners, including at least $20 billion in the first four years following the merger, as I said earlier. I'm confident in our ability to deliver both top and bottom line growth and margin expansion across our businesses this year, as we continue to leverage the growth opportunities that are in front of us. So with that, let's turn it over to Lisa, and we'll take whatever questions you might have. Thank you.
Greg Hayes: Yes, Rob, that's a really good question. And I think RTX, just like many other large companies, has seen its share of supply disruptions, I would say. And it's really -- I would bucket it in two different ways. One is, in our supply chain, we see some labor shortages with skilled positions. And I can think of probably the most important one right now is in the casting -- castings, where we see a shortage of welders. And so, we're working with our suppliers to make sure that we can get demand or get supplied back up to demand. It's not going to happen here in the first quarter. We see that we're going to have a slow Q1, as Neil said, primarily at Pratt, that will also impact a little bit at Collins. We're also seeing, I think, as we talked about, a slowdown of receipts on the defense side of the business. We saw that in December. That's gotten a little bit worse than what we had seen at the end of the third quarter.  And I would say, again, there's two pieces to that. Obviously, the Omicron variant had a significant impact on our -- not just our workforce, but our suppliers' workforce. But also, again, the labor shortage that we're seeing as well as the need to continue to drive wages up to attract talent. Just to put it in perspective, we've got about 13,000 product suppliers. We are monitoring the supply chain on a daily basis. There are less than 100, I would say out there that are giving us real concern, but it only takes one to make us miss a shipment. So we're actively trying to manage this. I think we're doing a good job, but we certainly will see some impact here in the first quarter from supply chain. 
Greg Hayes: Yes. Noah, I think that the most important part just to reinforce what Neil said is really the -- our forecast for the aftermarket really is dependent upon a wide-body recovery. And as you know, that is primarily a Pacific reopening. So you have to see China reopening. We have to see all of the countries in the Pacific Rim start to reopen, which will allow traffic to recover. Your guess is as good as mine with the China zero COVID policy that they have, whether or not we'll see that here in the second quarter or the third quarter or the fourth quarter. Right now, we're assuming in the second quarter, we start to see it. And we'll hopefully see that kind of progression throughout the year, which will get us back on track to give wide-body back to 2019 levels, hopefully by the end of 2023.
Greg Hayes: Yes, Peter, it's a good question. And I think the answer is, obviously, we are seeing, I would say, opportunities for international sales. We just have to look to last week where we saw the drone attack in the UAE, which attacked some of their facilities. And of course, the tensions in Eastern Europe, the tensions in the South China Sea, all of those things are putting pressure on some of the defense spending over there. So I fully expect we're going to see some benefit from it. I would say, though, that should there be hostilities, whether it's in the Middle East or whether it's in the Asia Pacific region, you're not going to see an immediate benefit here because what you'll see is a reallocation of inventory that we already have out there with the services. But I fully expect we should see a recovery in the international defense maybe in the book-to-bill, well north of one as we move into 2022 and beyond. One of the biggest drivers, of course, will be LTAMs. And I think, again, that's probably a 2023 benefit. We'll start to see bookings then for LTAMs, which, of course, is the upgrade of the Patriot Missile Defense system. But that will be, again, a couple of years out. 
Greg Hayes: Let me take a shot at it, Ron, then I'll turn it over to the former CFO at Pratt to answer the actual contract question. Maybe just to put it in perspective, to-date, on the GTF program, we have had more than 12 million flight hours on that. In the last 12 months, dispatch reliability has been 99.96%. So, I know that we had a lot of teething problems back in 2016 and 2017, and we talked ad nauseam about all of those teething problems. And obviously, it impacted some of our time on wing, impacted some of those maintenance support contracts. But given where we are from a reliability standpoint today, those programs will start to generate positive cash flow coming up as the first full shop visits happen in the next year and beyond. And I actually feel pretty good about where we are on those contracts given the robustness of the current engine. Of course, in 2023, we're going to be delivering the advantage engine, which gives again better fuel burn and we think even more durability, which, again, will only benefit those aftermarket contracts.
Greg Hayes: Okay, Myles, it's a good question. And I would just say a couple of things that -- a couple of points I would make. First of all, we did make good progress on OEM deliveries last year. We were on contract as we exited the year for F1-35 deliveries. And we also made good progress, I would tell you, in the shops in terms of supporting the overhauls. I think we had about 80 overhauls of the power modules last year, which is double what we saw in 2020. That number is going to probably double again this year. So again, we feel pretty good about the engine where it is today. Obviously, I think everybody that follows the program understands that you're going to need more power on that engine. You're going to need better fuel efficiency in that engine. And there are two different -- there are two choices, I think, in front of the services today. One is to do an upgrade of the current engine. We call that the EEP program, which is an enhanced version of the F1-35 or you could see a whole new engine, which would be the adaptive engine that both GE and Pratt are currently testing. Of course, those engines are years away. We're talking late in this decade before you would ever see those on the aircraft. Frankly, what we think is, from a risk standpoint, a single-engine fighter, an upgrade of the current engine was probably the most cost effective, lowest risk solution. And again, I think that's something that we're working with the customer on. We think that is a much lower cost than the adaptive engines that we're developing. And the adaptive engines are really targeted for sixth-gen fighter, which again will probably not be fielded until the end of this decade. So again, we've got options. We're working with the customer. The first and most important thing, of course, is to keep the engines that we've got out there flying. And so we're supporting the folks out in the shops around the world making sure that that happens and also continuing to drive OEM productions as we mature in the program.
Greg Hayes: So let me start here. First of all, we have seen inflation, obviously, I think, like everybody else. It has been higher than what we expected, I would say, towards the end of last year. As we think about 2022, we've probably got about $150 million of, I would say, price pressure from unexpected inflation in the supply chain. Now typically, we entered the year, and we'll see about $200 million or so of pricing pressure that we go out and we work to alleviate. I mean, the whole goal here is to keep input costs flat year-over-year. So we go out, we work cost reduction. This year, we got a little more work to do. That $150 million of inflation impact is baked into the guidance that Neil took you all through before. And it's something we're keeping an eye on. The labor inflation, obviously, is also a little trouble. We're seeing it in our own shops. The good news is most of that, we can price it on the government side and pass that along to our customers. But again, there will be pressure. And what we have to do, of course, is figure out ways to continue to reduce costs. That's why we've got the core operating system to let us go out and find efficiencies in the factories so that we can get productivity to offset the continued pressure on wages. But again, our hope here is that we're going to see inflation start to slow down here by the back half of this year. And we'll have to keep an eye on it. And again, I think it's everybody's concern across the country right now when you see 7% inflation, that's a big headline. And we've got to keep after it.
Greg Hayes: Yes, that's -- that is a great question, and one I think that we're all wrestling with right now. And I would tell you there is – I would say, several different markets here. Obviously, the Boost Glide is an interesting market as we saw the Chinese demonstrate that capability. We've also -- of course, we've demonstrated our capability to launch a air breathing, which is the hypersonic missile that we did the test on late last year. I think both of those technologies are going to be funded going forward. I think most importantly, however, is what are going to be the defensive systems against hypersonics. And again, I think those are the things that will provide us the biggest opportunity, whether that's going to be directed energy, some anti-hypersonic glide vehicles things that we're working on. There's a lot of money being devoted to this. Unfortunately, most of it, as you can imagine, is classified. We really can't go into what those individual technologies are. But I would tell you that, any defense would be a layered defense where you'd be using ground-based effectors, you'd be using ship-based effectors as well as potentially directed energy. And we're going to continue to work on that with the Air Force this year. And we'll hopefully have some interesting opportunities as the year unfolds.
Greg Hayes: Doug, that's an interesting question. Obviously, when we originally -- the original design of GTF, there were a couple of different priorities. One, obviously, was fuel burn. That was a 15% benefit over the V2500. We clearly achieved that. What we did not achieve, I would say, in the first few years of delivery was a robust engine. We had teething problems, as we've talked about, primarily around the combustor and primarily in some of the more difficult environment environments like India. And so of course, that impacted the aftermarket as we brought those engines back sometimes within a year or two of shipping them to update the combustor. Right now, I would tell you the combustors there are lasting at least 10,000 hours now, which is good news. And we're starting to see that already in these -- in the aftermarket contracts. As you said though -- as Neil said before, the average age is only about three years on these GTFs. So, we're not seeing the overhaul activity in a significant number yet, but we will in the coming two or three years. And I think you'll start to see margins improve in the aftermarket once we start going through and doing the heavier overhauls. Will they ever get to the same level of profitability as the V2500? Absolutely. It's just going to -- keep in mind, the V2500 has been out there for 30 years. It's not a brand-new engine. It's a very, very durable engine. And it's just it will take us time to get the number of engines out there to drive the kind of efficiencies in the aftermarket. But we fully expect. It's a great design. It gives the fuel burn, and it does, to your earlier point, have fewer moving parts, right about 1,500 fewer blades than the competing engines and that should and will reduce costs over the long-term.
Greg Hayes: Thank you, Lisa and thanks everybody for listening in today. Again, a lot of moving pieces, but we have high confidence in the outlook that Neil and Jennifer took you guys through. Look forward to hearing from many of you in the coming days and weeks. Jennifer and the team will be, of course, available all day today and tomorrow to take whatever follow-up questions you might have. Have a wonderful day and stay healthy. Thank you.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Sheila. Good morning. It's Neil here. As we think about the walk from where we are today to 2025, as we've said before, the majority of that is going to come from the operating profit growth that we'll see in the segments as we continue to go through the recovery here, probably a little bit north of $7 billion. If you were to strike 2021 as a starting point, you'll see there's $1.6 billion of pension headwind. And we'll probably have somewhere in the range of $600 million to $700 million of CapEx headwind. And that will be partially offset by a couple of hundred million of corporate and other items. So still see a clear path to the $10 billion of free cash flow, as we get into 2025, and we get through the recovery here. Feeling very good about that.
Neil Mitchill: Thank you, David. Let me start with Collins. So you're right on the incrementals. We're expecting incrementals in that mid-30s percent range as we go through the year. Recall, we called out a few onetime items last year that probably helped margins by about 50 basis points. So good strong incrementals there. Just hitting on a few of the components of our Collins outlook. We do expect that our commercial OE will be up sort of high teens on the sales line. Commercial aftermarket, up around 20% or so, probably a little north of that. And military, up low single digits. As you think about Pratt, same thing. The incremental is there in the mid-20s, as you expect -- you said. Commercial OE, expected to be up between 20% and 25%. On the aftermarket side, also between 20% and 25%. And as we said, military, down mid-single digits. So again, great growth at Pratt. We do expect to ship probably about 200 more engines. And as I think about the AEM headwind, it's in the range of $100 million to $150 million. So, we're seeing good absorption as we ramp that volume back up over the course of 2022. And as Greg said, the supply chain issues at Pratt with respect to castings could result in a little bit of lower deliveries here in the first quarter, but we do expect that full year, we will be up a couple of hundred engines.
Neil Mitchill: Greg, maybe if I could just pile on a little bit, too. We do see some international Gem T awards at RMD. And as we look at the $29 billion backlog of RMD and the sales outlook that we put out there, which is low single-digit to mid-single-digit, think 3% to 4% or so year-over-year at RMD. We're confident that we have the backlog to continue to grow as we get through 2022.
Neil Mitchill: Yes. Thanks, Greg, I'll just add that the average age of those airplanes is still under three. There's plenty of time. These are long-term contracts. We've made significant improvements. You mentioned the durability improvements, and we are factoring that in, obviously, as we look at those contracts. And I would tell you that as we perform warranty-type work under these contracts today, we've been reasonably conservative in our outlook and our bookings on that. So, we are confident that we're able to see the improvement fall through the bottom line as those major overhauls begin. And we're also confident that we're able to demonstrate significant efficiencies and fuel savings that come from that engine, and we're seeing that in the campaign activity that we're engaged in currently with the engine. So, feel well-positioned with the product and the GTF advantage, I think, only gets us in a better place as we go forward.
Neil Mitchill: Yeah, sure. So a couple of comments there. The first thing is if you look at our segment profit guide at the midpoint, that's about $1.4 billion. So think about that being the major driver of that piece of our cash flow walk. And you'll see from our guidance about $400 million or so of capital expenditure headwind year-over-year. So the net of that. That would imply a few hundred million dollars of working capital improvement. I think that remains to be determined as we see the year play out. So that will either turn into higher segment profit. As we get later into the year, if we are able to achieve the higher end of our range, and in particular, given the supply chain issues, we could see a little bit of working capital pressure as we bring inventory in a little bit sooner. And again, the timing of that profit recognition and the timing of collections will all play out in the fourth quarter. But I would characterize those as the three key elements of that piece of our cash walk.
Neil Mitchill: That's a good question. I didn't put that out there. But couple of pieces here. First, that will expire or set to expire February 18 of this quarter. It will see a lot of impact through the first quarter, if that were to extend through March 31, maybe $50 million to $100 million, $150 million of sales. If it were to persist through the full year, I would see probably between $500 million and $600 million of sales headwind. So I think that underscores the importance of us getting the continuing resolution behind the country. But, yes, that's how I would size it up looking at it today. And I would say that would be relatively evenly spread across our businesses, frankly. Each one of them will have some headwind as it relates to a continuing resolution that persists through the year.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Cai. Good morning. Let me give you a couple of thoughts there. I don't want to get ahead of Airbus and Boeing, obviously, but let me start with the 737. Obviously, we ended the year sort of in the high teens per month range. We are aligned with Boeing in terms of that growing to that rate 31 in the second half of the year. So I'll leave it at that for now, but we do see obviously growth there in the back half of the year and it kind of gradually grows through the first half. On the 787, as we talked about it last call, we had -- we were shipping very, very little, if any, on the 787. We ended the year in the, call it, low single-digit per month shipset rate. We are anticipating that same type of rate through 2022. Because of inventory that is in the channel, I think a good estimate would be about two per month as you think about the full year for 2022.
Neil Mitchill: Yes. Let me start with the first point. So a couple of things have definitely changed since that early November time frame. And I'd say, the first was the variant Omicron clearly came on quick. We hope that it will go away quickly as well. But I think we've factored some of that thinking into the first quarter. As I look at today's outlook relative to where we were thinking a few months ago, we see a little bit slower recovery in the first quarter than we were thinking, but we do see that getting back to where sort of the line we were projecting from Q2 and beyond. So we'll see how that plays out. Again, I said last year, a lot of this depends on airlines getting ready for the summer travel season. So, we are expecting to see an uptick in their behavior for provisioning and parts here in March and April, which sort of gets to your second question there in terms of the support underlying -- the reopening of international borders. We have seen reopenings of some international borders in the fourth quarter, and that's encouraging, in particular, Europe. And as Greg mentioned earlier, the key, I think to us realizing what we've laid out here today is Asia Pacific opening up and the long-haul routes coming back in earnest as we get towards the end of the year here. So we'll have to wait and see. But certainly, sometime in the March and April timeframe is when we would expect to see an uptick that would drive the ranges that we're predicting here for Collins in particular.
Neil Mitchill: Make great progress there in Asheville. The building is up. And when I was looking at it the other day, actually I have visibility to that via webcam. And it's in great shape, so we're on track. Some of the CapEx favorability that we saw here in 2021 is the deferral of some of that spend into 2022. But I'd say, we're on-track there to stand up that facility and get the production going as we had planned to do. So it's really a good shape.
