Chris Calio: Thanks, Jennifer. I'm on Slide 8. With our portfolio strength and current demand, our overall backlog is at a record $202 billion. And our focus as a team remains on executing this backlog to meet our customer commitments and driving operational performance. And our top priorities for the year remain unchanged. First, at Pratt, it's about continuing to execute the GTF fleet management plan. Second, at Raytheon, it's about delivering the backlog and improved margins. And third, at Collins, it's about generating strong incremental margins. As I discussed, our core operating system underpins our execution on these priorities and drives continuous improvement across RTX. At the same time, we're investing over $10 billion in research and development, modernization, and digital capabilities, continuing to evaluate our portfolio for incremental opportunities to further enhance our focus and prioritize future investments. And as we do this, we remain on track to return $36 billion to $37 billion of capital to shareowners from the date of the merger through next year. So with that, let me turn it over to Neil.
Chris Calio: Yeah, I mean, I guess the only thing I would add, Myles -- this is Chris -- is to Neil's point, we know we needed to come out of the gate strong on GTF MRO given the situation in the fleet management plan. And so we were allocating material and resources with that in mind. And I think we saw the fruits of that here in the first quarter. But as Neil said, we continue to see the demand on what we call the mature fleets, the V and others. And that ramp up is calibrated in our number for the year. So still feel confident it's going to deliver the full year shop visits that we need.
Chris Calio: Sure. Thanks, Kristine. Good morning. So look, the GTF fleet management plan is a multiyear process, and we're going to continue to grind through that over the next three years or so. And we've laid out all of the key enablers. We listed them on the call today. We've done it historically. And that's going to be AOG levels. That's going to be turnaround times. And so, again, we've given those sort of ranges on each of those key enablers, and we're going to continue to do everything we can to stay within or move to the lower end of those ranges. And again, the single biggest enabler for us is MRO output. We have a very good first quarter, but we've got a large growth plan here in 2024. And so for us, it's about material flow, including the new powdered metal parts that we're going to be putting into the engines as we said during the last call and during our comments. We continue to add the full life HPC and HPT in MRO, and it's going to ramp throughout the year. So that will be a key indicator for us. The more output we can get, obviously the more relief we can get the fleet, the less AOG days, and then the less penalties. It's really that simple. So for us, it's all about the MRO enablers, chief among them, continuing to ramp up the powdered metal part production and insertion into MRO. [Technical Difficulty]
Chris Calio: Hey Seth, this is Chris. Thanks for the question. Yeah, so look, we are as we said in our comments essentially at peak AOG. I mean, there'll be some perturbations a little bit above, a little bit below, but we see that as kind of the peak and we're going to start to gradually chip away and move that down. So again, as I said to Kristine's question, the number one enabler of that is our MRO output. And again, strong start to the quarter but we've got a big plan for the year and we're focused on turnaround times and new material. At the end of the day, in terms of our MRO output, it's not so much about capacity. We've got enough shops, we've got enough labor, it's about material flow. The faster that we can flow material, faster we can take turnaround times down, increase output, and then burn down the backlog of those engines waiting for induction.
Chris Calio: Hey, good morning, Ron. This is Chris. So, as I'm sure you've seen, if you break down sort of the supplemental into its big buckets, it's about $60 billion for Ukraine, another $25 billion or so for Israel, and $10 billion for INDOPACOM. So, when we look at our product portfolio against those big buckets, we look at Ukraine and say about two-thirds of that is addressable with RTX products. Think GEM-T, NASAMS, Patriot, AMRAAM, AIM9X, Israel, we kind of handicapped that as about 30% addressable, stockpile replenishment, Iron Dome, David's Sling procurements, and then INDOPACOM, again, roughly that 30% addressable with the RTX product suite, namely SM-6, Tomahawk, AIM9X. So again, the services will have their specific lists of what they're looking for, but again we think our product portfolio is pretty well positioned to address the needs in each of those theaters.
Chris Calio: Yeah, so again, when you look at the productivity story at Raytheon, Ron, that's a big part of the continued margin expansion. And so in the quarter we saw improvements in productivity, which is really helpful. Again, as you know, our productivity plan for the year is effectively no productivity, but last year, of course, we had some headwinds in the productivity department. So again, overall an improvement for the year. We've still got some classified programs, fixed price that we are continuing to work through. We said that's kind of a 12 to 18 month journey as we work through those. I would say on a number of them, we've made some good progress towards milestones and others we're going to continue to battle our way through during that period.
Chris Calio: Yep. You bet, Doug. Good morning. This is Chris. So let's start first on the first part of your question here on the supply chain and Raytheon margins and how we're thinking about that. If you just take a step back for a sec, Doug, it's a tremendous backlog at Raytheon. You saw the increase here in Q1. A big part of that, obviously, is the continued focus on execution, in particular the supply chain. We've had four consecutive quarters of material receipt growth at Raytheon. So feeling like the focus on the supply chain and the health of the supply chain is starting to pay dividends and we're seeing that flow through, again, with some of the margin increases here in Q1. And so again, Phil and team are incredibly focused on execution, head down and execution on this backlog at the margins that we need. And again, big part of that is supply chain. And we're adding production capacity as well to meet the demands of this ramp. You heard us announce today Huntsville. Last quarter we talked about the expansion in Camden, Arkansas. So again, putting in the production capacity that we need in driving material. So that's where the focus is. On space, we did talk about a bit of a pivot, Doug, from a space prime, if you will, to being more of a component supplier to the space primes. And I think when you look at our strengths in that portfolio, I think that pivot is the right one. We've got historical strength in some of the exquisite space areas. We've got some other strengths in some of the key components that go in to the prime satellites and buses. But again, I think that's where we're going to be shifting away from perhaps being a space prime to being more of a component supplier.
Chris Calio: Yep. So on the first question, David, yeah, the disc replacement. So, again, we're at early stages. I told you this was going to be a three-year process. Again, the priority was making sure everything we delivered to our customers' final assembly lines had the full life powder metal parts and that's what's happening today. It was going to be a ramp throughout the year into ‘25 on insertion of those full life parts into MRO. So I would say today it's early days. And so there haven't been a ton that have received all of those things. But as we said before, we're working hard to optimize the work scopes there, depending on where the engine is operating, what configuration it has, was it going to come in for another visit within this time frame anyway depending on where it operated. So again, the focus is on output and part of that is optimizing the work scope. But again, early days. As for the customer compensation, we've got about nine agreements under our belt, which represents about a third of the fleet. I think we're close on a number of other significant ones, and the compensation on all those remains within the guidance that we provided on this.
Chris Calio: Yeah. Hey, Rob. Yeah, as you pointed out, significant content at Collins on 737 and 787, so across the main growth platforms there at Boeing. I would say that, I mean, we've kind of mentioned this upfront, we've got some, I guess, some uncertainty around rates today. We think that we've calibrated a lot of that in, but again I know the Boeing company will provide their guidance tomorrow, so we won't get out ahead of them. We're just kind of focused on working with them, supporting them through the dynamics in play, and preparing to take whatever actions we think necessary, depending on the guidance that they provide. But I'll just say that the team has worked very hard to go drive the material and we need to support their rates, and we've got the capacity to do so.
Chris Calio: Yeah, sure. So I'm not going to get into the specific numbers on where things stand in terms of those engines waiting to be inducted. But again, you look at the turnaround times, the extended turnaround times that we've talked about, engines coming off today are going to have to wait a bit before they actually do get inducted and enter into gate one in the MRO process. Suffice it to say, and we kind of alluded to this up front, big step up this year in GTF shop visits. And that's why we've played a little bit of the allocation game, in the last year, early this year, to get off to a strong start there. Again we've got a big ramp on GTF MRO throughout the year in order to support this fleet. Again we think we've got the capacity to do it, the labor to do it, the partners in our MRO shops who are incredibly adept at this, it's about material flow.
Chris Calio: Yeah, I think that's right, Peter. I think it is a multi-year process. To your point, if you just think about what's going on out there today, the integrated air missile defense, the demand there is exceptionally strong. Obviously, Patriot, NASAMS and of course, GEM-T and the like, you saw a huge order from NATO at the end of last year for us, and the demand continues to be really strong. To your point, when we look at our margins throughout the year, our margin progression story at Raytheon, we're expecting a tailwind from mix as we increase the international backlog. About 60% of Raytheon's Q1 bookings were international, and so that's provided us a nice tailwind, and we expect that to continue.
Chris Calio: So let me start with the, now with the wing to wing turnaround time. Yeah, it's in that range that we've provided in that 250, 300. Again, a lot of that will continue to be dependent on the mix of work scopes. We're still believing that it's going to be more of a 90% heavy, 10% lighter shop visit. And with that, we'll stay within that range. If we can find a way to come up with medium work scopes and other things that can alleviate the need for new, we'll call it non-powdered metal, material repair development and the like, perhaps we'll be closer to the lower end of that range, but we're in there today, given the shop visit mix that we see and the material flow that we see.
Chris Calio: Yeah. Hey, Jason. Look, I think, given the threat environment we described and we kind of laid out in the question on the supplemental, we're going to continue to see strong top line growth at Raytheon and strength in bookings. And again, if you just kind of go region by region, it's replenishment in the US, it's the integrated air and missile defense in Europe, it's naval munitions in Asia. So, again, feel like the strength of demand is going to continue to be there. And then the other thing I'll say, Jason, is we're also thinking through some of the advanced capabilities that we're trying to bring to market as well. LTAMs, which I mentioned up front, the 360-degree radar, the refresh on AMRAAM, SPY-6 radar, which has gone through its initial sea trials, counter-UAS capabilities with our Coyote system, and then things like high-power microwave as you look to sort of the drone swarm threat that continues to build. So again, strong demand for the existing pipeline of products. We continue to invest in that next generation product, which we think meets the emerging threats.
Chris Calio: Yep, sure, Gavin, This is Chris. So again, on the GTF customer piece, we've set up front, we got about nine done. We're in the final throes of a few more and those nine that we've got under our belt represent about a third of the GTF fleet total. And then on the rates again, Boeing will provide the guidance tomorrow. I just think we're very much embedded with them 737, 787. What do we need to do to support a ramp on 787? And then what do we need to do to help them go wherever they need to on 737? And so we won't get out ahead of them, but just know that we're working a number of scenarios and we'll take whatever action is necessary based upon what they need.
Neil Mitchill: Thanks, Chris. Before we go into Q&A, I want to quickly update everyone on an Investor Relations team leadership transition. After three years leading the team, Jennifer Reed is moving on to her next opportunity. Jennifer took the helm in an unprecedented environment and worked tirelessly to ensure all of our stakeholders had timely and clear information during the critical post-merger years for RTX. I want to thank Jennifer for her leadership and I also want to introduce Nathan Ware, who is coming over from our Collins business to lead Investor Relations. Some of you will remember Nathan as he was a member of the UTC IR team leading up to the merger. But since then, Nathan has held a couple of roles at Collins and most recently as CFO of the Interiors business. Jennifer and Nathan will work to ensure a smooth transition for all of us and all of you. And with that, we are ready to open the line for our first question.
Neil Mitchill: Good morning, Myles. This is Neil. I'll start out, and Chris can add anything here. But a couple of things on the Pratt aftermarket. I think 9% aftermarket growth in the first quarter was largely as we expected. We took the first quarter to make sure that we started off on a strong foot with respect to the GTF aftermarket overhauls, and I'm sure Chris can provide a little more color there. In doing so, there was a little bit lighter material allocation to the V2500s. We're actually down a handful of shop visits year-over-year in the first quarter, a little bit -- around 175 or so. We still feel confident though that we'll hit 800 shop visit inductions on the V2500 for the full year. And so what we expect to play out over the remainder of the year is that we will see more and more of those shop visits come in. We'll also see the content on those shop visits increase. So we'll see better drop through on the legacy aftermarket. Back in January, we talked about the PW2000s and PW4000s. There's some puts and takes there. They largely offset for the year. So it's really about seeing that legacy aftermarket continue to grow. So full year, still expect low teens sort of growth in the aftermarket of Pratt and we're confident that we'll see the material flowing to support that.
Neil Mitchill: Chris, I'll just add with respect to the productivity, in the first quarter we saw about a $58 million year-over-year Q1 to Q1 improvement. Of course, we had the exercise of an option last year, which accounts for maybe, 55% of that improvement. But nonetheless, we're expecting $200 million year-over-year and continue to expect $200 million year-over-year. And so, good progress in the first quarter. But there's still three quarters to go, but we are encouraged by the shift that we've seen here in the first quarter so far.
Neil Mitchill: Sure. Kai, let me start here. I mean, we had a really strong start to Pratt's first quarter. Most of that was on the back of commercial OE deliveries, up 40% almost in the first quarter on a unit basis. So that obviously drove the top line and some good mix there too between installs and spare engines as we look to position the GTF fleet as best we can to start the year. I think some of that's going to moderate clearly as the rest of the year unfolds. So I think we had a good start out of the gate on installs. On the aftermarket side, you're right, we're going to see more of the mid-single-digit type of growth in the next three quarters. So again, that will be fueled by V2500s coming up a little bit. The top line is going to be also bolstered by GTF aftermarket, which of course doesn't come with nearly as much profit, but will certainly help the fleets get healthier. And military also had a really strong first quarter start. The material coming in in the first quarter was positioned to support the aftermarket principally in the military business. And we do see that slowing down a bit in the next part of the year. So those are the key ingredients. Not going to get into the specifics on a quarterly cadence here, but we're just one quarter into the year, but do -- a good start to the year, and we'll see we're kind of holding on to our guidance at this point.
Neil Mitchill: All right, let me start, Sheila. As I think about -- first, let's start with the first quarter for Collins. It was a really good quarter. We had about $145 million of profit growth on an adjusted basis. We've talked about the Collins growth trajectory really being driven by the aftermarket. Now, there's still a long ways to go. We put out a range of $650 million to $725 million for the full year. And so what we're going to see is increased drop-through on the continued cost reduction essentially that Collins embarked upon several years ago. And we're starting to see the cost associated with achieving that cost reduction ease, as well as the benefit from the actions start to drop through in the form of stronger incrementals. So feel like the aftermarket trajectory supports that at this juncture. And that I think is going to really continue to be the key driver for the Collins profit growth for the rest of the year. If I just comment for a minute on the $175 million. As we said in our remarks, that charge related to some procurement of titanium, which I know you all know is an important commodity for the aerospace industry. Given a number of ongoing supply chain dynamics around aerospace-grade titanium in particular, especially as it relates to the titanium that we use in our landing gear manufacturing at Collins, we've taken some steps to secure alternative sources for that supply. And it's taken us some time to do that, frankly. So specific to the charge, we reached an agreement with tow new suppliers during the quarter in connection with those agreements as well as some sanctions imposed by Canada, which were announced in February. We took a charge to reflect two things. One was the higher purchase commitment cost that came about as a result of these two new agreements. And the second is the impairment of about $75 million of costs that had been previously capitalized on the balance sheet associated with a specific program that are no longer recoverable. So as we talked about since 2022, we've been evaluating our global sourcing strategies to mitigate the potential impact of sanctions and other restrictions. And frankly, we've de-risked that in many areas. And I think this is an important step in putting this issue behind us. So, feel good about the agreements we have, but they're certainly at a higher cost, and so we took a charge to deal with that.
Neil Mitchill: Yeah, so here's a couple ways to look at it. About 1% of our existing Raytheon backlog today constitutes those programs. And I'd say it's about 12 to 18 months. There's a few of them. So we still have a little ways to go. We are making progress, critical milestones on each program. In the first quarter, we had net unfavorable productivity of about $28 million. Nearly all of that was associated with these programs. So there's still some headwinds that we're encountering as we get additional technical learning and going through testing. But that's the timeframe and that's the magnitude I would put on it.
Neil Mitchill: Yeah, sorry. I didn't put my mic on. Just a couple of clarifications. So, When I said mid-single digits, I was referring to the military growth. We had really strong growth, obviously, in the first quarter. On the aftermarket, think about that as low to mid-teens for the rest of the year.
Neil Mitchill: I was just going to comment on the book-to-bill. I mean, certainly, really strong first quarter With top line sales projected to where we see them, it's obviously going to change the math a little bit on the book-to-bill calculation, but we still expect a book to bill over 1.1 for this year. And I think it's going to be strong next year. But obviously as sales go up too, that'll level off a little bit. But the backlog is going to continue to grow. To put a finer point on some of the awards for this year, we see AMRAAM, we've talked about LTAMDS, both with the US Army and Poland, certainly Patriot, SPY-6, and SM-3. So a good list of potential things. The large international ones can be lumpy. They can come in this year. They could fall into next year. But, we see a lot of demand signals that are really strong there.
