David C. Wajsgras: Yes, sure. This is Dave. Our book-to-bill in 2014 was 1.05, as you just mentioned. With that said, we did have a little over $1 billion in backlog adjustments, which was in line with the adjustments we've had over a number of years historically. And just to be clear, backlog adjustments reflect several items including currency fluctuations, under runs on completed cost type contracts and scope changes, including scope reduction on contracts and finally, contract terminations. I hope that helps.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So Doug, for next year, we see sales essentially in line with 2014, flat to maybe down 2%. As you look beyond the 2015 time frame, we do expect to return to growth in '16 and beyond. And importantly, again, we do see very strong bookings, both domestically and internationally, again, in 2015 that we saw in '14.
David C. Wajsgras: So Doug, let me try to add something here. So you'll recall, there was a fairly significant reduction in the DoD budget as we entered into the period of sequestration. That impacted the entire industry and Raytheon was not immune from that reduction. So what happened a few years back is now making its way through the backlog and through the sales line. That's partially offset over the last few years by the strength of our international bookings and our international growth. So as we look forward, what happened from 2012 to '13 is now in the rearview mirror from an overall financial performance standpoint. And again, we do expect to return to growth beyond '15.
David C. Wajsgras: So Sam, I was literally 100% certain you were going to ask me that question. So let me try to summarize it for you. In 2014, we had 2 items that impacted cash flow at the end of the year. We had the discretionary pension contribution of $400 million on a net basis, and we also saw some year-end collections in Q4 that we had expected in the first quarter of 2015, that's between roughly $100 million and $150 million. So when you normalize for these 2 items, 2014, we did achieve the high end of our guidance at roughly $2,350,000,000. And for 2015, adjusting for the earlier collections, the range would be $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion. So if you look at this year-over-year on a normalized basis, 2015 is roughly $300 million to $400 million higher than '14 at the high end of the range. So I hope that clarifies it for you. I tried to give you some numbers as I was walking through this.
David C. Wajsgras: No. So Howard, I appreciate you asking that question. So let me start out by saying at the end of last year, when Tom and I participated at the Crédit Suisse conference, we did talk about adjusted margins in 2015 being in sort of the lower 12% range. So again, we're projecting 12.1% to 12.3%. Now there's a number of areas that are important to mention here. Firstly, there is the program mix, particularly at IDS. And we talked about the cadence of the longer duration production programs coming down in '15 as we start out on the new programs that we were recently awarded and fully expect to be awarded in the first quarter and throughout the year. Secondly and maybe more importantly, we are increasing our spend in IRAD and program investments. Last -- we closed out the year last year with IRAD at just a little over 2% of sales. And as we look at 2015, we expect it to be closer to 3% of sales and that is -- those are important technology investments that Tom addressed earlier that position us well for both the top line and the bottom line growth. And then lastly, we mentioned this a little earlier as well, IIS, the acquisition of Blackbird Technologies, from an IIS standpoint, there's about 60 basis points of impact from the amortization of acquisition cost through intangibles. And at the company level, that's about 15 to 20 basis points. Now what I just went through, there is an offset there. There continues to be higher productivity as a result of the focused efforts throughout the company. But when you stand back and look at this, 2015 is a very strong year and positions us well for 2016 and beyond.
David C. Wajsgras: Sure, yes. We ended the year with a little over 6% actual return on our pension assets in '14. And looking ahead, every year, we evaluate our long-term return on asset assumptions. So in the fourth quarter of '14, we did reduce our long-term target allocation for equities and increased our target allocation for fixed income, and that's principally in order to reduce our overall exposure to equity volatility going forward. The change in asset allocation resulted in a reduction of our long-term ROA assumption of about 75 basis points, and that's basically, in a nutshell, how we see things going forward.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, you'll recall that we issued $600 million of debt in Q4. $300 million in 10s and $300 million in 30s. Average cost was around 4% and that's what you're seeing impact interest expense in 2015. It's all fixed rate, that's an important thing to note. It's all fixed rate.
David C. Wajsgras: Well, look, we're always looking at our capital structure to optimize the financial foundation of the company. Standing back, we still have a very strong A- rating. We've talked about this in the past. We don't see ourselves going lower than BBB+. I think I mentioned that exactly on the third quarter call. So we could, in the future, but I'm not signaling anything. We have a very strong balance sheet and there is room to use the balance sheet from a shareholder perspective and from other perspectives. It's just a very solid foundation.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. Thanks, George. So let me start by saying our objective is to improve and grow earnings through both top line and margin improvement. So the company's focused on program execution, on cost reduction and importantly, margin performance and we've talked about this before. If you look at the company, changes in mix, the timing of program completions and program starts, all impact margin. In 2015, and I mentioned this earlier, we're making important technology investments that drive future growth in margin expansion. After 2015, we do see opportunity for margins to increase on an adjusted basis, not from only a FAS/CAS basis. And it's driven by a number of different initiatives, in addition to the overall business mix improving over time. Tom and I both talked about strategic sourcing, facility optimization, expanding what we call our Global Business Services, which is our shared service initiative internally. So when you look at all this together, I think you framed it correctly. We do see growing margins in 2016 and beyond. But at this point, we're not going to suggest a target margin profile for the company.
David C. Wajsgras: In Q4, I'm glad you asked that, George. International was up by about 6% and domestic was up over 4%.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So Hunter, I think it's probably best to let Toby O'Brien handle that question since he just spent 5 or 6 years at the business. So Toby, go ahead.
David C. Wajsgras: Yes. So specifically on the internal R&D, I noted it before with an earlier question, but I didn't give out the specific dollars. Let me start out again by saying in 2014, that ran a little over 2% of sales and in 2015, will be close to 3% of sales. That translates into roughly speaking, about $500 million of direct R&D spend in 2014, up to between $600 million and $650 million in R&D spend in 2015. Now importantly, that's only one element of our overall R&D focus. Every year, we book and bill, essentially, between $1 billion and $1.5 billion of customer funded R&D. And this is another important element of our overall focus on technologies. And lastly, there are occasions where we win large programs, particularly international, where part of the program win is development activity for technologies that we can leverage on the other programs in the future. So I hope that helps and clarifies the way we're thinking about the company in '15 and beyond.
David C. Wajsgras: No, I'm actually glad you asked that. We're thinking about internal R&D in the upper 2% range for the foreseeable future.
Thomas A. Kennedy: And Doug, just one last one there, in 2016, we'll have ramped up on 2 major new Patriot programs, Qatar and the other one that will be coming in this quarter, and so that will generate significant revenue growth for 2016.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes, Doug. I think you hit the nail right on the head. The bottom line is, is that the defense budget, even with the BCA restrictions in caps, does start to increase in 2016 and beyond. And so our domestic business will start to trend up at that point but at the same time, we have a very, very strong backlog on the international, which we'll also be driving forward in terms of revenue. So we think we see 2016 as a year that we start ticking up.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me attack that one. On the GPS OCX program, there were some issues, we have worked with the Air Force on those. It is a very complex program, technology advanced. Number one, it is a cost-plus program, development program, and it is revolutionary relative to adding information insurance capability to a very large ground station for the GPS system. And we have been working with the Air Force on that program, we believe that we have turned the corner on that program moving forward, and we don't see any impact in this year or in the out years relative to that program.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Yes. So last year, we had 2 big international awards that we were working to bring in. One of them, we did, which was Qatar for about $2.4 billion that came in December. This other one did slip into the first quarter and we are very close to closing on that deal. Based on the customer schedule, this one will close in this quarter, I'm highly confident of that. And that's about a $2 billion Patriot order. What's significant here, Howard, is both the Qatar and this order will be going on at the same time. So it's definitely going to give us an economic order quantity capability in terms of being able to get the best material buys for those programs. And also we'll definitely be turning the factory 3 shifts on those 2 programs over here for the next 3 to 4 years. So they are very important and are back-to-back, which is good for us.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well I think bottom line is in fiscal year '16, even with the BCA caps, the domestic base budget does go up. And we also, if you look at the F '15 fi-ed [ph] up, you'll see that the Administration has come in about $35 billion over what the BCA caps are for fiscal year '16. So in either case, there will be a larger base budget. And as part of that base budget the modernization is also going up. And so we believe that the domestic, we will have some uptick business. We're also seeing -- and that's why we're making some investments this year with the evolving threat out there, there's some opportunities for some -- inserting some new technology in -- starting in '16 and '17. And so that's another area why we're moving forward on that. On the LISC, the LISC is a great win for us. It's a joint venture that we have with General Dynamics, and that does give us insight into the ranges across an entire Air Force. So it's a great program for us there just on the base program itself, but giving us insight into what technologies we can bring to bear to the Air Force to help them as they move forward to get to a more affordable solution for all of the ranges. And then the other major area we have is the Warfighter FOCUS Program in terms of training. And we're working with our customers to ensure they have the appropriate training moving forward to be more efficient and from an affordability perspective.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Well, the world is a pretty big place. So let's put it this way. There's 3 regions where we have significant demand for Patriot. And one is Eastern Europe, another one is the MENA region, and the other one is Asia-Pacific. And it's in one of those regions. So I can't get into a direct -- but all I can tell you is I do have a team in country. We are -- we essentially completed all of our activities and now the customer is now going through some of their final arrangements, and we look pretty strong here for a Q1 award. And again, it is important because if you take that on top of the $2.4 billion Qatar, that's within a very short period of time, $4.4 billion of pure Patriot manufacturing where we have significant control over, how you say, efficiencies and in driving our material cost down to ensure we provide, I’d say, pretty good margins on those programs.
Thomas A. Kennedy: So we have about -- the new addition of Qatar, we have 13 countries that have Patriot, that's with the addition of Qatar. And out of those, we have probably another 7 -- actually, it's 8, another 8 will have opportunities for the Configuration-3 upgrade. We have the upgrade we've done in Taiwan, we have done the upgrade in UAE. We're doing -- we'll be doing the upgrade in Korea moving forward, and also Qatar, we'll have that upgrade in it. And we've also been doing an upgrade in Saudi on Configuration-3 plus. And then Kuwait, if you remember at the beginning of this year to the beginning of 2014, the first quarter, we got an order for Kuwait for a Configuration-3 plus. So the bottom line is, significant opportunity within the consortium of Patriot users and again, we're up to 13 countries. And with the Polish competition, if that goes in the right direction, that will give us another country and allow us to have 14 participants in the Patriot consortium worldwide.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me talk about Blackbird real quick here. It is a great acquisition for us, number one, for its technology and also for its channels into both SOCOM and the Intel communities. But in terms of this year, it will give us about a 1% in terms of revenue contribution to the business. Just one other element we -- it is a very excellent management team for Blackbird and also have a great workforce of I would call some very highly skilled technical folks. So we're looking forward to the synergies that we'll be able to achieve via that acquisition.
