Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me just kind of set the stage here, the system that we offer is a system that's been under development at Raytheon in the last several years, but we have had this DAS product for many years. I think what's different with this EO-DAS solution it's using our latest technology, which is giving us two I would say competitive advantage. One, this new technology gives us significantly higher performance than the technology that was used to develop the original system, which – the technology stake in the ground was back in 2001. So that probably makes a lot of sense that new technology would be a lot better than the old technology. That's one. But the other area that it gives us a significant benefit for is cost. This new technology has allowed us to significantly reduce the cost of these type of products, so we were able to bring to the marketplace a system that had twice the performance and about half the cost of the systems and technology that were developed back in the 2000s. And that's a technology that we've been developing over the years in other product areas such as electronic warfare, ICNIA, radars, and constantly trying to do two things with the technology. One is obviously increase the performance, but at the same time, really try to lower the cost. And I think that's the big difference here.
Thomas A. Kennedy: Let me start off. We did have an unprecedented year – quarter relative to classified. And for the second quarter the classified bookings were 31% of our total second quarter bookings but the volume was up year-over-year from Q2 2017 169%. So it's definitely a significant increase in classified bookings. Classified sales in the second quarter were 20% of our total sales and that volume was up over 21% from Q2 2017. So – and so the reason is why? Well, we talked about on the last call that the budget and I talked about it on this call, the budget is up and the modernization budget is up 19% year-over-year. And so we're starting to see the impact of that coming through the bookings line and a lot of it is coming in through the classified area. And the reason it's coming through the classified area is the third element or third bucket that I – terminology I use of the National Defense Strategy is all about catching up with the peer threat. And to catch up with the peer threat significantly new capabilities are required across multiple domains, domains of space, the domains of air and the domain of land surface. And so we are seeing these classified awards come in at a much higher rate than we've had in the past years again due to the 19% increase. Just real quick back, you did state that you thought that the classified program margins were higher than the unclassified. It's actually the reverse. The classified bookings are generally associated with programs that are we call CRAD, contract research and development programs and/or E&D engineering, manufacturing and development programs. Those programs tend to be cost share programs with the government. And because of the cost share nature of the contracts tend to have lower fee structures and resulting margins but the bottom line is those programs are integral to our business model. They are essentially the seed corn for future franchises. And as you know that's one of the strong points of Raytheon is the numerous strong franchises that we have across all domains.
Thomas A. Kennedy: So, Sam, I'll take that upfront. I think it's both, based on when we peel the onion and then look inside. The bottom line is we are winning quite a few programs. This last one was the Naval Strike Missile. Brand new missile franchise for us, which will be a multimillion-dollar franchise moving forward. So that's one example. And on the other side we are also bringing onto production several new or upgraded franchise missiles. One is – we mentioned there was a JSOW C, which is a new variant of JSOW which has a significant demand signal pull in the U.S. and we'll eventually have it in the international marketplace. And we are also completing the development of another missile, the Small Diameter Bomb II, which will be transitioning into full rate production. And that will start to see significant volume and obviously margin increases in the fact that it's in a production type run. So the bottom line is two things are going on. One is we're winning new franchises. And the second thing is we had multiple missiles that were I would call in development and then the final testing stages that are now transitioning from either into LRIP or from LRIP into production. And so we're starting to see larger volume.
Thomas A. Kennedy: I'll take it. I think, I would say it's significantly different than over a year ago in terms of demand signal. Demand signal is global. We are seeing significant demand signal in Europe. A lot of that is for deterrence type products like our integrated air missile defense systems, a la the Patriot system. And we're also seeing strong demand in the MENA region. That demand signal is coming in for again defensive type systems, deterrence systems like the Patriot System but also our NASAMS system, seeing significant demand signals for that. And then eventually the THAAD system is going to be – make a inroad into the MENA region also. So we're getting that kind of demand signal. In Asia-Pacific region it's also the whole area of deterrence and that area is demand signals for our Patriot systems and also our standard missiles both in Japan and also in South Korea. And we come back to the U.S. The biggest change in U.S. is the classified. And again that – the element of the third bucket of the National Defense Strategy which is the need for the United States to catch up to our peer threats and the U.S. government is taking that seriously, Congress is taking that seriously and providing the funding required to make that happen. And that is one of the major reasons that our classified bookings have been up significantly this quarter.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, Doug, it's Toby. Let me walk you through that. So we did reduce the margin outlook really based upon two factors. One, we talked about for the quarter good strength in domestic and especially classified volume and that's what drove the bookings outlook for the year. A big portion of that is related to Missiles. So the way to think about the change in the margin for the year, the mix because of higher classified volume is about 20 basis points of the change. And then the balance of it or 30 basis points is related to the timing of what we expect to be a favorable resolution of a contractual matter that we had assumed in the back half of 2018 moving out of the year. I'll just add a little bit of color. I won't get into it in detail or the specifics of it but only to say we're making progress with it. And to put it in the right context, there's no downside to this. This is not a problem. We don't have anything recorded on the books for it. It's only upside to Missiles once that ultimate resolution takes place. So again, it's worth about 30 basis points of margin. So the way you can think of it for the year, we would have adjusted for the mix. So about not quite but close to half of the margin decrease would have still taken place because of the mix. And then going forward as we've talked about in the past, Missiles has it going across all elements of their portfolio. A little bit more heavily here in the near term on the front end with the development work as I just talked about. But they do have a good balance of production work and that's part of what we expect to help drive the margin up in the back half of the year, especially given the strong bookings they saw at the end of 2017 which will be ramping up in the back half here of 2018. So going forward, broad portfolio, good mix of development work, E&D type of work, production work. And we're always focused on trying to drive the margins up the classified work just at times in a good way presents some headwind because as you know that's what develops technology that leads to future production and future franchises.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yes, Sheila. It's Toby. I'll start and then if Tom wants to jump in here and add anything he can. So when we talk about mix and we relate it to our programs, we generally think of it, programs with sales volume at either higher or lower from period to period that we're comparing to. And obviously because of those particular programs' margin rate, the profit and the sales volume can weigh in on the business either favorably or unfavorably. Most often it's the mix if you will, between development and production work. And we see that at generally speaking all of our businesses other than IIS isn't dramatically impacted by that. Tom just talked about on the prior question the nature of the classified or the CRAD volume and that really goes across all of our businesses. The cost type work in the near term it does present margin headwinds. Obviously, the contract phase right where we are at any given point in time in the execution of a contract relative to risk retirement, opportunity realization, which is generally as we've talked about in the past more in the middle towards the end of contracts. Again, that goes across all of our businesses. And also domestic versus international, right? The mix and the volume there, primarily more impacting IDS and Missiles, but also to a lesser degree SAS. And I think when you think about it big picture and from a trend point of view, we've talked about how we've been working to incrementally improve our margins. You see that this year with about a – the 12.5% to the 12.7% and 20 basis point increase at the midpoint of the range over last year. We talk about these incremental increases because while the mature part of the portfolio with the production programs, the international programs continues to perform well, in a good way we're seeing some headwinds from more of a mix relative to the classified work. And a lot of that, as Tom just said, ties back to the NDS and where the focus is there, especially in that third bucket that he referred to. So there's a balance there that we're working through. And obviously in Missiles in particular in this quarter they've got a lot more classified cost type work and that trend is continuing through the year.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, sure. Yeah, no. Your math is right, George. At Missiles we do expect a ramp up in the margin in the back half of the year, 13.6% to 14% as you said. There's a couple factors that are driving this. One, on the FEMA mix, that mix turning a little bit more favorable in the back half of the year. We expect higher volume on our production programs compared to the first half. There is some inventory we're expecting to be relieved to a few of our second half higher margin awards that are in our outlook, as well as improved productivity driven by improved operating leverage as the business continues to grow, benefits from factory automation that we've talked about in the past. And then as I mentioned a little bit earlier to Sheila's question, at Missiles we expect some retirement of risk, especially on a few international programs. And it's the combination of all those that would cause us to see the margin ramp up in the back half into the high 13% approaching 14%. On the flip side of the coin at IDS, IDS had another solid quarter, and certainly for the first half a real strong performance. We did increase their outlook by 30 basis points for the year. As we've discussed before, the risk retirement on programs, the quarter in which the risk is retired, is where the retroactive benefit occurs. IDS had risk retired on a few programs both in the second quarter and the first half, and part of that was timing. And we just see the cadence or the pace of that lower than it was in the first half, right? We still expect strong margin performance, roughly around 16%, for the back half of the year, and that's pretty consistent with where their margin was last year, but overall very pleased with the margin performance at IDS.
Anthony F. O'Brien: And, Sam, I'd just add bigger picture at the company level relative to the competitive win rates, we continue to be very pleased with the performance across the company in all the businesses. Historically we've run in the 70% range give or take and we're seeing similar results so far this year again across all of our business – Missiles included but across all of our businesses, all within that 70% range, so strong performance there.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, so let me maybe start with that last part first, Jon, and then I'll come back to the beginning part of your question. So from a CAS point of view, I think the simple way to think of it is that for the next, say, five or six years, the CAS recovery – we expect it to be roughly in line with our 2018 expectation, okay? And then after 2018 we anticipate to have, from an overall pension point of view, positive cash flow out until the 2026 timeframe, right, holding all assumptions constant. So I think very positive news and somewhat predictable as far as the CAS goes. Related to the two pension actions that we took in the quarter, certainly related to the discretionary, we've been talking on and off that we'd been evaluating that. If you recall we put a $1 billion discretionary contribution into the plan at the end of last year. We made this additional contribution decision in June. The contribution's being made in the third quarter in part to leverage the benefit of getting the deduction at the 35% rate on the 2017 tax return. And it helps work relative to the funding of the plan. So that one was kind of straightforward. On the annuity that we enacted here in the quarter, two independent transactions. We just saw an opportunity in the marketplace based upon some other activity to – in a appropriate way, right, that continues to provide benefit security for our pensioners, to de-risk our liability, right, and reduce our liability in a very economical way. We're doing this with a solid insurer. We are continuing to follow our goal of operating our business effectively and this de-risking and reducing the obligation is consistent with that.
Anthony F. O'Brien: Yeah, sure, Seth. This is Toby. I'll take a crack at that. So I think we've talked about in the past that the guidance for this year and you can read beyond this year, right are – always assumed that we'd have a planned decline on Warfighter as we transition the program primarily in the second half of this year to new contract vehicles. So again there's no change in the negative way to our guidance range for IIS this year. We were selected as one of three large businesses for the portion of the program called ETSC, which at a high level is related to the international aspect of the program. We're also on one of the five small business set aside teams for that part of the follow on program as well. So between both of those positions we feel we can be very competitive on that future scope. I think it's important when you think of IIS as I talked about in my opening comments, they saw strong growth in the quarter. And for the year, even excluding Warfighter FOCUS, right we are looking at call it mid-single digit growth for the rest of the business between their classified business, their cyber business. As an example, right they're starting to make up for and offset that business. So IIS is more than Warfighter and that's what we're expecting to continue to carry them into the future as well as the portions of Warfighter we continue to execute.
Anthony F. O'Brien: So maybe I'll take the second part of that relative to the NATO and the tariffs. I mean we're not seeing any impact today nor do we expect the tariffs will have an impact, certainly not a direct impact even when we look forward into the supply chain and if there was any potential concern there. We don't think there's anything of a material point of view. Relative to NATO specifically, Cai, Tom talked about we booked the Romania Patriot order. Just as a update for everybody, the Patriot Poland LOA was signed. We are working towards getting on the first phase of that contract, a little north of $1 billion sometime in 2019. That program is still $5 billion overall with the second phase in 2020. We told you last time around, Sweden had selected Patriot. And we expect them to sign their LOA in the back half of the year contract next year for $1 billion. My whole point there is not seeing anybody backing off of what they were interested in and committed to before, all because they continue to want to have a deterrent against the threat from that perspective. As far as our TPY-2 radars, which are part of the THAAD system, the opportunity in KSA for us is a $3 billion to $4 billion opportunity. We look for the LOA on that to be signed here in the back half of the year with the, potentially an initial award of a few hundred million dollars with the follow on, the majority of it in 2019. There's an opportunity in Qatar for THAAD, again with our early warning with the TPY-2 radar as part of that in the plus or minus $1 billion range, maybe out in the 2020 timeframe. So, strong demand for our products.
