Brian Radecki: Sure. Yeah. That CapEx number was about $6 million for the quarters and about $10 million to the year. I am sure there are a lot of CapEx related to our new facilities and we believe the operating cash flow is about $27 million for the year I think it’s above the $7 million mark for the third quarter.
Brian Radecki: The best of my knowledge there has been zero impact. I have not heard a single comment from anyone of our sales organization about any prospect whatsoever any of this price increase. I think the CoStar Group took a very, very client focused conservative stands going into the downturn when we proactively, immediately stopped a new price increases anywhere even the one that we could contractually take, so I think the costumers are certainly comfortable with our pricing policies and for us to re-institute our price increases that just got us back to CPI from the last year, so I think there is zero push back I haven’t heard a single thing out in branch or anything either.
Brian Radecki: Right now we are coupled with our staffing levels. I think we are reasonably stable in our research staffing levels. We might have one or two relatively minor initiatives which would represent single digit percentage in research staff in order to pursue a few new initiatives. We out of our 2011 we might become a little bit more aggressive with some software development initiatives, but we are by and large fairly comfortable where we are right now and there is some big trends towards some cost efficiencies as we get rid of these multiple facilities. They kind of (inaudible) any mentions as before we are training process in the 10 to 20 range that we happen to be at the end of the quarter and actually as we moved, we actually pushed the training class into the next quarter so that’s why you saw that dip a little bit. So I think you will see that go back up and we will see that continue to be around the 200 plus and minus a little bit pretty consistently moving forward.
Brian Radecki: Sure. Hi, Bill, it's Brian. I think that we obviously giving guidance on next year this call, but I think we're very, very well positioned to see expansion in that number. I think, I kind of point people back to the 2007 (inaudible) to the end of the third quarter 2008 time period which that time period was great after we completed a major expansion in pretty much every quarter you saw revenue drop from the top line to the bottom line, sometimes at 50% sometimes at 79% sometimes at 100% so I think we are staring to move back into that phase, we have had a lot of things we have done this year with the acquisition of PPR reserves, the integration of those businesses they are moving in the headquarters. We saw some of that noise coming through in the fourth quarter maybe at just the (inaudible) in the first quarter by believing as you certainly get to the middle of next year, the end of next year I think you will see that number expand and I think it will look a lot more similar to that 2007-2008 time period I think if we continue at the rates that we are at, we can get through a 30% margin, I believe fairly quickly and I guess at this point everybody back to hat time period and you can see the figured out based on your own revenue growth projections
Brian Radecki: The acquisition pipeline is robust there are a number of potential things out there that we are any given time dialoguing with half a dozen different companies and there is no lack of potential deals out there. I think we are realistically – the consolidation of the headquarters, all the Boston office, result PPR as capital busy as (inaudible) software planning so probably we are moving into a season with little bit of accelerated operation like (inaudible)
Brian Radecki: Yeah its always difficult much you actually have a transaction you don’t really expecting [waving] I guess we paid [41.2], $230 per sq foot it does not, its got a long term land lease out of the property there has been a trends towards institutional investor really wanting to find yield that may look at class A Asset and first year cities as being good alternatives to low yielding debt instrument, cause its pretty much taken up a bond from a company back by high quality real estate so we seen some deals we picked up (inaudible) 230 something a foot 240 something a foot we seen some deals within a couple of blocks of here in the 600, 700 range we are not long term investors in commercial real estate we provide services people who do that so we are always open to, unlocking the value in that and deploying the capital in other probably other users are more core to our business, so was that a good non answer.
Andrew Florance: I think it’s definitely a function of their improving business and the fact that CoStar Group services are really risky important tool for them to be able to productively go and do what they do and do they make money. So what they pay for our services is relatively small compared to the value they are getting from and as long as we have a reputation of being fair in the marketplace, you are getting pushed back in. And we’ve been doing this for a long time now, so I think that it’s certainly a good sense of when the customers are going feel they are getting pushed and they are not feel they are being crushed right now.
Andrew Florance: Sure. I think that the payment trends continue to improve, DSOs continue to improve and our aging has just, I mean I compare it to last year it’s like night and day, and it really what if this goes to the overall how the client and the business and really sort of you know we talked about in prior call sort of the client that were unhealthy we really lost in the past year, I think now that’s why you see the renewal rates going up you see improved collections you know bad debt you know half of what it was last year so I will continue to expect that to move in a positive direction I don’t see anything on the radar screen right now, unless something significant changes in the global economy to really move to dial over there next few quarters there. So, it’s very positive.
Andrew Florance: Sure, some day I want to be more like and only talk about new products when I am on the stage when we actually them shipping tomorrow. But its going well again getting everyone under roof in Boston is great because you have got a great technology team over a result, you got a very innovative group with PPR and then put under one facility its much easier to work on a integrations so we are pursuing a deeply integrated set of products between everything we re doing. From compass to portfolio maximize or to request to DCF to analytics and forecasting and in property data we envision something that is tightly integrated one interface for the customer, one looking field, one login and that's we're going to be pursuing and we're probably not going to give a lot of color on specifically what we're doing until we actually are delivering the product to our clients. (inaudible) had a reasons.
Andrew Florance: This is actually wells real I think wells trying I believe there is a client but the one it was specifically mentioned it was wells real estate and that we're just been that was has been a new customer acquisition that would be something where they would have been I believe using a different competing service for their analytics information, their market forecast and when they looked at being able to get the highly granular detail that a CoStar provides coupled with the great market analytics in the right hubs and forecasting the PPR provides, they thought that was a more effective solution so they basically our new (inaudible) for us.
Andrew Florance: Okay so I think two things lets focus on three things. One is the customer who is attending our PPR conference in the Cape and getting high level overviews of forecast and vacancy rates and run rates and discussions which metrics to be investing in commercial real estate. One will be able to access that information and online they customize that information very high level analytics on macro. Macro trends in US commercial real estate but they want to be able to go from there down to the asset level and see what’s actually happening in specific assets and these people have assets, they like to look and have directly competing assets and performing compared to their assets and they want that all be in a same system with their macro economies resize and they want to be able to go back and forth between the two. The other thing is they want to get too more granular economic, analytics and economic forecast. They want to be able to get a very specific analytics and breakouts on how one submarket and micro market is likely to perform compared to another macro market so its not good enough to talk about what’s happening in office space and mid-town Manhattan you need to be talking about what’s happening in the Plaza district distinctly different from what’s happening in the Grand Central area. So getting into greater granular and that’s part of our initiatives but economist in each local market and really get into the detail there. We think there is a huge market there, there are more than a 100, 200, 300 developers and owners who have multi-billion dollar portfolios only at the local level and that appeals to them in particular. The other thing I think is very interesting is being able to take the customers information, the customers have a wealth of information about their portfolios from accounting information to lease management systems to forecasting systems being able to take that information help them organize it but then present and mind the relevant information in our database analytics and forecast and set against what's relevant and important to them based upon their data and help them soar through this billions of piece of data to find out which ten pieces of data is important to them. So those are the three big trends are going out. We are having a blast doing it’s a fun project. It’s very ambitious but that’s what the customers are saying and we are very happy to pursue solution that sort of matches with the customers are asking for I guess we are nerds.
Andrew Florance: Certainly like the CoStar shadow vacancy rate or something. It’s actually relatively low, our sales force is compensated fairly heavily and we actually shifted our compensation structure at the beginning of the downturn to centralize our sales force to proactively pursue inactive user ids and try to make them active. We call it going creating green bar users, so, in our internal tracking system if you are using our product heavily you are green user. They have earned hundreds of thousands of dollars if not millions of dollars in commissions over the last two years. Going after these dormant ids these people have the legal or subscribers but don’t our product and getting them to use the product, so we are probably when the history of our company at one of the better places we have ever been in terms of having these high percentage of user ids active. And then actually the sales people actually get a loose commissions on new sales as they have a high ratio of dormant ids. So they are right on top of it and the positive evidence of that effort is the fact that these new customers, these customers that have been our customers less then five years right now, they jumped from 74% renewal rate to 87% in the course of one year and that’s because we chased down the dormant ideas. So, I think our company is in the strongest place it’s ever been in terms of percentage of active user ids.
Andrew Florance: Well, that was really a sort of story from last year and the year before when people were reducing brokerage headcount. So, as we went into the downturn like third quarter '07, '08, '09 (inaudible) reducing headcount there were many disruptions were actually probably little bit authorize a lot meant, so there was a lot of recall it and right downs in '08 and '09 associated with down side and then it's the right number by these I don't expect that could be a major factor going forward, I think we're now moving into an expansion phase in brokerage and I think that we're probably as I understand from our sales management team we're seeing a lot of seat adds right now, to now lot of see reductions.
Andrew Florance: Thank you for question Tony we have had some good traction so we now have a lot recognizable retailers as customer using our services for above evaluating their properties and also opening new store we now have I believe in the relatively short period that we have been in retail information and I believe we have 10 of the top 10 retail, nine of the top 10 retail owner developers now as customers so that’s been very successful. To be honest with you I think we are overdue for some product enhancements and upgrades so we have been extraordinarily successful on this space. We have been successful in gaining the trust of the industry and they are using our platform to communicate their offerings listings properties for sale and they are doing it and I guess we've seen multi 100% growth in the number of listings moving through our system. So I think we are at the early stages of developing a product for the retail community and as we get to version two, three and four I think we will be able to get some really solid growth in that space. So, we want to get to next year's ICSC where I think some product upgrades responsible what we know about the industry what we can do for them. I mean these are not really expensive upgrades by the way I should say, this is not involved hiring hundreds of people involves couple of software developers.
Andrew Florance: Okay. And just wanted to thank you all for joining us for the third quarter call and we look forward to I guess next call of the year end results numbers and we are really glad to be in a strong market with some attraction sales and we hope all the other earnings call goes well. Thank you.
