Scott Wheeler: I know how much you love the riveting numbers. You’re like when you go to the Charlie Brown Show, you know, it’s the teacher, all you hear is wah, wah, wah, number, number, wah, wah, wah, number, number when you listen to me.
Scott Wheeler: Well, there are some positives like you mentioned the renewal pricing increases in your comments, but we’re selling new ads under our new pricing structures that are being sold for 15% to 20% prices higher than we were selling them for in July. And we’re getting hundreds of properties that are coming in, paying those prices. So, to your point, Andrew, we’ve typically seen 10% volume growth over the years, and we have plenty of room to penetrate with volume growth. If you had a nice volume growth kicker on top of a 15% new price card, that’s interesting. Coming from Eeyore. The new Eeyore.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. I don’t think we have really any reason to make major changes in the investment model now. I think margins have performed very well, certainly in apartments this year as we focus some investments in other places, but they’ve been running up on top of the strong marketing they’ve had. Like Andy said, we’ll look at the level of spending there and where they’re most effective going forward. I think the margin profiles are strong. The leverage we’re getting is strong on growth across all the platforms. And so, I think as we balance that into the next years, we’ll see continued funds come available that we can reinvest in the most attractive opportunities and still give great margins compared to obviously many others in the market that don’t like to deliver margins. We still think that’s an important part of our value proposition. So, no real change in speed or course there. And I appreciate you hanging with us Mayank to the last question of the night.
Andy Florance: Yes. So, at this point, what we’re focused on with residential is growing our selling operation of Homesnap. So, Homesnap, we’re having great success there, as you can see from these numbers, good, strong SaaS revenue, subscription revenue, the concierge product. We’re accelerating that growth rate dramatically. We believe there is additional room to accelerate that growth rate of Homesnap. So, the Homesnap Pro product doesn’t have a sales force right now. That product reminds me an awful lot of what LoopNet looked like over the last 10 to 15 years when it was being sold at a $50 a month subscription level. And I think it would be healthy for us to be growing the community of residential agents that regularly connect and log into Homesnap and turn to us as an important marketing tool for them and information tool for them. So, that’s our primary focus. And that does not involve large-scale consumer marketing initiatives. That’s really about salespeople and software. And secondarily, what we’re focused on doing is dialing in exactly the right formula for Homes.com and the right relationship between the professional community at Homesnap and the consumer, the buyers who are going to be on Homes.com and making sure that we’re designing the right tools there for them. So, until we have finished that software, finished those designs, fully flushed out where these two products are going, which we’re working very hard on right now, we are -- it’s premature to be looking at dramatic spending initiatives beyond adding salespeople to Homes.com and little bit of software initiatives and the like. So, it’s still open. Now, could we dial back some of the spending on Apartments.com when so many apartment communities are full, probably, and we’ve already had those discussions, not huge, it’s not something that is necessary to free up some initiative over on the residential side, so.
Andy Florance: Sure. So, there are two primary factors with Apartments.com, I think I’ve mentioned. One is this unusual volatility. The spike in occupancy levels, that’s unprecedented. I am sort of predicting something that hasn’t happened before. I believe it begins to reconcile in the next two quarters. It could be one to four quarters, but I do not believe that sophisticated operators of apartment communities are going to leave their occupancy levels so high and miss an opportunity to churn rents as well as you just naturally are going to have so much musical chairs and churn going on because of these pricing changes and work-from-home changes. So, I think it will break pretty quickly. Second major factor is the fact that we are delivering significantly more economic value to our customers than we’ve ever delivered before. And I believe there is an opportunity to recognize that. We’ve trialed some of that in September, and we’ll continue to ramp that up into the fourth quarter and first quarter and the second quarter. So, I think you’re probably -- you’re not looking for any dramatic changes in the fourth quarter this year, but I think you’ll move into a strong 2022. And again, I want to stress that the product itself is as strong as it’s ever been. And we’ve actually been a part of probably helping the industry to achieve the highest rents they’ve ever achieved. I wish we had options on rental levels, but we don’t. And I guess, the second question was when would we expect to see Ten-X benefit from distressed levels in office, well, it’s not something we can predict the exact data, something like that. It’s just my sense is, as I walk through all these office buildings, and I don’t see a human being, that there’s a potential problem there. And so, at some point, rational CFOs will begin to rightsize some of these properties. I do believe that work-from-home is not an effective long-term solution. So, I think that will mitigate to some degree in the market. I am seeing all kinds of examples of businesses running into trouble because they’re not operating at the same productivity levels from a work-from-home model. But, I think that -- I think it could be a 2022 thing. I can’t believe there won’t be some distress somewhere, especially sort of second-generation office buildings may have a tougher time, but Ten-X is really good at selling, finding the biggest audience possible to find that buyer for some real oddball stuff and some high-quality stuff. So, I would think 2022, but I’d be surprised if there’s not some sort of something coming there. So, these two facts -- this sort of effective 70% vacancy rate is potentially a tailwind behind LoopNet and Ten-X.
Andy Florance: So, I think that -- I do not believe it’s the new norm to have 99% leased communities. I do not believe. It’s sort of like unemployment, like if you get to 1% unemployment, you have a very unhealthy economic situation. If you get to less than X number of days of supply of housing, you get to a very -- you get to a frozen market. So, I believe that it remains in owners’ interest to have enough vacancy that they’re sort of testing -- they had churn in there and that they’re testing the upper limits of their pricing. For these folks, with fixed mortgages, moving these rents up is extremely attractive. Their NOI goes up at a much higher rate than their rental rate does. So, you move 10% up on your rental rate, you might be moving up 40% on your NOI and a cap rate of 3.5%. These folks are motivated to push rents. They may push rents and sell the asset, right? But I don’t think it’s a new normal. So, secondarily, the reception we’ve received to the pricing changes has been very positive. Again, I pulled -- met for couple of hours recently with some of the senior sales leadership on the apartment side and asked, had anybody canceled. And an answer I get back without doing a deep dive audit was, no. And that secondarily, overall people were fine with it. Now remember, these people who are pushing these pricing increases too, it’s not that we are increasing their price. We are reducing the rate at which we reduce their cost per lead at a time in which they’re getting tremendous value from these more and more efficient lower cost leads. I think it’s possible that we’re giving some of these communities, leases for as low as $30 a lease, when they have historically paid potentially $300 per lease, $700 per lease. So, I think it’s a fairly straightforward conversation. We’re delivering value. And I think folks want us to continue to delivering that kind of value. So, it’s something people are responding to. Now, I’d be disappointed if some owner -- property managers somewhere didn’t bring out their procurement officer and try to beat us up. So, I expect that to happen, but no cancellation so far is pretty good.
Andy Florance: Sure. So, first of all, bright spots in just the Multifamily and Apartments.com, it’s important to keep looking at those penetration rates overall. So, there’s two factors. What your revenue is per unit with your existing customers and then also your ability to add new customers. So, we still remain at very low penetration rates, we are proving our ability to sell, not only at the 120, 150-unit communities, but we’re proving our ability to sell successfully at the 75-unit community, the 50-unit community, 30-unit community, 10-unit community, 4-unit community. So, it’s all greenfield for Apartments.com. We have -- we can double, triple, quadruple, grow tenfold the number of communities participating with us through time. So, that’s an important growth driver that remains there in 2022 and certainly, we remain very-focused on. And then, the other thing is that these pricing initiatives and rightsizing also I believe could generate -- may well generate some good momentum moving into the middle of 2022 for Apartments.com. LoopNet is, as I said, doing really well, you see in the traffic numbers. I really do believe that digital marketing is the new norm in commercial real estate. And I believe we have an extraordinary opportunity there because of our incredible share of traffic and eyeballs in that industry. I think there are a lot of folks in commercial real estate, who are still operating on 1985 marketing paradigms, largely based on print or digital substance of print. And I think that there’s going to be more and more awareness and awakening there. I am thrilled with what’s happening in Homesnap. Everyone was looking for us to go out and spend $1 trillion on marketing and do sort of exactly what REA Group is doing or what Rightmove is doing. We will develop in pace something like that. But, we have a great product there in Homesnap that residential agents like. And it hasn’t been widely marketed or sold to that community, and we’re pretty good at doing that. So, I think there’s a lot of revenue that can be built there, that’s great revenue because it’s strategic revenue that builds the base platform that’s unique to us to be able to also be a leading player in the consumer marketplaces. CoStar, you heard our discussion of all these new sort of initiatives beyond the upsell process, but just the lender, STR, that sort of progression of new features, it’s going to be -- I am blown away by how well our sales people are doing on that side, just the individual productivity rates I’m seeing are unprecedented. And the whole reason we’re doing this upsell initiative, the whole reason we’ve been launching a successful upsell initiative, is to prep the field for the next revenue growth initiative, which is unlocking the value of cross-border information with our gradual expansion into Europe, continued expansion in Canada and the fact that the vast majority of investing of institutional-grade assets crosses borders. We want to be able to provide solutions there and then actually drive revenue for our shareholders there as well. So, no shortage of stuff going on across all these businesses we’ve got. We are going to get some market anomalies, some odd things happening here and there, a black swan event here or there, but a lot of tailwinds overall. And thank you, Mark Schwartz and Drew Davidson for just killing it and your sales team there in CoStar.
Andy Florance: Sure. So, remember, Citysnap is Homesnap. And there are over 1 million agents. And those agents, when they start using Citysnap, when the MLS buys it for them, it might be free, it may not be -- but when they subscribe to the enhanced functionality of the product, they may begin spending $50 a month with us, similar to what we use to get for LoopNet. Then if they start using us for concierge marketing services, they might spend $500 a month with us, $600 a month with us. And when you start thinking about 1 million agents spending $500, $600 a month, then you start to get to an interesting number, right? Because that’s not a year, that’s a month, $500 a month. So, we’re selling a lot of that right now, and that’s going well. So, we don’t really have to do anything like what StreetEasy is doing, which is so unpopular in order to be financially successful. So, yes, I’m aware that like folks are pretty annoyed at StreetEasy and the fact that the prices are going up so rapidly, it’s all pay to list. And some of the functionality where they’re using other people’s listings to try to get brokers fees for agent fees for other people. So, like we have to pay to not have a different agent’s name on your listing is kind of -- blackmail is too strong a word for it, but it’s zillamail or something, I don’t know. It’s a little offensive to the industry, which is why you’re seeing stuff like such an unprecedented thing that’s never happened before. There’s never been an MLS before in New York City. This is the first time the agents have all gotten together and actually created something together. And we’re honored to have the chance to try to serve that. Initially, the fees are on Homesnap Pro+, which is sort of Citysnap Pro+ and the concierge marketing products and then ultimately over time, it will be marketing revenue very similar to what we do with Apartments.com, LoopNet or REA Group. These are marketing solutions that allow almost all the brokers to participate, not just a small selection of them. It’s something we do that allows them to participate in a way in which they feel that we’re their ally, not their disintermediation enemy. So, there’s a whole bunch of ways we can do this. Now, we don’t minimize the challenge of building an audience in it. But, we obviously have experience in building audiences, and we like taking on these challenges. I’m not sure if I answered your question, but that was that.
Andy Florance: Absolutely. So, the value proposition we’ve delivered is really incredible. So, when we bought Apartments.com, like five, six years ago, they were generating, I believe, sub-20 leads per property per month, maybe 10 to 15. We’re now generating 175 leads per month. The pricing hasn’t moved anything like that. And so, rerationalizing that pricing to effectively slow the rate at which we bring the cost per lead down, is separate from what’s going on in these super high occupancy levels. So, we might see revenue growth associated with more rational pricing of lead delivery, recognizing that some communities pull many more leads, some communities need less. But we may see pricing revenue acceleration from that. And then you may see a return to people needing to move up our tier levels to drive more listings as they see vacancies as people move back and forth and play musical chairs in rentals with all this work-from-home stuff and as well as potential changes in the economy and then also changes then get higher rent growth. So, if these folks pull another -- if our clients pull another 10% rent increase, they may see occupancy levels fall still at high levels, but our leads will become worth 10% more than they were before. And again, from an NOI perspective, our leads become worth 30%, 40% more, right? So, I think you’re right, it could be a double whammy. But, Mr. Wheeler here has to play the role of Eeyore and he’s going to see it before he’s ever going to talk about it.
Andy Florance: Sure. I appreciate the question, Mario. But -- and as you know, we’re not going to tell you anything that really identifies anything. I can tell you anecdotally, 15 minutes before this call, I picked up the phone, I called Martin Johnson, our Head of M&A, and updated him on 4 or 5 thoughts we had of relatively small companies, but could be nice tuck-ins, they’re strategic. There’s always a big pipeline of strategic things. There’s some that are a little bit bigger. There’s some I think that will get a -- that I think is pretty straightforward and positive that we’re working on, that has nuances that are challenging, but could be interesting. We just turned down a pretty significant deal because -- after due diligence because we felt it was ultimately not the right value and had too much hair on it. But, I think it’s more of a -- right now, what we’re looking at is more deals that sort of enhance the sort of general initiatives you’re well aware of. We’re not looking at anything right now that really jumps us out of the things you’re familiar with, the general strategic themes that our investors are well aware of. But, there are a lot of things that can help us strengthen what we’re already doing.
Andy Florance: Sure. So, just keep in mind one thing, as you consider what’s going on here. If you ever think about the unemployment -- the job creation numbers, you might -- people might be expecting 280,000 new jobs this month. People forget that that is 5 million jobs lost and 5.2 million jobs gained. So, the 200,000 is -- and that’s the same thing here. You might have a relatively small movement in people downgrading, which causes a softness in the apartment sales because they’re so occupied, the under construction side of the business is solid and cranking, and we are at a near all-time high of supply. And those communities always -- I mean, most typically look to Apartments.com to fill up their communities when they hit the market fully vacant. So, that business is as good as it’s ever been. And it doesn’t take a Nobel laureate economist to know that with rents climbing 12% and cap rates going down to 3-point whatever percent that there, you’re going to see more supply, especially in apartments as an inflation hedge. So, I think you’re going to see a lot of activity in land. And I think you’re going to see a lot of activity with people bringing apartments to market as quickly as they possibly can. So, I think that business is going great. In terms of anecdotally, one market versus another, these different markets are gyrating -- doing these spikes in occupancy at slightly different pattern. So, at the beginning -- early stage of pandemic, you saw spikes in say like secondary tertiary cities, like a Richmond or San Diego, and you saw vacancies rise in markets like New York, then you see New York shoot up and occupancy levels down in vacancy. So, they’re all moving around with pretty good volatility. So, we don’t have -- we aren’t really identifying clear cut different trends from one market to another. Just generally, the overall theme is demand for apartments right now is an unprecedented high. And the supply is high, too, but demand is super high, and it’s across the country.
Andy Florance: Yes, we’re -- we would -- sort of going backwards there, we would -- as we’ve been for many, many years, we would always be open to looking at good, strong players who have -- are part of the data clearinghouse for the market. These are sort of good, great raw material companies to help build a larger platform with. So, deals like BureauxLocaux, we would keep looking for those. And they are out there around the world. So we keep track of them. Now, in terms of how important are these sites, well, they’re very valuable. I mean, we can go into a market without them, like you can see us creating a marketplace in Spain successfully, but we like to accelerate that growth. And marketplaces generate a lot of high-quality data. Users actually electronically submit a lot of that data. It is well within our wheelhouse. When we pick up like a BureauxLocaux in Paris, we can -- I think we have a good skill set in growing their traffic, coming up with more pricing, more value propositions for their advertisers, more pricing opportunities for revenue driving for us. We usually have the ability to improve their imagery, some of their marketing strategies for their clients. But, we can take the data coming off of BureauxLocaux, and we have already identified maybe 8 or 9 other sources of data that we connect in with that data and build a very robust information tool for the professional community for the investing community. And the marketplace is just something special that gives you unique data. And the more people shopping on that marketplace, the more people want to give you data, the more people give you data, the more people want to shop on that marketplace, and that virtuous circle feeds our information platforms. I also remember one of the things we’re doing here is we are -- we believe that just like the phenomenon we experienced in the United States when you’re selling data in a couple of cities in the United States, your data is valuable, but not wildly valuable. Once you’re selling a footprint of almost the whole United States, the people who find your data, who really operate at a national level, that world grows and your data becomes dramatically more valuable. We’re pursuing that same effect in Europe. Right now, we’re only -- we’re providing solutions in a couple of markets. We think that once we’re providing solutions across the major economies, which we’re really working, making good progress on right now with Germany, France, United Kingdom, Spain and others, that your value proposition will grow and you’ll see more profitability in Europe, more revenue growth in Europe and then globally. We also think we are focused on bringing LoopNet internationally. We believe that it’s a really good product, the way it presents the properties is appealing and has international appeal, where -- I just came back from two days in Paris discussing an excruciating detail how the models changed slightly in various markets and how you have disconnected listings for properties, et cetera, et cetera, and we can incorporate that to LoopNet. I think that LoopNet starts off with a significant advantage. And I think Google takes a whole bunch of positive signals from LoopNet. I can see that in some markets where we don’t -- we barely have any properties in a market outside the United States, and LoopNet performs exceptionally well just because it’s so successful in the United States. So, we are very interested in having both, the local marketplaces like BureauxLocaux, Belbex, Realla but also have the international market with LoopNet. In particular, given the fact that a lot of the appeal of the international marketing platform like LoopNet is cross-border sales, which are big, people can invest in a triple net easily across the border, and they do. So LoopNet will do really well with the for-sale side as it did in the United States as it grew out there. And then, I’m also interested in having Ten-X chase that growth of LoopNet, again because I believe that a very-high percentage of these ultimately successful bidders at Ten-X are actually international audience. So, probably more than you’re asking for, but a couple of thoughts.
Andy Florance: I think with that, we’re going to wind up the call. Thank you for all the good questions. So, we appreciate you joining us for our third quarter call today. And as we move towards the end of 2021, I can’t believe that we’re actually doing that, but here we are. We’re working towards two important short-term milestones. One is the goal of reaching $1 billion of annualized revenue run rate in our marketplaces by the end of the year. The second is we look forward to crossing the $2 billion revenue run rate for the Company overall, solidly and cleanly. And so, we think the strength of our franchise is clear and the amazing traffic growth, lead growth and high renewal rates we’re showing right now and the successes we’re showing with so many of our product areas and strong sales growth remain focused on growing the core businesses while working to triple our addressable market opportunity through investments in residential and international expansion. So, we look forward to meeting with you again for our fourth quarter call on February ‘22, hang in there. I know it’s a little bit longer than normal quarterly interval, but we’ll be there. Until then, stay safe. And thank you very much for participating.
