Brian J. Radecki: I was crossing out paragraphs as Andy was just reading off all my numbers. I was like, "Well, I don't have to talk about that. Well, let's not talk about that." But I'll reread a couple just because I know you guys you want to hear me. Thanks, Andy. As Andy mentioned, we're very pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter and full year 2014. CoStar Group's organic business continues to show solid top line growth, while we grew earnings, all while we made exceptional progress integrating Apartments.com and investing for the long term. Our strong 2014 performance has created an opportunity for us to further invest in research and marketing in 2015. As discussed in last week's call, seems like we're talking to these guys every other day, we have begun to do so, and we will continue to invest through 2015, which we believe will accelerate revenue growth for many years to come. Starting with CoStar Group's results for the fourth quarter 2014, the company reported $156.1 million of revenue, an increase of 35% compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. For the full year 2014, revenues were $575.9 million, an increase of $135 million or approximately 30.6% for the full year 2013. We reported adjusted EBITDA of $54.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2014, which is an increase of $13.5 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. Another way to look at it, is that we had $217 million of Q4 annualized adjusted EBITDA, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 34.8% for the fourth quarter 2014. Now this is, again, all while we're investing in research as we discussed prior. Adjusted EBIT for the full year 2014 was $188.5 million, which is an increase of 37.8% or $51.7 million compared to the full year 2013. Adjusted EBITDA margins increased to an all-time high of approximately 33% for the full year 2014. Net income for the fourth quarter 2014 was $13.9 million, an increase of $1.1 million from the $12.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter of 2014 was $29.8 million or $0.93 per diluted share, which is a 34% increase from 2013. Did you give that number? Gross margins was $113.2 million for the fourth quarter or 72.5% of revenue, which again includes the majority investments as research -- in research that we've discussed and is essentially unchanged from Q4 2013. Reconciliation of all non-GAAP and income, EBITDA adjusted EBITDA and all the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to their GAAP basis results are shown in detail along with definitions for those terms in our press release issued yesterday and are available at www.costar.com. Or if you didn't catch that because I went too fast, just email getrich@costar.com. Get rich.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes. This is Brian. So I think we did a great job. I mean, we added hundreds of researchers. Frank Carchedi and his group did an amazing job collecting the content. We probably were at the low end of that range. So we definitely got the majority of the cost structure and people in the door that we wanted to. Probably a little bit more spilled over in Q1 than I would expect. As you get into Q2 and forward, you'll see the gross margins begin to climb again. So I'd say we got the majority of it in there. There's probably maybe a million or so that will spill over into Q1.
Brian J. Radecki: All the traffic we're talking about right now is pre the major B2C marketing spend. The -- on the LoopNet side, there is no material change in our marketing spend. In fact, it's probably a slight reduction from prior year. It's basically better -- we're bringing a little bit more of an investment in search engine marketing this year in LoopNet. Certainly, a significant increase in search engine marketing in Apartments.com. A little bit of an increase in Land and Farm and Lands of America. But big picture it is mostly effective SEO and content advantage. That won't be true next quarter and the following quarter, I hope. I believe that then you'll see organic traffic is being heavily influenced by major B2C media spends on the Apartments.com side.
Brian J. Radecki: And just add to Andy's brief response, the -- I gave both numbers because I think most people have their models, separated into two. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we certainly look at them in one bucket now and as Andy said, we obviously have pockets of areas, whether it's debt and equity or in the other verticals that we might add some. But I think, in general, we'll be focused on productivity gains. When you look out to, your one -- your 3-, 5-year model, I mean, we will probably then go back to sort of increasing the size by 10% to 15%. But I think, for this year, there could be movements within the numbers, but it's going to be plus or minus that 500 or so number. So thank you.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes. So from German to English. What it means is that, we continue to test the various things. We talked about the Orlando experiment. Essentially, what we're doing here is that, when we get to the end of the year, the $40 million will likely be less by -- with LoopNet, that base is a high churn, month to month. So as people are churning, we're not letting them come back in at a lower price, it's a bigger price. So clearly, volumes are significantly down. So, you don't know where those people go. The assumption is, they will come back and our sales force will sell them, what is that time period, 2 months, 6 months, 8 months, 9 months, whatever it is. So the same sunsetting revenue of $14 million to $20 million, I haven't changed that because essentially, you're seeing a lot, a lot lower volume because people are churning out on the monthly side. We are picking up some of those as Andy said, with higher contracts that are more on par with the CoStar Information. Essentially, you're getting the same result without having to sort of turn it off by doing price increases. So we continue, as we've mentioned in the past, to test various ways to carefully transition these people, from one bucket to the other, but ultimately, the financial result for this year is going to be the same, I believe, within that same range. So we'll just keep updating as we move forward, so.
Brian J. Radecki: And I'll follow up with that. I mean, so Andre, as far as the models go, the financial models, our model hasn't changed as far as the revenue range. You're still moving -- your -- the goal is again, to still move people from one bucket to the other. We're just testing different ways of doing it. And the price increases that we talked about have been less than a week. So again, I'm not changing my model. I wouldn't recommend anybody else's. As we talked about on prior calls, we have the ability to pull the lever. So we can obviously control that. But our goal is to -- is quickly as we can, move everybody from one bucket to the other. When you do that, you'll have a bunch of people that drop out for 2 or 3 quarters, which will cause the, whatever the range was, $15 million -- $14 million to $20 million. But again, we believe that, as you get into 2016 and '17, you'll pick all that up by multiples of 3, 4, 5x. So financially modeling, it ends up to be the same place. We're just getting there a little bit different way, which makes it easier on our sales force. So thank you.
Brian J. Radecki: Okay, good question. I think that for people in the know, people in the industry, especially people who are operating in both office industrial and multifamily or retail and multifamily, you will definitely get a halo effect over to the CoStar brands. We did make the decision to streamline the branding of -- in the campaign. We considered branding the commercials, Apartments.com powered by CoStar Group. But we felt that it was much more important to keep a simple, clean message in the renter's mind, the simplest possible URL. And just throw on a halo effect. It -- when we go and talk to customers, remember that we're not just trying to sell advertising on Apartments.com. We're trying to sale an awful lot of information solutions on the CoStar side. So when people see -- what we're seeing when owners of commercial properties and apartment buildings see this branding campaign, Apartments.com, and the acquisition of Apartments.com by the CoStar Group, they attribute, an attribute of much higher quality apartment information now in CoStar Group than anywhere else. So we are getting -- they really latch onto that, and we are getting a benefit from that. We will get a benefit from that. And that one contract I mentioned is an example of that. We'll see more of that.
Brian J. Radecki: Sure, yes. And so, Apartments -- the actual Q4 revenue is down slightly over Q3, which is sort of what's expected, and sort of -- sort of like LoopNet, Q4 is always usually down from Q3, and then up in Q1. They did well year-over-year. I think it was again, around a 15%, 16% year-over-year growth rate. The expectations for this year, I think, I was pretty clear in the last call, but I can clarify a little bit more is that, as we move from one side to the other, in February, there's small buckets of loss revenues. So the revenue for -- their actual revenue for Q1 will probably be lower as you transition from one site to the other. And then the marketing campaign starts in March and really runs through September, the heavy piece of it. So reality is, I believe you'll start to see the contracts or, we'll obviously have contracts coming in by the next call, but I think we'll be talking about that, but I think the reality is, a good cross-sell number and the bulk of it will really come in the July call, where we'll be talking about the success of the campaign. Because you're not going to have 1 month out there. You're going to 4 months of activity out there. So I believe that you'll get the actual GAAP revenue for that to start to come in, in Q3 and really by Q4 and then Q1 of next year, where you'll see the acceleration, I think, out of the teens and, as you get into next year, into the 20s. So you're not going to see -- I mean, you could see it, but I think reality is, you actually have to market it for 3 or 4 months, you have to go sell it and then you got to get in your revenue, so there's not much expectations in the model for this year.
Brian J. Radecki: So we -- the industry, had historically done a lot of 6-month contracts. When you're dealing with a 250-unit building, you're never going to run out of the need to market that building. So I think the 6-month contracts are more an artifact of the fact that no one was differentiating their brand in a material way. But when we go in there, we offer people a significant discount on information product they're very interested in getting. And we give them some flexibility to add and remove communities, and we're talking about a 20-community owner. We think we can do, like that contract that just came in, we think we can do annual deals. Because that makes sense. That's like baseline annual leases with their renters, why not do annual deals for marketing? We will still take 6-month deals in some instances, we pay a different commission rate to our salespeople. But remember, when we did LoopNet, everything was month to month, and we transitioned that to overwhelmingly annual deals. And we think the same opportunity exists here. It gives you much more visibility in your revenue. And you can do it.
Andrew C. Florance: I think the -- it's a good point. So I think that you can just focus on total field sales people, because the vast majority of our salespeople are now whether in Apartments or CoStar, they're focusing on selling annual contracts wherever possible with high-renewal potential. So it's just basically field sales in the core product areas. We are -- we feel that at this point, with the acquisition of Apartments.com, the growth that occurred in their sales force since the acquisition, and the growth that occurred in the CoStar sales field sales force in the course of 2014. At this point, we have a very large field sales force. And you put them all together in one room at the sales conference, and you see we have a very large field sales force. And right now, what's really important is training, productivity gains, teaming, effective segmentation of that sales force, and I don't really feel like right now it's about headcount growth. It's about effective segmentation and crosstraining and teaming, making sure that the most experienced reps in a particular area are handling the highest-value opportunities in that particular area. And that's a lot of work to do during 2015. That's where we're going to be focusing on. We might see some growth in a couple of areas, that's going to be minor. It won't really move the dial. We are going to grow our field sales force that's dedicated to only our rural land products. We still believe that's a diamond in the rough. Maybe many diamonds in the rough. And then we also may begin to build a little bit more of a dedicated farmer account management model in some of these much larger accounts like CB Richard Ellis or Bank of America, some of these large groups where -- as we deploy more and more software upgrades that we think will be very valuable to them, we want to make sure that they know how to use them and that they get deployed. And we can pay for that by selling LoopNet subscriptions to individuals as we go into those accounts. So we can actually fund our own account management process, I think, through LoopNet subscriptions. So I do not think that the headline of 2015 will be headcount growth in sales force. It'll have to be changing conditions in '16 or '17 that cause that.
Andrew C. Florance: And we remain very confident. As we look at granular level data in this LoopNet book, you've got tens of thousands of people who've been using LoopNet as an information product continuously for multiple years and intensely. We do not believe that those people will go away forever and we do not believe that those people will find a better value in some other information solution. So we believe that we will capture a major piece of that client base at a higher price point with a higher renewal rate.
Andrew C. Florance: Yes, so Bill, just to add quickly on to that. I mean, it is a lot like LoopNet. I mean, they're a year and they're cancelable after 6 months, and they're essentially month-to-month after that. So this is, sort of, an industry that's used to that. So we are going out with annual contracts, but just like with LoopNet, we have to sort prove that we can actually sell it, since this was rolled out a little bit over a week ago. We have texts and e-mails of individual stories. But the reality is, we have to do it. I'm fairly confident when you look at, our goal always, our core business model to, when I talked about it earlier, was we used to be 90% plus subscription revenue. After LoopNet, we dropped down to like 70%, then we got it back up 80%, and now with this, we dropped down to the low 60s. I think we will be -- I mean, I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, by the end of next year, I think we'll be back up into the high 60s or 70%, and in the following years, I think we can get back to 80% and 90%. But it'll take a little while. I mean, I don't expect every single deal that's going to come in is going to be on an annual contract. We're not going to kick them out if they don't. It will take time to sort of get the industry used it. So it'll happen over time. Thank you.
Andrew C. Florance: I want to thank everyone for joining us for this fourth quarter 2014 earnings call. And we look forward to updating you on the progress we're making in the business next quarter. Thank you, all, for joining us. I'm sorry for running 4 minutes late. Brian, you owe them 4 minutes.
