Scott Wheeler: Yes, George, thanks for the question. Yes, what we're seeing really is that refining good efficiencies across a number of our areas, all related primarily to the resourcing levels. So we don't need to add as many resources to get some of the productivity. You heard Andy mentioned the productivity we're seeing in research, and we also saw some good productivity across some of the different marketing programs we run. And the last area as I said we look at the synergies we're going to get out of the ForRent business and we are ahead of what we expected at this time regarding the headcount reductions that we just talked about, and so that's also helping us feel more confident about we're going with the cost for the rest of the year.
Scott Wheeler: Yes, and we didn't see shutdowns coming in the quarter so much. Those coming following quarters really from the things we've notified previously in the Xceligent from the last quarter.
Scott Wheeler: So clearly, we're focused on getting through this year with the margins getting up to the 40% by the end of the year. And as you've seen, it's a combination of strong operating leverage as we drive revenue, and the operating leverage requires that we make significant investments in future growth of the business often to the P&L that come ahead of obviously when the growth comes up. So as we're thinking further out, we're looking at one of those investments we need to keep making. Like the research investment, like the apartments investments I mentioned. Those are driving significant revenue growth, although they're a year or two sometimes lagging when we make the investment. So as we start to plan for 2019, we're going to look at all those opportunities for investments and will they drive revenue growth. And then once we get that spent together, we will start to talk about where we see the margins going further. What we're doing at this time is putting out another big margin target like we did with the 40%. We're going to evaluate where we are as we got further in the year and then give you some further guidance as we get later in the year.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. Two big things for second quarters, like you pointed out, the marketing spend. So we do have the most significant second quarter marketing spend that we've - we'll ever had in the second quarter, so that definitely does cause and effect. And then the second is we've got the first full quarter of the ForRent cost coming into the second quarter. So that's going to dilute a little bit more in the second quarter and is going to show these cost moving sequentially. Obviously, as we continue to do our integrations and those will moderate over time, but those are the primary drivers in the second quarter for us.
Andrew Florance: Okay. So and I left out another one, which was a focus on more face-to-face meetings with existing clients for a better service course. So you're right, there's a lot going on. And the reason there's a lot going on is because we have a lot of opportunity. So all these things are good things. And realistically, we're looking at where we are and the business has never been stronger. So we're thinking about things optimize the business longer term, intermediate term, and we are doing some important moves like watching the pricing, being more aggressive with the pricing, making sure we're driving both LoopNet sales and the CoStar sales of these clients. So I anticipate that over the course of the next three to four months, five months, that will create a little bit of churn. But that's a great sales force. They'll pick it up. They'll be a limited change added as it goes but we'll come out of it with an even more productive sales force. Even external productive but this will bring us what I think is optimizing our revenue opportunity. So looking out, it's probably in the fall, where you start to see a real traction pick up from it, maybe late summer.
Andrew Florance: Yes. So a lot of folks are going after. I mean, one of the things we really want to stress is that when we - that pool of 80,000 is still there. It's still an enormous, enormous opportunity and that five person, three -person, 10-person shot category, and that separate these things from the opportunity continue to sell the bank's owners and institutional players. So that broker segment is massive, and we are very confident that they haven't gone anywhere. We're in the process of either getting them to stop stealing and pay for it or just converting them and selling them up. As we do bring them on, you can see from the comments that we have two distinct really valuable products for these people. One is the information service CoStar and we're also getting additional seals on those LoopNet subscriptions for marketing and lead generation. These same brokers are the folks that can set up introductions for us to the owners they represent who tend to buy higher end ads, which I think has a lot of traction. So it is - it's really a gift that keeps on giving and it's a lot of opportunity for same-store sales going forward.
Andrew Florance: Sure. So I would say that Xceligent is more largely gone. They're gone in the large way. But there's an intersection between the LoopNet and the Xceligent audience. So probably, 50%, 60%, maybe 70% is Xceligent customers were also using LoopNet. They start of fill gaps back and forth between them. And so there is a universe of 80,000 we look at, and that to me, I'm very comfortable that audience represents well over $100 million of incremental high-margin revenue. And we are taking our time to make sure that we price that correctly and that we're not rushing and that we're optimizing that opportunity. So it's - you can see the price points we've been achieving, just under 500 level, and again, the folks were coming in at typically $54, they're paying us $54 on average. They're coming in close to $500 net increase, so it's a huge, huge opportunity.
Andrew Florance: Yes. So it's really - we didn't see any much impact to the positive from that shut down. We expect that to happen over the next 9 months or so. And I guess it would be about, what, 1,000 to 2,000 loops in up-sells in the current …
Andrew Florance: Yes, someone sign me up on a keynote speech on Thursday at 11 so sure to get jammed up this week, so we're doing it Honolulu time this week.
Andrew Florance: Okay. So, yes, there are number of people who are working cost per lease models. Generally, those are folks who have a weaker value proposition to the apartment communities. So if you're the clear leader in this space, people look at you as the primary source of filling up their property. They're willing to have a fixed subscription amount with this. And that is the preferential - that's a better situation to be in. If my traffic or my lead flow is lower, then I say, hey, guys, look, if I can't deliver anything, if I can't deliver anything to you, you don't have to pay anything. So you just pay me if I can show you get a lease. So it's something that we might consider as a low-end but not at the institutional end. At the institutional we're driving a consistent steady flow, the primary flow of leads some of these big communities that would only make sense for us at the mom-and-pop level. And I've spoken to some of the folks you're talking about whether are doing that cost per lease models and they're pretty frank about saying we wish we could do subscription pricing but we're not as strong as you are so we had to do cost per lease. The organic traffic is obviously mind-boggling. The keyword share we have now, the organic keyword share is mind-boggling and really strong. So congratulations to Fred Saenz and his team for producing that. I don't think that changes much on the advertising spend. That's one of the reasons why we do so well there is we have a good duration, a little people up to click on it, so when it served up, it's often a successful serve up which then reinforces our organic ranking. So I think the two work off of each other, and it's a good thing. With growing margins, we're going to keep working to see more of it.
Andrew Florance: And we only have two margin - big margin goals simultaneously running. We'd rather achieve 1, get the trophy and then set another goal.
Andrew Florance: Sure. I mean, I would say that it's next to impossible to beat the performance of listing managers so far. So I think that was a big - that was a decent sized technology effort. We put a lot of effort into the UX to make sure that it was a seamless experience. It was intuitive. We'll continue to do that, and that technology investment has led to something that could save us well north of $10 million a year ongoing, may be even more than that. And at the same time has increased the quantity of data and client satisfaction. We're doing - we do have a slightly different structure now. We have a dedicated software team down in Richmond for supporting our research operations. We're doing across the whole system. We're seeing some really interesting potential in research product that comes out of technologies, so things like we're starting to learn more about what customers want from their search behavior and that actually becomes data in and of itself. So for instance, if you're conventional list says that [people 16 over] want two bedrooms. Well, Apartments.com now showing us that's free, that's actually people want one bedroom based on the subjectivity we're seeing. We're doing more robots to scrape websites and serve up content there and observe content. So we have, any given point a dozen to two dozen initiatives in technologies for our research operations. But the silent - the emerging big decade-old winner is listing manager and impact on our bottom line that is going to have is really, really hard to beat in the same quarter.
Andrew Florance: I think we've found - you're right. The prior audience is pretty big. And the fact that we were spending so much time and effort with Xceligent probably diverted our attention away from these folks a bit. We did invest about a year ago in building our technology, our own facial recognition, pattern scanning, device recognition. We did invest a lot about a year ago in technology tools that are available now, which will support this effort. Typically, when you approach someone with really compelling clear evidence that we know they have been receiving the product, nine out of 10 or 19 out of 20 just want to, like you caught me, I'll pay up. And so you're typically only litigating one in 20, which would still be a lot. But I think that if you just show people who read that they just can't get away with this, I think you can move your ratio up to 49 out of 50 will work something out with you. So it had to be able to share that you're willing to litigate the lots support your side, which it clearly does. Someone that is using CoStar illegally and producing reports and printing out photos, subjecting themselves to potentially hundreds of thousands of dollars of damages under the law. So we think it'll cost a little bit but nothing like we spent last year in Xceligent.
Andrew Florance: Yes. So when you got a big 1, you should never eat anything larger than your head. As I want to make sure we get this 1 done properly. But we're busy. We are busy. We have not changed our stripes. We just haven't pounced yet.
Andrew Florance: So thank you very much. I think those are a great group of questions, and thank you for being flexible as we approach our 20th anniversary as a public company for the first time, we changed to a Monday evening. We will try in the future to not let people schedule speeches for me on the same time as the earnings call. Thank you very much.
