Scott Yinger: Yes, Andre, this is Scott. So I think what we're saying is that in total the Apartments marketing spend we should be able to manage down $20 million year-over-year. So as you said there are various components in there. There was roughly $80 million incremental spend that we announced around Apartments.com, and then we put some SCM spending behind ApartmentFinder as well. And in aggregate, we expect that we can bring the marketing budget down about $20 million year-over-year.
Scott Yinger: Yes, Bill, so we net out in that number. We net out prior billing amounts. So if somebody was on a month-to-month contract and now moved to an annual contract, that's netted out of that number.
Scott Yinger: Yes, so 11% to 13% range. The core business continues to be in that range. I think absolute year-over-year was the low end of that range this quarter. And then as Andy pointed out in his comments, sequentially, if I'd strip out ApartmentFinder, the business was up 4.2% sequentially just organic growth quarter-over-quarter.
Scott Yinger: Well, this is Scott, Andrew. I think the guidance we just gave you I think will show you that we're making pretty steady progress next year. And exactly what the trajectory is beyond that, it's hard for me to give any detailed guidance on it. But I think it's fairly steady. Quarter-to- quarter it will vary based on the seasonality of the marketing and things like that. So I don't think every quarter it's up and to the right by a fixed percentage. But annually, I think we gave you a pretty good point. I think we -- I just said I thought we could be up 8% to 10% margin points next year. And I think if you plot that out over the next couple of years it gets you to that 40% exiting 2018.
Scott Yinger: The way we defined that, that did not have Loop in it. So that was basically the core information analytics. And it would include the new CoStar Market Analytics that we sell too.
Andy Florance: It's turning rough when the Washington Post writes an article about the fact that everyone in town should drop by and see our Halloween party because it's really good. That puts a lot of pressure on us and could possibly divert us away from our business. But it's really our field research team that does the really good Halloween party. So yes, I'll be participating in the spirit of it for sure.
Andy Florance: On an annualized basis, the core business in the third quarter was running in that 10% to 13% range.
Andy Florance: And the prior quarter Q2 over Q1 would be 3.2%. So it climbed from 3.2% to 4.2% sequential quarterly.
Andy Florance: Well, on behalf on the 115 software developers who have been staying in various hotels north of Atlanta in Norcross, Georgia, for the last three months, I am not going to say we're about to do something else. They would like to have a little break after finishing this integration job. But I think that this probably has changed the calculus a little bit so that I think it would now look like we have been able to integrate in another good brand in the apartment space, get good reaction from the customers, retain the revenue, and achieve significant cost efficiencies. So I would definitely, as you look at other deals, they would obviously have to be priced correctly. We would want to capture the value for our capabilities ourselves, not give them to someone selling a business. But I would feel much more comfortable about our ability to do these deals and manage the risks of conversion. There are opportunities, but there's nothing specific right now.
Andy Florance: I think our thought is that, first of all, it's great news for Apartments.com and for ApartmentFinder to have that construction coming in because those folks tend to buy our most expensive ad packages, so that's a good driver there. There's definitely concerns out there about the amount of construction on the multifamily space specifically, and with incomes being relatively flattened down for a lot of the demand side, will we be able to continue to see rent growth with all the supply coming in? But realistically, the absorption is matching the supply still and our feeling is that you've still got 18 months to two years before you're really going to see any big problem develop. Things are obviously priced to perfection in a lot of areas. The office side is actually, $40 million in construction on the office side is nothing. The other sectors are pretty darned stable. And one metric that I put a lot of weight on, we've seen in two prior cycles, we've seen it be a good leading indicator, is the going down to the submarket level and counting the number of submarkets improving versus the number of submarkets degrading. And right now 65% of submarkets improving. We're still feeling that things look pretty solid. So let's call it a very rounded, flat mountaintop, a plateau mountaintop. Does that answer your question at all? No. Feel free to redirect if you think I didn't answer the question properly.
Andy Florance: On the first question on this nature of the deals coming in, for sure we are seeing a wide array of deals that are significantly larger than the deals we traditionally see. But they're not like CBRE Richard Ellis scale deals or anything like that. They're just good, solid, $10,000 a month, $20,000 a month deals at the upper end of this. But the real bulk is $1,000 a month here, $1,000 a month there. But that is dramatically higher than doing LoopNet deals at $395 a month. So these ASPs are pretty good. There are a couple of things that are floating around out there that could move significantly above that number, but those are not really forecast pipeline or anything like that. And the ability to think that we have runway on this is high. So we have been like the ducks swimming smoothly across the water, the feet are churning under the water, we've been moving really quickly here, integrating these things, developing new software, switching teams around, blending teams, a lot of things happening here. We're now moving into having a little bit of the luxury to begin to refine and to optimize. And I am really struck and we just finished a round of focus groups with renters, small landlords and large landlords, property management companies in Dallas, Los Angeles, and Washington. And I have to say when I compare what those folks were saying to us two or three years ago, when we were researching prior to our move into Apartments.com, when I compare that to what they're saying now, you would be giddy to hear what they were saying. Like they love, like we really have good products here. They like the people who have CMA, our CoStar Market Analytics, are giving us very good feedback on it. And then folks are giving us very good feedback on the Apartments.com site. Finders still is not a factor with them just because it hasn't had the new site launch. And hearing someone who has -- hearing a small apartment manager who has 20 units in Washington say that in the spring, his craigslist marketing stopped working for him, he wasn't getting leads. And so he started asking the Millennials in his community where they were looking for apartments and they all said Apartments.com, and so he's been looking at advertising there. We're really at the beginning. And when I look in all those focus groups and I see there's only two people in the randomly selected group that are CMA clients, CoStar Market Analytics clients, but they're all expressing the need for the same kind of product, I think we have a long, long, long runway. So as a CEO, I'm more frustrated by the fact that we have only reached 5% of the people we should reach. But I can't be unhappy with the results we've got so far. So definitely, definitely it's got legs for sure in my view. Is that optimistic? Okay.
Andy Florance: Yes, sure. So it's a good question and we say the core at some point in the next couple of quarters, we're going to probably have to redefine what the core is. Because ultimately the core will probably be defined as LoopNet information products, CoStar information products, LoopNet marketing products, and then CoStar advertising products being one set the way to look at Apartments. So you've got to break out the CoStar Market Analytics targeting multifamily maybe. Okay so the core probably will ultimately involve LoopNet and CoStar. Now there's no question about when we made this commitment a year and a half ago to go into Apartments.com and to really try to expand our addressable market by taking share in this relatively new area, we definitely gave up the ability to get two or three extra points in our core business while it took your sales leadership, your software leadership, everyone to try to grow the scope of the long-term opportunity. So as you can tell from this call, we're feeling that we've made very good progress in this and there are like a bunch of different ways to measure that we're now number one. And you can see the ability to grow margin in it as well. So I think probably one of our highest priorities in 2016 is to go back and to strengthen the relationship between the LoopNet information products and the integration to LoopNet information products and the CoStar Information products and use that integration to dramatically strengthen the quality of the product and be able to take what is today two very large audiences who are very committed, one audience is very committed to CoStar, one audience is very committed to LoopNet information, and bring their resources and their eyeballs and their content into one ecosystem rather than two. And then to also eliminate some of the unacceptable price irregularities in the LoopNet information business. So firms doing $150 million in revenue relying entirely on our information systems but only paying us a couple thousand bucks a year. So that will be a high priority for us, and I feel it will be a good venture. We'll be able to, I think we'll be able to get some additional margin improvement out of the LoopNet and the CoStar business together obviously very, very profitable now. And we'll be able to get some additional operating leverage there. But I think the more exciting thing is we'll be able to build higher quality products, better content, better customer satisfaction, and then we'll be able to monetize that by getting more consistent pricing between the two. Now that's a lot of work and we'll give you more color on it in Q2. And software wise, it will take us through the year. But we're working on that right now, and we're excited about it and very optimistic. So I would be surprised if, as we shifted some of our best resources, or balanced our resources back towards the core, you wouldn't see that number come up in the next year.
Andy Florance: Well, the $10 million was just bookings this year on CoStar Market Analytics to apartment-oriented businesses. So it was specifically just that CoStar Market Analytics piece. The bookings in the quarter were roughly $14 million for the core business alone just in the quarter not for three years, not for three quarters of the year. So it's probably yes, so that number would be much larger than that $10 million you're talking about. 
Andy Florance: No. It's a good question and we obviously watch that. We definitely observed the change of strategy on the part of their board when they put a new CEO in place. And you look back at their historical activity of, his historical activity of trying to migrate back end systems I believe from Autotrader into the front-end marketing systems. I think that's interesting, but I'm not sure the same parallel exists here, because the interaction between the property manager and the owner and the accounting systems and the variety of systems involved here and how heavy they are and how switching is so difficult. And you can look at RealPage, where they entered into MyNewPlace to try to get synergy between the back-end systems and the front-end systems. And I have a lot of respect for RealPage, but I would say, and they would probably agree with me, I'd say that MyNewPlace was decimated by that effort. So I don't see him executing the same strategy. The strategy that they've had year-to-date, I would say is really challenging because their Apartment Guide is where all the traffic is for them and all the customer goodwill is around Apartment Guide. Rent.com, I believe has much lower customer goodwill. I think somebody interested in URL names pushed the Rent.com moniker. The traffic is on Apartment Guide as well. So they've got to switch the customer loyalty from a well known and liked brand over many years to one that has been less liked by the industry and has less traffic. And again those numbers on unaided awareness so real and the traffic numbers of 3X on Apartments.com versus Rent.com are real. So I'd say they're going to have to think about some sort of reset. And I take them all very seriously. Good people, they're competent people; they're not going to just go to sleep and go away. But so far, I'm still waiting to see what the effect of strategy is, waiting with bated breath. But we're going to keep moving forward, and I would say there might be some evidence our strategy's working well. We're able to try to move to the next strategy and keep one pace ahead. But I do think they probably had a short-term reprieve. I guess you noticed their debt was downgraded the other day. That might have been the source of your question. And from that document you can try to put together the fact that they're not making the numbers they thought they would make this year. But I think they had a little bit of a reprieve because we were very motivated to move swiftly through the Finder integration and we weren't going to print books for another two years in order to keep 99.999% of the customers. They probably picked up a little bit of business from us doing that transition over three months. But that's not sustainable. That's a short-term event. And we've come through the integration much stronger with a much stronger sales force and very motivated. So I hope that answers your question. If not, circle back for another one.
Andy Florance: Sure. Well, looking at Tilla first, no, teasing. So again, one of our factors in looking at what companies we were more inclined to acquire, one of the factors was we wanted to make sure we acquired a company that did not have a legacy pricing momentum from their print origins. So we many, many years ago, CoStar produced print commercial real estate directories, back in the early 1990s. And one of the things I noticed was that as we switched from print to digital ads, we carried the price schedule right from print into electronic. But ultimately the truth is, you've got less direct costs associated with the ad, so prices can drift down a little bit. And so we did want to -- we felt that there was probably some downward pricing pressure in some players in the industry, so we felt very comfortable going with Apartments.com, which was middle lower part of the pack for pricing. And right now we're comfortable with that. We feel that the pricing is one that will allow us to grow volume and volume grows our digital data flows, and it grows a stronger customer experience. So we're less interested in trying to nickel-and-dime each property manager as a client into getting a you know the whole thing where you used to literally, people used to charge $25 extra a month to say pets were allowed on the ad. We're not doing that. We're trying to get more volume so we can get broader and broader participation, we build a stronger network, and we like the fact that we have the wind at our back on pricing and that others have a headwind on pricing. And then the other thing is that we're not just trying to make the money on an advertisement. We're making the money on selling both the pricing information and comparable information and the marketing solution. So we can go in there and have bigger contracts overall but much better pricing. And I just like having the best product and the lowest pricing while we're trying to grow share. And I think the industry has suffered from having these little 5% share fiefdoms. The renters and even the owners would like to have a real clearinghouse here, and that's what we're trying to build. Bill, did you come in there and disappear? Well, at this point, if anyone has any other additional questions, feel free to give us a buzz this afternoon. I'm sure we'll hear from you anyhow.
Andy Florance: Thank you for joining us for the call, and thank you, Brian, for joining us for the call. There was no crying. It was a very good call. And thank you very much. We look forward to updating you next quarter with a lot of exciting news. Thank you.
