Brian Radecki: Yeah. We are not giving our quarterly numbers but annualized. It's approximately $6 million and obviously it's only been operating 18 months, so that's been growing each quarter.
Brian Radecki: As we mentioned, the core acceleration is occurring in our traditional flagship products. So, close to our property professional. So it's basically reflecting economic recovery.
Brian Radecki: And Chris, I talked about that, I mean renewal rates can't continue to go up every single quarter. I do think that when you look at where we were in the 2005, 2006, 2007 we were always over 90% each quarter in the maxing out of the 93%, 94%. So, I think that the trailing 12 month is going to go up and I've said this pretty openly into high 80s, the closing the year in the high 80s and I believe we can get up into the 90s on the trialing 12 months into next year, which means you would quarters obviously continuing to post a 90 plus, between the 90% and 94%. But it will fluctuate a little bit in between quarters.
Brian Radecki: Yeah, I mean for the quarter basically what you do is you essentially $2.8 million and you multiply it by the 44% tax rate versus the 30% and also to tell you, excluding those two items that we are well above the range for both GAAP and non-GAAP. And then for the year, the trick there is that the tax rate really will still essentially be the same for the year. So that $2.8 million is really what's sort of reducing the annual guidance range because the tax rate is really only a fluctuation between quarters.  And of course, if you put $2.8 million and a 44% tax rate, you get more than the $0.02 we move the range and you get a lot more than that. Obviously, we are projecting some little upside on the revenue from what we originally projected. So we are sort of offsetting some of that. So again, I think the quarterly numbers are great, and I think that up in their revenue and then even the guidance range coming in where we are going to decide to take that sort of $2.8 million charges is very positive.
Brian Radecki: No, we haven't reduced any expenses and as I talked about in the annual guidance in the beginning of the year, we actually will be investing in Resolve and the DCF and some of the things that we have been talking about. There are fluctuations in between quarters, there is a lot of noise going on moving the building, so I talked little bit about some costs that are shifting from first quarter to second quarter, some from the second quarter to the third quarter, but in general if you take out all those one-time items, the cost structure is essentially sort of flat this year and now we are starting to grow revenues. So that's why you are seeing improved earnings. It's the simple business model that people are seeing from the company for years. And it's important to remember, the investment activities here are pretty significant. So, we've invested into building that sales force ahead of that market turn. We are investing in several different software initiatives. We scaled the research team to make sure we maintain super high quality in the middle of this downturn. We did not get the research organization which would have been an easy thing to do. We grew the research organization which resulted in that 97% renewal rate. And then the other thing we are doing here which I'm sure someone will come with a creative writing exercise to make it like negative.  But what we are doing on the real estate side is, in the United Kingdom I believe we've saved ourselves somewhere around $10 billion in real estate occupancy costs over a five year period by our research to Glasgow, consolidating several different offices together in London, and then by consolidating some operations into our headquarters building in Washington, while we are taking a hit for it now, ultimately it will be much more cost effective. In Boston, the consolidation of real estate is expensive these quarters, and it doesn't have a real big bang cost savings, but it's critical to operations as we bring together Resolve, CoStar and PPR in Boston. So, I think that we are over a 24 month period. We've got a number of good cost control initiatives that are playing out here. They certainly don't work in our favor this quarter.
Brian Radecki: I'll try and address that. I think you know we obviously just expanded into those, so sales are actually, as everybody knows, we take about two years researching it before we even have a product. So, we really have only been starting to sell in those markets for short period of time, and as Andy said, in some of the very small markets like a Lubbock, Texas or a Syracuse, we weren't going to fly people in for the very small account, but those large accounts we would. I would say we are still very early on and I would say a low 5%, it's not huge numbers for CoStar, so as profitability goes, I think we are actually, not exact numbers but I think that we are probably approaching sort of a breakeven point in those and we will probably hit that over the next year or so. So, I think that it's very positive and things are going well in those markets. As people can remember, going into some of these smaller markets. It's much easier to do the research; it's not complex as the larger markets. So the overall cost to do these markets on sort of a per building basis is a lot less than it would be sort of our large core markets. One of the things that strikes me, so remember, markets that are three or four years old are not exciting in profitability over a 20-year history. Markets that are seven, eight years old, nine years old are very exciting for profitability.  So you got an awful lot of markets in that young zone. What I would note is that as I look around all those different markets, I am pleasantly, I don't want to use the word surprised, but I will if I wanted a better word. I'm pleasantly surprised by the amount of revenue, little pockets of revenue coming from all these different markets that are again 300 some markets, and I am not shocked by any of them that you think there's nothing happening in here, like there is a lot happening in lot of these markets, but then rather remains for quite sometime that those 20 year old and 15 year old markets will be the big profit and revenue drivers in the business.
Brian Radecki: I mean I mentioned a little bit, but just everything overall is extremely positive and the health of the client base is just night and day compared to last year where clients are really looking to extend. They are making a payment every month, and of course as we go back to conference call scripts, you know, 80% plus of all the people we lost last year really just turned their lights out and shut the phones off into CoStar right before they left. So, really you know, and I sort of talked about that last year, I think once you serve, whoever was unhealthy in the client base was going to disappear and they pretty much did.  So I think I look at, you know, bad debt is down, DSOs continue to approve each quarter, our AR is below consensus 2007, we've added two companies and we've added a lot of revenue. So, much improved conditions obviously $11.5 million of cash flow, people are paying us again. They are not extending credit as much, it is very, very positive, and again that was just some other major change in the overall economy, you know it can go up forever like that, but I expect those numbers to basically continue at these types of levels, sort of moving forward which again is very positive for the business.
Brian Radecki: I mentioned that a little bit, it's really more just a transfer of costs between quarters. It's when the research training classes go. It's where we send out our ACS postcards. So, I think again kind back to my original guidance, I think it will come back up to those more normalized levels. Because of the size of research having 900 or 1,000 people, that number can fluctuate in the quarter, 500,000, 600,000 from quarter-to-quarter, but overall for the year, again, we are not making any significant reductions there. It will just be shifting across between quarters and when things happen.
Brian Radecki: Yeah, real quick, Jim, on the average contract value, it has been running in the $7,000 to $8,000, $9,000 range and it popped up. Last quarter we talked about the fact that the average contract value for PPR went up to just over 100,000. The prior two quarters we owned and it was around 50,000 in sort of this quarter. It went back down more to a normalized level. So, we just some couple of nice very positive good big contracts come in there.  We sold another $500,000 or so cross-sells that's still continuing to go well, but we are sort of back down to a more normalized level. The other thing that decreased just a little bit and I did talk about this on the last quarter. It's sort of like the renewal rates, you can't expect it to go up every quarter, a lot of it depends on the focus in the focus in that quarter of the sales force. As Andy mentioned, we sold over a hundred units of this new product which is a very low end product, and that we are starting to push and it is a subscription product on annual contracts.  So it is counted in that number. That probably reduced the average by about 1,000 or 1,500 in the quarter. So, these are numbers that are good numbers to keep tracking. There will be reasons why they go up and down each quarter, depending on the focus of the sales force. But you know all positive reasons why it's going up or going down.
Andrew Florance: I think Chris, if you look at it, again the suite of service property constant tenant that we sell was a major driver this quarter, with PPR also continuing to drive, but again PPR is 10% of the business and UK is 8% of the business. So, again the 80% of the growth is coming from the core platform which is very positive, all subscriptions annual subscription contracts so it's very good high quality revenue. 
Andrew Florance: I think it's definitely an impressive testament to the utility of the nature of the products, but we are very stringent on how to calculate that number. So, we've got a lot of clients who are small partnerships and if a partner passes away and the business is dissolved, that counts as a non-renewal or if someone retires or of someone goes bankrupt. So, there is only so high you can go unless your clients have life expectancy of say several hundred years. So, I think it maxes out that sort of historical level of 93%, 94%, and that 97% number, the five plus, is really quite phenomenal.
Andrew Florance: The Showcase platform is spilt into two pieces, so one piece is subscription-based service for Showcase to firms and then there is the monthly individuals that go on and off each month. We do not count the monthly individuals. The renewal rate is on the 94% of the business as subscription-based services that would include those firms on a annual contract for Showcase. It's not the 6% of the business which we don't consider subscription based or somebody who would be on a monthly tenant, half of that is not.  
Andrew Florance: The core driver of the strength of businesses are traditional CoStar properties, CoStar comps, CoStar tenant, these products are, you know just real solid utility staples in the industry and as our clients are seeing some release on some cash flow, we are enjoying that benefit. So it's really about the core of the business. 
Andrew Florance: It's not material, what is a 2%, it's just a fluctuation, if someone went to graduate school, somebody got married. We moved offices, so we didn't have a training class, so it's not really a material. In general, Chris, we expect that sales number to be sort of in that range and it's not, it's at this quarter and in the first quarter, you know, for the foreseeable future. We are not anticipating on that number going up or down by 50, it's going to stay pretty much in sort of that range. It's a good healthy number.
Andrew Florance: It's actually probably about 200 markets. And it's a decent size opportunity; it's tens of thousands of these very small firms across the country that we have not historically pursued as aggressively just because we've spent a lot of time flying field sales people out to Lubbock, Texas, and nothing against Lubbock, Texas. So, this is a way to do it, through telesales and keep our cost of sales low, and it's doing quite well. In the first month or so, you know, we sold well over a 100 units. This way I think we will be able to get some good traction here. 
Andrew Florance: And just one final note on that is that when you go back sort of 2007 time period we are dropping revenue from the top line and the bottom line very consistently quarter-over-quarter. What I would always tell people was, remember that whether the markets are profitable or not, we've already put the investment and we already have cost structure baked in our cost of revenue for those markets. So, each dollar that you put on the top line, if I sell $1 or a $1,000 to Lubbock, Texas, I'm paying out some commissions and those types of things, but I'm dropping 70%, 80% of it to the bottom line. So, from here on out, it's very positive every sale on those markets that we get. 
Andrew Florance: It historically occurred in the first three years with a really tough time. So, you had historically, you probably saw the economy slip. I think you were seeing in first year 20% drop rates, up to something like that. It had some noise and it fluctuated but the real danger zone was the first three years.  What we did is we increased the commission structure, but we only paid it out based on pro-rata usage of the product in the first 12 months. So the sales people, if they couldn't get the people using the product in the first 12 months, they didn't get paid the full commission or much commission. As a result, the sales people really got in there and implemented the price right up front and that made the renewal rates climb and the sales drop, so it was a big success. 
Andrew Florance: Yes. I think there have been some minor new products that are not mega-revenue drivers. They are repeat sales index which will start being distributed through PPR as an example of something that only could happen with the merger of CoStar and PPR, our data and Ruijue Peng's mathematical skills. So, that will be a example of a small incremental sort of thing, but what we are doing is we are focusing on utilizing our sales and increasing marketing infrastructure you try to reach more of PPR's potential and hit the cross-selling opportunity.  But we will probably be looking at a gestation period of a year or so, after which there is a significant product upgrade that we think will drive revenue in both, the CoStar and regional sort of local markets, as well as the PPR more institutional markets. So, I think we are going to put our head down and build what we think is a pretty good product, combining the strengths of both the companies, and realistically that's going to take a little bit of time and effort. We are not going to try to whip it out real quick, then do it right.
Andrew Florance: Yeah, I think that definitely happens. So, one of the things going into a recession, you have good clients who maybe buying 5 or 6 modules and they shave that down to 3 modules that they really, really need. I anticipate that as we get some recovery, people began adding back modules and people dint have multiple module start picking up modules, and we are in fact seeing anecdotal evidence of that. We are seeing people add additional seats, we are seeing people add additional geographies again. Now, the reality of our business is that it tends to be usually half cross-sell, half new business and it moves up a couple of points, it moves down a couple of points. So, it might move up a couple of points. I am still very focused especially these analytic products on just completely net new customers. I think there is a huge potential for completely net new customers over the next three years in these analytic products. I think that will be a big story. So I hope cross-selling goes up, net new customer acquisition goes up and that 50-50 fight will continue to I guess the upper end. And one other thing is, you mentioned that Showcase thing. You mentioned that Showcase thing, I think our sales team did a great job of ramping that up from zero to 10,000 in about two years. In the process, we probably didn't do a good job as we could have in recognizing those customers weren't just Showcase customers, they were property potential customers.  So, only one in seven of those individual Showcase customers are property information customers, leaving six out of seven as prospects for our broader information products. And so what I really want to try to focus the sales force on is going back and cross-selling that group on at the line. And that could double the revenue from that segment, and the head of our telesales group is really focusing on that now. So, I think you hit the nail on the head with that potential.
Andrew Florance: So the UK is relatively small part, I mean it's 10% of our business is, and their per unit pricing is lower over there. I think that I believe the big UK firms have now cycled renewals. So we've probably seen the reduction in headcount in subscriptions already and again the big difference in the UK and the US is the surveyors or brokers in the UK are on salaries. There is incentive for the firms to cut people. Here there are on commission.  There wasn't incentive for the firms to cut people. So I think that's happened. The other thing is that just sort of tactically or on a noise level, you've got two things going on, you get this sales force in UK all of a sudden going after Showcase, and the real story is they signed up a thousand for our first new international product, but that doesn't translate to net new subscribers. So, you know it's sort of a question of are you using the metrics to manage the business or are you matching the business to achieve the metrics, and metrics are a tool, they are not what we are trying to do here.  We are trying to grow the business. So I think this quarter with that I am glad they increased the, I am glad they launch the Showcase quite successfully over there. You know it didn't grow subscribers because they were cross-selling, and I understand tactically what our VP of Sales in the UK is doing, where he is trying to get the headcounts down as low as possible. So, as the UK firms begin to recover, he can charge them some incremental ads back again. So, the metrics you want to report positive metrics across the board everyday, but this time around, you get sort of the noise factor and I'm comfortable with it, and just to add a couple of pieces of other information on that, Ian, so what would I expect is that in the UK as we said, a lot of these and we did the very similar thing in the US, we're sort of going after our current clients. So, even if they are signing up for Showcase and they start paying us dollars, when are adding new paying subs.  So, what I think over the next few quarters, the more important metric that I would be looking at. I would be looking at all of them as we always do, but I think the important one will be the number of firms that we sort of, new firms and firms that we sign up in our site numbers, I would not expect to see significant paying sub numbers over the next few quarters, because again, essentially the one that were selling might already on a CoStar or some other sub type of CoStar service. So again, we will keep looking at those numbers. There are obviously important numbers, along with all the other ones to report, but I think that the focus the next few quarters will be less on that paying sub-number and more on like firms and sites.
Andrew Florance: Yes. And I would probably give you better color on that over the next two quarters as we narrow down the specifications a little tighter. This is what I perceive to be one of our mutli-decadal timeframe. I think it is going to be one of our biggest flagship products. Well, the potential for what we can do here I think is tremendous. I am very optimistic about it. I think it will have a huge positive impact for our customers. And it is an ambitious construction project will take a lot of efforts. It's not something that's going to happen in around two or three quarters, it will be four, five quarters. But we will keep you updated on it as we get more information. 
Andrew Florance: Jim, I think a lot of things happened this quarter that are going to challenge the analysts to get that. I'll let Brian try to answer that 
Andrew Florance: Yeah, I think we sort of always assume the normalized thing. Obviously, if you get something in that's large or big, you'd rather have that as sort of upside than sort of making assumptions for it and have it not come in. So, when you look at my guidance ranges, I mean obviously, people forget. It was literally only three quarters ago, revenue was dropping. So, I'm of course being cautious. So, I am assuming sort of average stuff and then if something comes in like that, its upside.
Andrew Florance: Well, with this we are going to go ahead and wrap up the second quarter earnings call and we appreciate you all joined us and we look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter and hope you join us and crossing your fingers that the economy continues to show strength. Thank you.
