Andy Florance: Sure. So from your perspective in terms of any impact in next two to three years, I think the impact is de minimus on our EBITDA expansion. So it might involve the addition of 20, 25 staff something like that for Madrid. But what we're doing is, it's a robust and significant market. There is, in our mind, no material competition. There is a huge opportunity. It's a trillion dollar economy. And the market needs information on what's happening in commercial real estate. The brokerage firms there don't have as big a presence as they do in other countries. I mean, they're there, but they're not as prevalent, don't have the same market penetration. So what we've seen is that the owners there are bigger drivers of what's happening in the market. And that's true in Germany as well. So we think there is a lot of potential to sell advertising to owners who take real pride in their properties and are more motivated to spend marketing dollars to try to bring in tenants. We will - we think it's also less expensive from a sales and marketing perspective, if we start with just generating - a marketplace, generate a lot of eyeballs that drives content. And then, as we watch the content grow and the buyers will see the marketplace grow over the course of a couple of years, we'll build up analytic histories that are quite valuable, and we'll build up those research relationships, and then, we'll migrate into a CoStar platform. So it's something that we'll - we're going to watch it here in Spain. And if it goes the way we want it to, we'll use that model in other markets. I think it makes sense, and - I think in the first three or four months - three months of Belbex, we got a 0.25 million visits to the sites. So actually, it's working well. We're getting some good traffic there so - and I also believe, we're now the #1 information source for - we're the best information for Madrid and that will be worth something at some point.
Andy Florance: Well, thank you for asking about our safe harbor statements first up because, as you noticed the Beatles references, Bill.
Andy Florance: Bookings effect. Yes, so probably more material in the fourth quarter, first, second, third quarter of next year.
Andy Florance: I'll take a shot at it. But I think it's nominal. I just checked with the CMO this morning and I think we pushed $1.3 million of marketing expenses over the quarter with CoStar [mill] at $2.7 million. So it's $1 million or $2 million pushed into the next quarter. So it's not that much.
Andy Florance: I think a big part of that 25% is basically people who are looking for more lead flow or pushing their ad priority up higher, so they're going from a gold ad up to a platinum ad or diamond ad. So that's something - that's - a nice thing about that business is people are constantly cycling up, looking for - the more ads we sell, the more firms that need higher lead flow, need to spend more to be more prominently featured on our site. So I think that's the single biggest driver of that. And I guess - and that could be related to some vacancy growth. And then the second part of the question is...
Andy Florance: Sure. So what's happening here is, for the - in the fall, for the first time, people will be able to - brokers, owners will be able to edit some of their information on our system directly. So if they want to change their rent, put a new suite on, they will do it directly. It's really going to be something that's available to known listers, people that we know who they are and we know that they're legitimate. As they do that, we think they'll be at the positive customer relationship benefit because very often they wanted to do like, make a simple quick change themselves, they don't want to have to have a conversation with the researcher. At the same time, focus group after focus group, lots of market research says that the industry really wants those researchers curating that data and being aware of what is being placed out there and making sure it accurately reflects and positions their properties to their prospective customers. So there will be a combined role there. We think it will allow us to accelerate the velocity of data through our system. It will be a little bit of a learning process because we're going to have to learn how we interact with those brokers. As we're doing some of the research, they're doing some of the input. But it creates the opportunity to reduce our research costs, accelerate our update frequencies and quality of our data. I think it - but I think the biggest impact will just be improved data and faster response times. And I think that's going to be a pretty positive thing. I think it will have more positive impact than we're prepared to talk about now because we just want to know more about any unknowns before we start counting the benefits real loudly.
Andy Florance: I am so excited to answer that question. I'm going to turn that over to Jon Coleman, our General Counsel.
Andy Florance: Yes, so it's still early, but we're basically executing on the business plan we had laid out prior to the acquisition of LandWatch, which is integrated in the two platforms, rationalizing where the staff is and how many folks we have. Our goal is to eventually flow all the content of all these various sites into a new URL that we own, land.com. But at this point, we think we're capturing about 57% of the search traffic on the Internet around that land in real land space of those companies that are actually engaged in that. So this gives a real strong market position. And again, it's two months in, but it's going well and going as expected. So it's an exciting beginning for us. In terms of the balance sheet and other M&A activity in potential, there - there remains an awful lot of opportunities out there. We are, at any given point, looking at a dozen companies and looking at potential combinations that will move our platforms forward, either giving us more scale in one of our core areas or a parallel area where we think we would be competitively advantaged because the assets we have in information, our sales force or software. So there is a lot out there, and it's good to have a strong balance sheet, so we can approach those opportunities and be constantly ready to move for the right acquisition. But we are cheap we're looking for good values.
Andy Florance: Well, thank you very much for joining us for the second quarter earnings call, and we look forward to updating you on our progress in the third quarter. And again, congratulations to the sales team on a fantastic acceleration in sales bookings and to our research management team for quadrupling the number of contacts with our customers year-to-date. Thank you.
