Cyndi Eakin: Thank you, Austin. Good evening and thank you all for joining us to discuss the second quarter 2022 results of the CoStar Group. Before I turn the call over to Andy Florance, CoStar's CEO and Founder; and Scott Wheeler, our CFO, I would like to review our Safe Harbor statement. Certain portions of the discussion today may contain forward-looking statements, including the Company's outlook and expectations for the third quarter and full year 2022 based on current beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements involve many risks, uncertainties, assumptions, estimates, and other factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. Important factors that can cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to those stated in CoStar Group's press release issued earlier today and in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, under the heading Risk Factors. All forward-looking statements are based on the information available to CoStar on the date of this call. CoStar assumes no obligation to update these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure of non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call, including EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP net income per dilute share and forward-looking non-GAAP guidance are also shown in detail in our press release issued today, along with the definitions for those terms. The press release is available on our website located at costargroup.com under Press Room. As a reminder, today's conference call is being webcast and the link is also available on our website under Investors. Please refer to today's press release on how to access the replay of this call. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to our Founder and CEO, Andy Florance.
Cyndi Eakin: Thank you, Scott. I would like to ask participants to keep one question and one part, please. I’ll turn it over to Austin, if you could please open up the line for questions.
Cyndi Eakin: Yes, I think it’s up slightly, but as you mentioned, it’s we’re really going to look to get that growth through the marketing and advertising campaign launch.
Scott Wheeler: Thank you, Andy. I love those brief remarks. I’m happy to report given on the call that I’m still retained with CoStar even after that script and I’m awake and listening. Part of the statistics interesting that five year retention on customers is 98%. And we have a retention rate of our employees 98% with an average tenure of five years. Is that art imitating life in CoStar? Is that what you would say? I know that’s fascinating anyway.
Scott Wheeler: No, I’ve been encouraged that even as the industry recovers and the vacancies start to move up slightly, our sales performance is recovering faster than the industry, which speaks to the strength of the platform. So, we definitely expect Apartments.com back up to that 20% that you alluded to, George. We haven’t given any guidance or outlook into 2023 yet, but when we do, we’ll be sure to let you know when that’s expected. Thanks for the question.
Scott Wheeler: Yeah. Hi Pete, thanks for the question. The revenue growth up to this point as the industry is still rebalancing a bit of where it place ads on the different levels that we offer is primarily the price movements that we've put in place this year. So price is running ahead of the percent that we're talking about. We're starting to see sequential volumes move up. So I'd expect those to start moving as we annual to the low to mid single digits. And I would expect our pricing to stay in that in high single digit range that we're seeing. When the vacancy rates move up a little higher, we then to start to see people moving up the ad stacks again as they need to create more leads for their vacancies. So I think it's when you add that positive mix shift on top of low-to-mid single digit volumes and mid single digits pricing and then you start to add sales people all those will add up then to get back to that 20% that George referenced a bit earlier. So we expect those trends to continue through the rest of year and then strong 2023.
Scott Wheeler: Yes, we were pretty much in line with where we were in the first quarter without spending any additional money on marketing.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. Hi, John. [Audio Dip] for the question. Yes, we had initially estimated the $200 million to $220 million level of spend as you appreciate that was early in the year. We had a strong ramp up in the second quarter in content, more aggressive, like I mentioned, than we actually were able to achieve in the [Audio Dip] which very positive sign. So my current estimate puts us in the – about $20 million below where we were originally about half of that is [Audio Dip]. A little bit of it’s from just sure I have enough cost in there for my longer-term estimates, given the uncertainty you start off the year with. And then the [Audio Dip] timing the ramp that some of that’ll push out of the year, given the amount of time left in the second half. So we still [Audio Dip] with half or a little less than half of that spend is going to be in content and probably about 45% of it’s in marketing, which might be a little higher than we thought at first given success of Citysnap and other doing and then the rest is technology and other costs. So we’ve probably got a [Audio Dip] of it in the second half and probably around 35 or a little more than that in the first half. That helps with the pacing.
Andy Florance: I apologize, unfortunately, it looks like our DC line is cracking out a little bit there. So Scott is not trying to avoid the answer. We will have a brand new telephone line for the next earnings call. But the and I had to come all the way to London to find a good line. But yeah, so I think one of the things that will really drive, like there is tons of penetration opportunity apartment still. We are definitely in the early days of that opportunity and we're adding sales people at a great clip and that will drive a new account business and new units for sure. And I think we'll be able to continue to get a price as people are advertising new construction and a like.
Andy Florance: I think that the sales results in the quarter sort of speak for themselves, we're having tremendous growth across LoopNet traffic growth, revenue growth apartments is having tremendous sales growth. So I think that we're getting good results. I mean, we're hearing all the concerns of doom and gloom that everyone else is talking about. But I have to say in our business, we simply are not seeing any of that. And we're watching for it, but it's not there. So we're continuing invest in the opportunity and getting great, good results.
Andy Florance: I think we probably are. I mean, obviously one of the biggest single budgets is our SCM budgets and it's a little difficult to, like, I think we've had a continuous progression of better and better efficiency, lower cost on our target keywords on SCM. It's tough to separate that continued gain efficiency from just the way we bid and the way we get brand recognition and our click-through rates. It's tough to separate that from less congestion competition. So we are continuing to get efficiency, but it's tough to suss out what component is less competition. I imagine going into 2023, we probably will see it like obviously and clearly.
Andy Florance: Well. As usual, we don’t comment anything specific. But I will say that I have been flying more in the last month than I’ve ever flown in my life. There’s – it’s an interesting time. I mean, we have a great balance sheet with a lot of cash. I think we’ve just turned in a really strong quarter. We’ve got strength in all of our businesses and I believe that we’re seeing valuations across half dozen, dozen interesting companies fall to become more and more attractive. So we think that your question is not terribly far off of a range of opportunities we have out in the world. But it’s just – it’s sort of obvious in the time we’re in a company like ours with a great balance sheet, super performance, a track record of M&A and following values both in the United States and Europe are interesting.
Andy Florance: Yes. So I think, I mean, again the wonderful thing it's 66 new customers, most of them in the last quarter – 40 some in the last quarter. Great pace we've got, I think, 12 to 14 dedicated sales reps on that right now. The addressable market is I'm going to do this from memory but it is approximately 6,000 to 7,000 lenders who have portfolios. Again we're selling to folks with very small portfolios and very large portfolios then watching the gross margin, these implementations, they look reasonably good. So we believe that the opportunity is well north of $300 million on this product. And it's a wonderful addition to our growth drivers because it's all – it's all new opportunity.
Andy Florance: Yes. So I think it's very similar because back in the day we've picked up an Apartments.com from Classified Ventures, a consortium of newspapers and we completely re-imagined and rebuilt the site over the course of 270 days or so. This one's a little bit bigger scale project but you set a strategy, you have a talented team from both software and field research and content building us up and you'll really see growth in traffic once you release the product. And then once you begin to invest in SCM and in brand marketing. So that's going to be the end of this year, beginning of next year. And so it's very similar, but I think you and I, and everybody are impatient to see that story unfold over the next couple years.
Andy Florance: I think the most exciting – well, obviously lender is very exciting, several hundred million of opportunity there. The owner sector remains very exciting to us because it's a huge market. It is a later stage penetration market and its penetration rates there probably a third quarter where the broker market penetration rates are. So that one is just the Goliath that just is we can keep on working for years. One of the ones that I alluded to briefly in my comments about real estate manager is the Top 2,000 tenants in the United States. Major corporation’s folks who often are buying real estate manager from us. They're an obvious potential market opportunity for us corporation with hundreds of facilities. It is a no brainer to have access to CoStar Group and a good broker. And then it depresses me a little bit when I look at the penetration rate for brokers, because having been very successful at selling this product for many, many years we still haven't penetrated all the broker opportunities out there. There's still hundreds of millions of potential penetration in brokers. So when you look at mid-size smaller brokers and even some not so midsize like upper midsize brokers, all the major guys do subscribe and rely on it, but there's penetration opportunity across the board and Scott and I were joking before the call someone's going to ask about, can we sustain the growth rates on CoStar? And it really is something where I've answered that question for decades from the point at which we had $7 million of revenue now. And one of the things I really look forward to is crossing through a billion in CoStar revenue and then talking to you guys about the story for $2 billion in CoStar revenue, and, oh, by the way, I'm talking to you from London and we are working hard on beginning and continue to carry CoStar out throughout Europe and other markets and I there's a super exciting opportunity. CoStar changes its whole meaning to a lot of compliance when it allows people to see investment opportunities and asset classes across borders. So that's a whole another driver. So my answer is yes, I'm very excited about growing CoStar. Huge numbers for a long, long time, and we're just beginning. Yes. Okay.
Andy Florance: Yes, it is. A company like ours must be disciplined and set our prices in real dollars, not nominal dollars. And so we are watching that closely with the sales force at renewals. And we're reminding people not just with the nominal dollar increases are what the real dollar realities are. So that's very important with Apartments, especially with Apartments where our clients are overwhelmingly doing incredibly well right now. So we have discipline on that, and you can see that in our results. On CoStar Suite, I think we're in a slightly different position. Yes, we are pushing our pricing to at least remain constant on a real dollar basis and a little bit more than that. And – but the real story there is this upselling activity we're in the middle of, where we're reaching out to these tens of thousands of customers who subscribe to a small piece of our product either in the modules they get or the geography they get, and we're upgrading them to our full all modules global suite because we want to see network effects grow across borders. And as I mentioned, we're seeing that happening. We're seeing tens of millions of searches across borders. So in CoStar Suite, it is tens of millions of properties being viewed across borders. In CoStar Suite, the more powerful driver is this upgrading, not price increasing. On LoopNet – on Ten-X, you don't have to move the pricing because in theory, it's a commission against the asset price and inflation in theory would move the asset price up. And Ten-X is more in a place of early days of penetration, it's like still 1% penetrating the opportunity. On LoopNet, we are focused on variable silver ad or base ad pricing, which will be a more powerful revenue driver than just price increases. So that's the initiative where we'll begin baiting it out in a couple of markets, pricing based on the market and on the asset value. So that will be a combination of lowering our prices for low-value assets in smaller markets to drive volume and revenue – overall revenue and increasing prices to recognize the value of the higher-end assets and bigger markets, that will dwarf surges inflation, pricing increases. So we're all over it. This is not our first rodeo. And the one thing I learned in my economics degree was the difference between real and nominal. I can't remember anything else, though.
Andy Florance: I think with that, we can wind it up. I want to congratulate Austin, our moderator, on her big news today. And thank you all for – which I'm not going to disclose. And I want to thank you all for joining us for the second quarter 2022 earnings call. And congratulations to all the sales leaders and product folks and developers who – and the research teams that basically put in tremendous effort, which delivered such a great quarter this year, and we look forward to this quarter. And we look forward to speaking with you again in the third quarter and giving you updates on all the various initiatives we've got going on. And we will get a new speaker phone in our Washington boardroom. I apologize for that. But thanks again for joining us.
