Scott Wheeler: Thanks, Pete. Good to hear from you. So yes, you noticed that we've been much more efficient this year on the residential investment spend. So I think that's good news. The other good news is it doesn't mean that all of that spending gets pushed into next year, because like I said, we have a lot more efficiency in the content generation, and we don't need to spend as much marketing for the traffic we're getting.  So we're not yet ready to give guidance on to the 2023 investment levels. We're working on those now. But we will keep you posted, and be confident that we are still on track to our 5-year numbers that we communicated previously on both the residential and the long-term growth and profitability of the business.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. Jeff, there was 1 other issue that I talked about briefly around the fees for the subscriptions on some of the home Pro access that triggered the $16 million write-off I mentioned. That comes out of the sales numbers. If we had not done that strategic decision, our sales would have been over $80 million for the quarter. And any other variation relative to the second quarter is really just normal quarterly fluctuation amongst the other businesses.  But really the standout, as we pointed out, was that apartments for really the first time had a third quarter that was stronger than the second, which is a great testament to both the sales team and the momentum we're seeing back in the apartments advertising space. When we acquired Apartments.com, third quarter used to be no growth and fourth quarter used to be a decline. So it's great to see it same records in the third quarter.
Scott Wheeler: Sure, Stephen. Thanks for the question. We're sort of giving any guidance, of course, at this stage for the next year. But you clearly noticed the trends in growth for multifamily have gone from a trough of 6% year-over-year, up to 11%. Now we expect it to be 16%. And based on the strength of this last quarter's sales, then we would expect that to continue north. We've always talked about getting back to those 20% growth rates in multifamily delivered a few years ago. And the way we think of it now is that we have certainly price moving north as the number of leads we produce in the platform have dropped the price per lead for our customers. So those are resonating well.  We're starting to see volumes come back into the platform, which we believe can deliver a good mid- to upper single-digit growth range for the business. And then like I mentioned, we're starting to see upgrades, outpace downgrades, which prior to the pandemic, that impact was typically in the 8% to 10% range a quarter.  So I think we have 3 really strong levers each to have capability of delivering high single-digit growth rates. I can't call which of that mix is going to happen in which quarter next year, but I think that's the measures we're looking at. And as Andy mentioned, our goal of doubling that sales force to get us to penetrate the other half of the large-scale market we haven't reached, and the vast majority of the mid-market that we haven't reached, there seems to be a great platform for us to extend into the market.  So hopefully, that color gives you a little sense of the progression we'll see next year and into the future..
Scott Wheeler: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Mayank. Yes, I did mention that a little over half of our growth is coming from new customers, and it's -- as we've added so many good platforms with hospitality and with lender and now the fund information that's coming out, CMBS data, it's a broad customer set that our sellers are having a lot of success in. So new customers are a strong part of our growth.  As you know, we are continuing to move more and more of our customer base onto the global CoStar platform that provides all the data and the product capabilities. That continues, and that's still providing a few basis points of growth or a few percentage points of growth across the platform, which is really, I consider a strong mix increase of around 3% to 4%. And then the remaining parts of those growth are split between increases in our renewals year-over-year, as well as existing customers then expanding their licenses or expanding their user numbers on the platform.  So those are the -- if you look at the top 4 areas that are driving the CoStar growth, you see those rise to the top in this quarter. It may shift a bit from quarter-to-quarter, but I think that gives us a strong platform to continue that size of growth going forward.
Scott Wheeler: George, this is Scott. Thanks for the question. And just to clarify, in our long-term guidance, we gave the 5-year outlook, it did not include any M&A. Those are all organic numbers and any M&A would either supplant organic or be on top of organic in those outlooks. So hopefully that will clarify at least the assumptions we had in that outlook. And then Andy, do you want to take the...
Scott Wheeler: Yes. If you look at the increases on the upgrades that we've done so far, the average upgrade has been about 20% to 25% of the price being paid prior to the upgrade. So that's really good value accretion. But keep in mind, this isn't a significant number of our overall subscribers on CoStar. So the effect of the total growth rate is only 200 to 300 basis points or so.
Andrew Florance: Sure. So I believe that we are on target, on plan for growing that traffic and are comfortable with the sort of $25 million, $50 million traffic levels we had laid out, unique visitor levels we have laid out. And yesterday, I was looking at a traffic chart that compared Apartments.com and Homes.com in the first 18 months after we began rebuilding them, and they matched perfectly. So the growth we're seeing right now is on target, but it's still early days. We just did a major switch over about a month ago. And we're seeing Google crawl the site at a great rate, which is good to see.  But it's a marathon, not a sprint, not a 5k, not a 10k, it's a marathon. And we just continue to layer -- bring layer and layer in to try to grow that traffic on SEO functionality, referrals and the like. I am encouraged by the fact that we are seeing the average number of visits to visitor go up significantly. That's telling me that people coming to the site are like in the experience, the fact that we have a fast performing site, the fact that we're actually showing who actually has the listing. That's uncluttered and it's clean.  Now we are not going to -- we're really focusing on the content, the quality of the experience and SEO. At this point, we are investing in SEM, but we're not investing aggressively in SEM. We're also not investing aggressively in consumer marketing. We are going to begin to ratchet up those levers once we are satisfied that we will have the optimal ROI for that investment based on the number of the sets of functionality we've delivered, the effectiveness of the SEO, the site performance.  So that will likely begin to ramp up going into '23. But we're on target for where we expect to be. And I look forward to another one of our incremental releases on the product coming out later this week.
Andrew Florance: Yes. Yes, I'll take that. Back in the heart of the last crisis, Ten-X peaked out, I believe it was between $100 million and $110 million of revenue, all of which was on distressed properties. And so you can clearly see there's significant potential. Whereas today, we are only between 15% and 20% of our revenue in Ten-X is coming from distressed. So it gives you some sense of based on your numbers of $70 million, take that distressed and then consider we could get to those historic levels, depending on the size of this downturn, then there's a big wave of opportunity there on the distressed from the historical revenue side.  And remember that the '08 distress didn't show up, the dislocation I didn't show up until '14 in full force. And that was really residential, not commercial. And so commercial like you could see comparable levels of the stress. I do believe that this time around, Ten-X is a much stronger product. The product is now integrated with LoopNet and CoStar. It is much more automated. The sales force is approaching twice the size of the sales force that they had at the last cycle, and it's very scalable.  So 2 things could happen together over the -- like just before I say that, we are building Ten-X to be a performing asset product so that, that has a core foundation of performing sales going forward. But there's no denying that it does really well in distressed environments. So you'll eventually see an end to the buyer/seller expectation disconnect, and they'll connect, you'll see trade rates go back up, and you could see distressed levels quadruple over the next 2 or 3 years. And that would just -- I think Scott's alluded to it, that could get you, I believe, well above the peak of the last cycle.
Andrew Florance: Yes. So we obviously have a great balance sheet now approaching $5 billion in cash on the balance sheet and continue to be strongly cash flow positive. So our primary new initiative is residential. So we are looking at all the opportunities out there in the residential space. And right now, we're in an environment where things are shifting very rapidly to a buyer's favor. And the question is, how rapidly and when is the right time to move on certain things. So we're very active in looking for M&A opportunities, but we're also monitoring market conditions and want to get the best results for the shareholders moving at the right time. Not being too greedy, but trying to observe a rapidly shifting environment right now to our favor.
Andrew Florance: Can you repeat that first part of the question? You're looking at -- we lost the first part of the question there.
Andrew Florance: Yes. So at this point, at this point, we are not seeing any of our customers in materially diminished health. Obviously, individual owners of properties may be experiencing levels of distress with high vacancy rates or disadvantageous refinancing on properties that may have been pro forma at lower interest rates. But those individual owner situations don't tend to impact us. Even if somebody is having refinancing difficulties, they may -- they would still want to keep those properties filled. They would still want to understand what's happening in the markets.  So at this point, we are not seeing anything negative on sales cycle or any real significant customer distress. And we continue to operate in an environment where we would expect that -- I expect and believe that as you did see end market distress, you have offsetting countercyclical factors that also kick in.
Andrew Florance: Yes. And the answer to the second part of the question is we would consider either both or neither. So we're comfortable acquiring and integrating unique content that helps build a more vibrant residential product. We are also experienced with and comfortable with acquiring traffic. And if we can't find the right company at the right price, we could achieve our goals organically. I think it's more likely than not, however, that there will be a number of opportunities over the next 5 years. It would be really hard to believe that there are not. And I am spending probably 20%, 25% of my time right now engaging in those opportunities. The price is too high.
Andrew Florance: Yes. So the feedback has been very positive. We track Net Promoter Score, so we survey our clients extensively after any sort of interaction with them to understand how they're reacting to our products and services. We have seen a significant uplift in Net Promoter Score as people go from the local CoStar or the 1 or 2 modules of CoStar to go into the global suite.  And so that's really nice when you're out there achieving significant price uplifts and end up with a happier customer would, I believe, more likely to renew after you have gotten a price uplift. And it's sort of common sense because if you're just buying one of our modules for given cities, say, comps or just property, when you buy multiple modules and; multiple cities, it becomes a dramatically more powerful product with a lot more to offer the customer.  And at the end of the day, the price for our products, while they're not cheap, are not the primary factor. Most successful commercial real estate players can afford the product, and it's a very small percentage of their expense structure. So what they're much more interesting is the functionality and what it does for them. And so we're getting a very positive reaction from folks as they upgrade, and I think it will show higher renewal rates over time. And it definitely is lifting the ASP. Scott probably has some specific data on that.
Andrew Florance: Well, thank you very much, Bailey. I would like to thank everyone for joining us for our third quarter 2022 earnings call, and we look forward to speaking with you again in our year-end call on February 21, 2023, which will be our 98th consecutive earnings call with me having the honor being at the helm. And you can imagine, we're going to make a big deal about our 100th earnings call. But until then, stay safe, and thank you very much for participating.
