Andy Florance: I would say that we got the pedal down pretty firmly. We're well over $200 million some million there on that. We're not increasing it, we're easing it off a little bit. But we're still there at a very aggressive pace. So with a little bit of net new investment into Ten-X and LoopNet. But we think we need to balance those investments across the whole portfolio and we think the ROI in LoopNet and Ten-X will be more impactful over the next two to three years in a similar investment Apartments.com. That's not to say anything negative about Apartments.com but we've had the pedal down pretty hard there for a while.
Andy Florance: Sure. So other than that $6.9 billion or $7 billion deal up here. There actually are other things out there that we are engaged with and developing. We have definitely - and so that is not the only thing occurring - there are things occurring. They all have a similar theme right now for us. They're all going - supporting the kinds of directions you're already familiar with, they're just strategic building blocks on the same theme. The valuations I would say that I have certainly seen a couple of deals going by at valuations that left me very, very comfortable not to participate. I took my hat off this [indiscernible] and said, wow, good work that's a heck of valuation. But there are couple things recently and usually my scepticism on some of the valuations I've seen in some places recently are around the total addressable market relative to the valuation. So maybe performing well in their context or in their field. But their field is relatively small, it doesn't have a long-term growth. There's [indiscernible] frothiness out there but there are also some real value place out there that we're focused on.
Andy Florance: Yes so, we're not - but we've obviously been thinking about this and building that strategy and we believe there is a pathway to build organic traffic very cost effectively. We're not in a position to share our thinking on some of that right now for competitive reasons. I think that these things building traffic does not happen overnight. I mean these things you build this up through time. We obviously know how to build up traffic through time, we've done that. Anytime we enter into a new space and try to build traffic there's generally scepticism that you can build traffic in that space through time and we've proven we can do that. And in particular, we entered the apartment space seven years after Zillow had made a significant priority and we ultimately were clearly more successful in doing that. I think one of the important considerations as you build a marketplace or build a traffic on a marketplace is what if your revenue model and how strong is that revenue model and will that revenue model fund investments to continue growing traffic or is your revenue model actually drag on your ability to grow traffic? And I think we see those conditions existing in the home sell market. Definitely Homesnap is a useful component in this and there's one or two other useful components that we're looking at. There's no guarantees on any of these things but we're pretty excited to get working on it and we have a pretty clear view as to where we think we can take it and how we can get it. And I'm sorry, I can't give you more detail and stuff. But I want to have success in telling you about it. We'll make it less likely.
Andy Florance: I really appreciate that question. I really do. So we have just I mean it is really early, early days on these higher tier ads. So we've been very successful with that standard ad placement. In fact in some markets we have too much penetration. In Southern Florida, we might be 87% penetrated which I think is too high. But I think we're less than 1% penetrated in these higher tier ads and that's because we've just begun to really focus on bring them out as you remember. We acquired LoopNet. We separate out the information site from LoopNet, upselling to CoStar and then began developing more fully potentially LoopNet marketplace. We began aggressively bringing the Apartments.com style tiered advertising levels into LoopNet, last year was the first time we began doing this. So this is really the first year of doing that properly and aggressively and you have I think there's - if we have 1,000 or 75,000 we're keeping an eye on. But you have two components moving. One is, penetration into which properties want to move up that prominence level of LoopNet and the other is, what people are willing to pay for that top position and both those items are moving. So it's sustainable for a decade or more, I feel comfortably that we could sustain this for a long, long time.
Andy Florance: Sure. So I'm going to be giving you, these are not precise numbers. I'm just going to give you numbers that are an educated guesstimate in order to give you a feel. I believe probably 15%, 20% of that customer base is not on the full Suite. And I think that typically it is a doubling as they go into the full Suite. And anytime you do something later, that's when it's time for us to do this and I think it's an opportunity that on reflection maybe we should have done it last year. But now as we bring in the CMBS and the international and the STR and we think we have another three or four innovations coming into and they're equally powerful. As we keep doing this, we need to - it's time to leave behind these partial solutions. This just doesn't represent our brand well - it actually saves us money to stop supporting these lesser modules. So I think it's in the tens of millions of potential revenues comfortably. And I think, more importantly, I think when it's done. I think the customer is happier. I think they appreciate a much more powerful product and they just - [indiscernible] don't know what they don't have.
Andy Florance: Okay, so starting with the second question first. We have not assumed any pickup and distressed, that maybe possible that will happen. Especially as a return to normalcy some folks will at that point calculate, it just doesn't work anymore - their property income sheet doesn't work anymore, their LTV doesn't work anymore. So I think there could be but it's not in our forecast. We actually are - so we closed that in June.
Andy Florance: So it hasn't been long. So we really jumped into this with both feet and we're really just on the demand side because that's the first component you got to build. And it's really a bit early to really expect any movement on the supply side because we're just now beginning to turn in results. I was wandering through my neighbour the other day I saw two guys drinking a lot of beers and chipping golf balls in their front lawn. I stopped and say hello to them. We chatted a little bit. [Indiscernible] had just bought four multi-family properties to Ten-X that he didn't expect to sell and he was really kind of blown away, they sold with the number of bidders. I love the fact that a neighbour was surprised with how many bidders we had. I think actually he was visiting a neighbour. So that story gets around. He's going to tell people. He's with a big brokerage firm that will get around. But some of the - that's slower. That's what we're making in marketing in 2021 I think absolutely will drive the supply side. So the broad media campaigns about the value, don't auction it. Ten-X it. Don't sell it. Ten-X it. That will reach a lot of the supply side. Our performance numbers that we can use as sales demonstrations are fantastic and those will be very compelling. Also the gamification of the product where we hope to bring in hundreds of thousands of players on the supply side and educate them in the platform while they're having fun and winning some prizes. I think that will drive the supply side. We're educating Lisa Ruggles massive team in Richmond, Virginia to educate the people. They talk to all the time when they first bring a property to market and they're going to educate them about the opportunities on Ten-X that should drive the supply side and then as we grow the number of sales people that will grow the supply side. So I hope that by the end of 2021, we can report really good progress on both the number of bidders showing up to each property and the number of total properties going to market and the trade rate and if those things are all coming together, there is the potential for a very significant network effect and that's because the results you get from aggregating a huge community to buyers on an online marketplace is in almost all cases vastly superior to an offline anecdotal email blast kind of non-scale marketplace. So I like where it's going. I hope we can share real progress on the supply side and demand side next year and that's what we're working towards. But I'm really pleased with what we've done since just the July close. So and I think the Head of Ten-X is on his way over here after the call to work on some more stuff with us. So anyhow. I think that is probably the last question we had.
Andy Florance: And so I think we can wrap up the call and we certainly Scott, Bill and I certainly appreciate you joining us for this fourth quarter year-end earnings call and we look forward to updating you on more interesting developments in earnings calls in the near future and I apologize for our robustness today. There are few more extra things going on.
