Scott Wheeler: All right. Okay, Brett. Let me walk through that one more time so the financial perspectives around this thing. So, definitely we did the initial investment in marketing in 2015, $100 million. We had a report out that said that, the marketplace is $2 billion in size. And then, as you know, we worked through the large end of that marketplace. We've seen the opportunity in the mid-market, we've seen how the opportunity in the I/O large-scale market. And we know that, that estimate is now growing to between $8 billion to $10 billion opportunity. So, we think the $100 million to go after $2 billion, was a great move. We think the $100 million to go after the next $8 billion is an even better move. So, that was one important note. The other that -- the time when we made that investment, the total company multifamily was not nearly as bigger and stronger as we are now. So, we had $130 million marketing spend and that was 80% of the revenue. Clearly, we've grown that now to be almost $500 million in revenue and saw an incremental $100 million in spent against that fast-growing business. There's much lesser portion of the business, much less of a bigger bet. The other thing I think is important to notice is that, that we've now grown salesforce much bigger than it was before and produces a very high level. The site traffic has grown significantly. The amount of data we have, the amount of electronic feeds, all the strength of that site their to leverage into this next size of the market that will make that $100 million even much more effective they are like softening up the beach head before the troops all go in on the attack. And then I think when you look at just the ability the company now when we're growing as rapidly at $1.4 billion in revenue, we had couple of hundred million of revenue in year at our current growth rates. We've added over $110 million, $115 million in costs this year. So, adding investment in costs are just -- they are going to be bigger numbers, they scare people a bit, because they're big, but when you look at the relative size of the company, these are the best we should be making to keep increasing the scale and the growth on the topline. So, that's what I probably comment on. And let Andy add little more.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. Thanks, Mayank. It's always a tricky spot and we're in the third quarter. We don't have our specific guidance ready to forecast or budget prepared for 2020. I alluded in my comments to continuing growth next year like we've seen this year, which certainly what we've been planning for and investing for. And we expect certainly with the increased investments in marketing to help underpin that. What we more look out was, we gave that 5-year outlook previously, and obviously, when you make a new marketing investment, you want to be sure that the business one can absorb it, make it invested effectively, and then the outcomes of that will get us more assurance that we'll hit those goals. And I think as we work through that exercise, you could see just by the scale of the business were now you can invest $100 million and you may take a bit of a margin drag on that. But with the size and the speed of our growth, you could recover that margin drag within a year and then go back on top of it quickly in the second year out. Now these are all financial models. They're not plans or budgets yet. So I don't want to get out ahead of ourselves on what that means. But we certainly expect that these investments will continue the growth rates where we are and we want them to move us forward into the mid-later part of next year and really see the benefits of them into 2021. And so we have to invest now to get that to happen. Hopefully, that helps, give you some direction on how we think about it.
Scott Wheeler: Yeah. Sure. The delay of the adoption certainly gives you a little bit of a trough now as people may back-off a bit. We think that will -- they will tick back-up next year when more of the requirements come in. The effect of that now is we believe we're losing that implementation revenue that the one-time that is going backwards. But it's nice to see the subscription piece still growing over 40%. So, we expect that will all moderate out in to the 15% to 20% growth range over time. And then, it's really the future growth for that business will be less dependent on the accounting teams, and what they do and more around how we integrate it with CoStar, and we provide more services and tools for their clients to use the rest of CoStar in managing their real estate portfolios. And that should fuel the growth of Real Estate Manager much longer and more effectively than the near-term effects of the accounting teams.
Andy Florance: Yeah. And Brett it -- it sort of, I express concern from the 2014 period where -- well, we have continuously invest -- increases these investments in marketing. One of the things that is unique about this industry is we are one of the only aggregators out there investing any material money into the industry. So, this is not something where we are doing it in a zero-sum game trying to keep-up with some other competitor. What we're doing is we're seeing that when people are aware of our products and services, they are tending to buy them and renew at a higher rate. And with an unaided awareness in the 20s to low 30s, there's still a lot of people who are not aware of the product and we want to make more people aware of the products and services that we can sell to more people. We also foresee this strategic advantage of investing ahead of the pack. We want to be -- we are confident and believe that we will be turning through a $1 billion revenue mark on Apartments at some point going beyond there. We want to be investing into that size of company not into what the industry was doing a couple of years ago. So, this is really driven by the fact that we now have much better numbers, metrics, ROI, analysis, SEM analysis. We have a good handle of what we can sell and who we can sell it to at what price points. And we just want to go capture the opportunity. It's a relatively small investment compared to what we think the upside game is. Some people think that there's a big opportunity in the Apartment sector. That would be one of us. And some people think there's not a big opportunity for apartment sector. But we believe there's a big one, so we're investing there. We're not being driven by an escalating tit for tat with a bunch of head-to-head competitors. We're not in a beer business or the car business or the insurance business, we're all alone in a multi-trillion dollar asset class. So we're pretty excited about, we think it's good.
Andy Florance: Yes, it is. So I've had the good fortune to spend a couple of decades in the industry, and I was there back in a completely offline side then you see it move into unsophisticated online where there was an area where online marketing commercial real estate meant that you save $0.55 on a staff when you send your flyers, a PDF to the brokers and staff. But really what's happened is we could see as clear as day is you look at the traffic coming into LoopNet, LoopNet's got 80 some percent share of the folks looking for commercial property coming through. And we through reverse IPs and through Google analytics, we can get an idea of who these folks are and they're pretty much the Fortune 100, they're Walmart, they're Amazon, it's McDonald's, that's all the major tenants, it’s the big law firms just like people are using the Internet and everything from dating to buying a house, to buying a car, buying insurance. Everything they do, people are looking for commercial real estate. And they should not -- Facebook is a client of ours, it should not surprise anybody that Facebook goes on the Internet to look for commercial space, right? But it does surprise the industry, because the industry is trying to figure out is locked into a historical marketing mindset of you can't market to end users. There’s just too many of them. And it's just not possible in traditional methods to do it. But the whole digital folks searching out on the Internet rather than you going out and try to market to them, they come to you, and we’re producing the tools where the owners could be visible when they come looking for them. So I'm very bullish on it. I think it is just an identifiable mathematical certainty that it's occurring, but -- and so we're going to push that and we’re going to create awareness with folks how it’s happening. And I think it’s pretty interesting opportunity, because the broker, broker models pretty good at the 30,000 foot, 50,000 foot size, but it doesn't work so well when you get below 10,000 feet, and that's where the majority of transactions are. So we're going to push on it. We're going to see, I believe, we'll see success in it, and I'm pretty excited about it. But it doesn't happen overnight. We're rebuilding LoopNet. We can see it when you go look at the site, you can look at some office buildings for lease and at certain stage, you'll see that we're no longer presenting the data like to simply Craigslist where you're just presenting raw data. We're now paying attention to how the buildings are branded online and the image they present, and the image of the architect, the image of the owner, the image of the brokers. And so we're not just presenting them. We're controlling the kind of frequency they get by controlling where they sort, the size of placard, we’re controlling the branding, the reach. And so I think we're producing what will be the most powerful marketing tools the industry has ever seen, and I think it’s going to be exciting revenue opportunity. And it’s pretty much I think about it half a day.
Andy Florance: Yes. So the -- again the way LoopNet was historically marketed. It was geared to brokers just because LoopNet one of the standalone company had no Research Department and needed to get content via the broker ads. So they would sell buckets of ads to brokers at super low prices. Brokers have a relatively small economic interest in the transactions. They typically -- the LoopNet as were purchased by broker who was pooling 1.5% of the economics themselves. And unlike in honor, the actual price achieved and the sale or a lease transaction isn't nearly as leverage for the broker as it is for the owner. So brokers have small budgets. Remember when we first picked up LoopNet part of the average ad price was $6 a building. We are now seeing owners who have 95% of deal economics, and who are willing to pay the sort of the top have walked -- videos of walked in building, want to pay for drone videos, willing to pay for larger placards. Those folks are willing to pay price points at 5,000, 6,000. Remember, we were selling ads to owners and print were up to 12,000 up to 50,000 a building. So we're just – we’re migrating and it's not something we're doing in conflict with the brokers. The brokers like what we're doing because the brokers get promoted since they're the ones representing this building. So the owners paying to promote their building get broader reach for the building and frequency in exposure and branding and that also carries that list brokers too. So it's sort of fun when you can be raising prices by shifting to a different segment with a different value proposition for what you're producing and not alienating anybody. So that's what we're doing. In terms of the TAM, we haven't really recalculated that but we're at – we are under 200 million now on that. We were roughly about 160 million and the last calculated on this was between 2 billion and 2.5 billion -- top of the envelope version. So we haven’t updated that lightly, but as we get further into the selling and we see the take rates and the full sales force behind the products that we launched over this next few months, we will probably be able to update that as we get into the – mid part of next year. And that's just looking at the marketing side of it. There's -- there are a number of things we perceive industry we find valuable, like reducing their workload in sub 2,000-foot leases. So we're comfortable that it's a pretty big TAM, and that we have a lead on it.
Andy Florance: Yes. There's a certain amount -- George that we'll spend each year. You know outside of marketing, it's natural to the business. Heads we've added this year. Salary increases those things. They'll go into next year, but they won't go as fast as these increases in marketing. So our forecast now looks at around 36% margin at the midpoint for 2019. So if you take into account extra $100 million in marketing and then the rest of those costs will say personal cost and related nearly will grow nearly as fast. And so that will provide a bit of an offset. So in the end of the day we'd expect to have about that 400 basis point drop off the 36 as a rough guide. Now obviously, they'll be some variety around that when we get into specific planning and we'll share that in February. But that's really where we are. We don't see there needs to be a bunch of cost cuts out there. It's more of – it’s managing after we've done a nice bit of investing this year, our cost base into next year.
Andy Florance: That's a really good question, and that is right on target. It's something I think a lot about. And I sort of have a simple answer, which is, we're not targeting the I/O strategy. We are -- we can look -- we're targeting general awareness. We're targeting making sure that we're capturing increasing percentage in share of the renters hitting Internet, regardless whether they go to institutional property or to a low-end property. That creates value and it's hard to – and it's really not that easy to mess up on that. We have an experienced strong team on handling our SCM on Apartments. We have a good sense of what the good keywords are, good neighborhoods and the like. So, that one is a pretty safe investment. That's driving demand to our clients. Secondarily, we are -- we've broken open on this middle market opportunity. So we have gotten great penetration of the larger sized properties, really good institution at 100 unit plus to 200 unit plus, but we are selling 10,000 plus ads in an area that folks never really knew existed, which is the five units to 100 unit community. So, we are just trying to create general awareness for the person that's got a 30 unit apartment building, and softening the road for the hundreds of folks we got in the apartment sales force, selling exactly the same thing we've been selling successfully. So, it's just creating awareness in the same way for the same folks. Now as a derivative of that, it has a side benefit of supporting our I/O effort, because as they become aware of the site, you see that pickup rate where someone puts an apartment -- onto Apartments.com for lease. They select the renter tools. At this early stage, we're seeing 36% opt-in. So, just awareness -- general awareness of the site will support the I/O initiative. And when we run focused groups, we're getting positive feedback from both the renter and the small owner on what we're offering. We're getting extremely positive feedback from the renter. And so, our primary concern is just to make sure that we have a large pool of owners opting into the tools so that the renters can take advantage of them. So we're thinking a lot about it. A lot of it is very basic blocking and tackling, blocking and tackling of low risk and then what we're doing is we're fine tuning the messaging, creating awareness amongst the 300,000 folks with apartment buildings that we haven’t sold too, and we hope to sell to over the next couple of years. So lot of money.
Andy Florance: Sure. So, I mean, it's an important question. We are obviously, in a very mature cycle. I went through the market economics for CRE right now and they -- when you say they can’t get better, they get better. And then they get better. So we're not seeing any weakness in the CRE industry however, just common senses says that we’re not at the end of cycles. So, we -- one of the things I do like is that if you look at the CoStar information revenue stream, it is -- a lot of that revenue is now coming from banks and major owners. And when you go into a cycle, banks stepped up. They're buying typically. They don't reduce it. So, that is a stabilizing influence. And we are -- we continue having gone through 2008. We continue to discourage salespeople putting a lot of energy into plant, water and companies, and moving companies, and other companies that evaporate in the cycle. And we put effort into major owners, banks, investors, who tend to have more demand in the cycle. Now, we operated Showcase and we can observe LoopNet in a cycle. And there's a little bit of counter cyclicality there, where when you've got $150 million, but that looses a tenant, you're willing to spend thousands a month to try to replace that vacancy. And what we hear from people who have operated the apartment business through cycles is that, this is actually the worst cycle to be in, right. These are so low and, well, they can increase people's budgets, go up for marketing apartments. That makes sense. You do in a cycle get complete bankruptcies. But then, that's quickly followed by someone picking up the asset with an unlimited marketing budget, which is a wonderful thing to see. The STR revenue, we believe is very resilient. The renewal rates there are shockingly high. So we think there's some resilience there. And it's a basic operating metric being used by the hotels between their -- from their sales manager, general manager to the flags, brands and investors. It's something that is a utility. And it's not something that they have the optionality to shut off in a down cycle, even if -- unless they just simply don't exist anymore. So, we've done well in past cycles. We don't -- I think, we drop -- CoStar's sales drop 3% in 2008, which is remarkable, given the scope of it. And I think we're pretty diversified and pretty resilient when the next one comes. And there's the offsetting thought, which is, when you go into a cycle, it's a wonderful time to buy really good companies at a big discount, which we really look forward to.
Andy Florance: Sterling, it's -- the primary driver is not an upcoming sense of a cycle. Though that is true, you'd want to have greater awareness and broader share. It's more the first thing you said, which is, it's an open field. There is a clear massive transition from offline to online for the apartment industry. We're the leader and each time we gain more information about what the market looks like, we think it's bigger than we anticipated and we want to -- you use the word get disproportionate share, we don't believe in the word disproportionate share. We believe in the word a lot of share and nothing's disproportionate. We're just going to get a lot of share, and that we just think it's the -- relatively speaking it is a period or a time in the evolution of the industry where you can buy at the cheapest price you can possibly buy it. Just because no one's bidding for it really aggressively, no one's fighting for it really aggressively. We're, sort of, alone in this space right now, or we're not alone in this space right now, but people don't seem to be investing in it even though there's a lot of player's out there.
