Brian Radecki: This is Brian. The majority of it obviously is organic. It's a couple -- I don't know the exact number, it's a couple of percentage points from virtual premise. But moving forward, it'll all be organic moving forward. So again, sort of -- we give you guys the numbers after the quarter of a close, and we'll do the same with LoopNet. But then moving after that, we're just going to be presenting consolidated numbers. So as you said, it was definitely mostly organic. 
Brian Radecki: Yes, I think -- obviously, initially, we have to close the deal. And once we do, we want to work pretty closely with them. So I think we'll have some, but I would just say very light this year. But then I think it would ramp up throughout the year, and I would say by the end of -- I'm just saying the end of the 24-month period because obviously I don't know exactly when we're going to close. Again, as John Coleman said, we are hopeful that it's soon and expeditious. So whenever that closing is you can sort of countdown the 24 months. I mean, obviously, we will strive to beat that, but that's sort of the stated goal out there. 
Brian Radecki: I'll take the first part of the question, and then I'll turn over to Andy for the second part. So on the first part, we didn't give a number on that. I think when we first started giving those out, I told people that we would give some initial numbers to start. We're still seeing, I mean, obviously, great traction. It's definitely one of the things we keep hearing when contracts come in, "I signed up because of CoStarGo." It's what we hear in the focus groups. But as I mentioned a couple of quarters ago, initially, when you roll that out because we're not charging specifically, well basically, it's for people that upgrade to the suite. It will be tarred over time as you get further and further away from the product release to say, "Okay, did Rich Simonelli sign up because of CoStarGo, or he just signed up because he was going to sign up for CoStar anyways?" So I think we won't be continuing to give those numbers, but it is clear anecdotally that it's continuing to drive. You see the acceleration in sales. You see the acceleration in revenue growth, and there's no doubt in my head that, that's behind it. 
Brian Radecki: Sure. Toni, it's Brian. I think sequentially -- and I think we've talked about this on sort of prior calls, that number will jump around based on the mix of what we sell during the quarter. And definitely, the fourth quarter is always our strongest quarter of the year which people saw. But again, you can see the first quarter -- again, year-over-year it was very strong, and of course, that number was up year-over-year. So it's sort of always hard to compare the first quarter and the fourth quarter because of seasonality. So a better comparison I think is the fact that it was up year-over-year. But again, it does focus on the mix, and a lot of people signing up for CoStarGo might be upgrading from 2 to 3 products, so therefore it's not the same as if, for example, we had like a blowout quarter in financial services or something like that. So it definitely -- that's a number that's a good indicator, and it sort of describes sort of what was happening in the mix of products during the quarter. But because we have so many different products firing on all cylinders, it is going to move around every quarter. 
Brian Radecki: Correct. They typically have, yes, their strongest quarter in the first quarter, and the fourth quarter is usually not as strong. 
Brian Radecki: Yes. Just to add onto what Andy said, I mean, that's some pretty typical -- over the past decade, our contracts -- our annual contracts generally that auto renew, and they have obviously protection in there, basically the CPI protection in there, so obviously, if CPI went up. Over that decade, it's average someplace in the 2%, 3%, so it's not a significant number. But again, I would anticipate much change from that moving forward. Again, as Andy said it's really more about penetration, people adding new modules, adding new geography and those types of things than it is about price increases. 
Andrew Florance: I don't see -- well, there's going to -- we're going to do a much, much smaller version of the CoStarGo rollout in the United Kingdom in the fall after the Olympics. That'll be -- obviously, since you're covering 4 or 5 states in the United Kingdom as opposed to 35 in the United States, it will be a much smaller number than we saw associated with the CoStarGo rollout in the United States this year or in 2011. So at current, we're not anticipating a material big increase associated with that product pipeline. The CoStar Fusion I mentioned is not something that's going to impact 2012, that would impact 2013. There probably would be a rollout associated with that similar to the CoStarGo rollout in the United States. 
Andrew Florance: Well, I'll just give you one that's probably out there. I don't want to disclose anything that is not out there because we do have competition. We have a really nice tour application, and it's something that, gets -- historically, when I go to look for 10,000 square feet of space with my brokers in some city, they will give me a 5-pound book with 60 pages of facts and figures and floor plans for the buildings I'm going to be looking at that day. That book is useless, and it really doesn't do you any good as you're moving around all these buildings, you're seeing 20 buildings as you move through Phoenix, and you can't turn the pages fast enough, and there's very little content in there. And then when you get back on the plane and go home, you don't want to be carrying this 5-pound, 20-pound book in your briefcase. What's much more effective is giving the tenant an iPad as you go to look at the properties and have the information of the properties up -- have information geo-aware, and as you arrive at the building the information on the property is coming up. You get 10 times as much information on the properties. The client can then put in feedback. The client can put in feedback about what they like about the building. They can rate the architectural appeal, how they think the location works for the company, how they think the space is built out. And the broker can instantly see that feedback as they move through the tour. And then there are usually multiple people on the tour, so they can all lock in their feedback as they go. The brokerage firm can capture that information, use it in trying to formulate the best solution for that company after they viewed 10, 15 buildings. Typically, from when you see the buildings, when you first tour the buildings to when you actually execute a lease of 6 months, by capturing that feedback sooner, I think you can bring in by a month or so that time it takes to execute a lease, which would be a significant value at the brokerage firms as well as the owners because it basically brings the revenue in sooner. So it's sort of a stupid 6 months it takes from viewing the property to executing a lease. Doing this Tenant version of the iPad app, I think, will help close that and I think it will be very well received by our customers. 
Andrew Florance: We've been -- the companies we acquired and integrated in the U.K. had fairly weak software or very weak software. And they also had weak information outside of Central London, so they had -- the price points we picked up when we acquire those companies were dramatically lower than the U.S. price points, typically about 1/3 of U.S. price points. As we bring in a very compelling product like CoStarGo, we don't feel that this is -- we don't feel that penetration is the right strategy in the U.K. We've got great penetration in the U.K. We think that additional revenue per customer is a better strategy there, and we think we can achieve it. So we might potentially charge something, a nominal like $19 a month per user to get the iPad app. It could be $29 per user. And we're going to execute a strategy in the U.K. of continuing to do something like that. So as we bring out the CoStar Property, Tenant, COMPS product in the U.K., which has advantages over the product mix currently there, that might be another $19 a month per user. So we're going to be working on bringing up the average price per user in the U.K., and it's sort of appropriate to the different situation on the ground there. 
Andrew Florance: Due to the gun-jumping rules associated with this process, where we can't jump in and see competitively sensitive data with LoopNet until after we close and have permission -- I'm sorry, until after we have permission from the FTC to close, we have not been able to do detailed comparison of customer bases and come up with a more quantitative analysis for you. I can tell you that qualitatively, we are extremely confident that there is a large prospect base for CoStar's information services within LoopNet's customer base, and we believe there -- we are very confident that there is a large potential to sell LoopNet's marketing services to CoStar's information customers. So we are very excited about that prospect, and we think it's substantive, but at this point, we're not prepared to give detailed numbers. 
Andrew Florance: I would say that the good numbers we're seeing right now -- or one thing that I like about the good numbers is that they're across the board. We are making good progress in the financial services space, but we're also getting good, new brokerage firms and we're getting some retailers, so it's across the board. And also I should say, we could have 30 great quarters, and we're not moving the dial on the penetration. I mean, fortunately or unfortunately. So it's -- we're still relatively lightly penetrating into the potential market. So we might have 1/7 of the potential commercial banks right now signed up. We might have less than 1/10 of the potential owner customers signed up right now. 
Andrew Florance: It's still early, and some of that is going to continue -- be sensitive to whether or not the commercial real estate recovery continues to accelerate or strengthen. But we -- during the call, I wrote down my sequential quarterly target for Brian, which I'm not going to share with you. But we're optimistic and we would like to see it accelerate in 2013, but it's still too early to really be able to talk about that. And a lot of things going -- if things -- if we -- should we be able to integrate LoopNet, roll out this Fusion product, it would be a good environment. 
Andrew Florance: Now, the exception to this, in the United Kingdom, we will be able to give you some clarity there since we're charging separately for it. 
Andrew Florance: We don't have a specific target. It is -- I think it's linear, and with searches around releases and holidays, which I take is a really good sign. So when you get 25% increase in usage because of Christmas, people getting iPad that says that you're -- you'd get a lot of traction ahead of you. So we don't have a specific number, but you could just basically take what we've reported in the last several calls, and you could extrapolate it linearly and surge it around the holidays. 
Andrew Florance: We have not -- that's an active ongoing debate. I can tell you that we will probably have 2 variations of it, one with advanced analytics and one with basic analytics. So one version of CoStar Fusion will appear to -- appeal to hedge fund institutions who are typically PPR customers. That'll be the higher end version of it. And then we'll have a version that is geared to brokerage firms, who have a need for analytics but aren't doing -- do not have a need for advanced forecasting and the like. 
Andrew Florance: And so that takes your average sales price up. One nice thing about a potential LoopNet merger is we have inverse cyclicality, so it would actually do some smoothing between that first and fourth quarter. 
Andrew Florance: We have -- during the downturn, we suspended any counter price increases, even CPI increases. We are pushing through basic approximate CPI price increases, and we're not getting any pushback that I'm aware of for that. But if you were to take from '05 to 2012, it's not an inflation-adjusted big jump. We still continue to believe that penetration is the more important thing to focus on. So -- and also, we have the ability to keep on selling additional modules, which is a better received way to increase total revenue from a customer than price increases. 
Andrew Florance: Yes, I would say that they're similar, but again I think it's getting harder and harder to sort of track those. So when you first release it, it's pretty easy. I think as time goes on, it's not like we're asking every single salesperson to ask the client, "Please attribute, did you sign up because you think the service is great or did you sign up from CoStarGo." So I think, again, it's sort of something that when you initially release it, it's easier to track. It gets a little bit more difficult. So, yes, I would say that anecdotally, it continues -- we continue to hear from salespeople that, that's one of the reasons why people are signing up. Again, as Andy mentioned, in the U.K., we'll actually be priced, and we'll actually be charging for -- so something like that in the U.K. we'll be able to continue to track moving forward. 
Andrew Florance: I think it would be  number of users. I think you can -- I think it sort of holds the -- I think it holds the tailwind effect it's having on sales for several years. But I think the user adoption actually goes a little higher. In the U.K., it would be 1:1. So in the U.K., it would both be user and revenue growth. So we ultimately expect, whether it be HTML5 on a tablet other than Apple or whether it's Apple, I would expect to see 75%, 85% of our usage eventually become mobile. In the focus groups last week, we had several people comment that they are using CoStarGo at their desk rather than using the web platform. So I think it's an entire operating system shift or platform shift, which is great. It's a much more powerful tool. 
Andrew Florance: I would probably say that -- so 50% or little less than 50% of our customers are brokerage, and those are the folks who are going to be very sensitive to things like leasing activity and sales volume. And within that space, I would say that it is probably 75% to 80% leasing and 20% to 25% sales sensitive. But every brokerage firm -- or I'm sorry, not every brokerage firm, but every significant brokerage firm is going to have a combination of both in their financials. So it's sort of a blended result. But we are -- we've been seeing a good environment leasing now for more than 18 months, 24 months, and we're now beginning to see -- we've been seeing a good investment sales environment for about a year. And we have seen a good general commercial sales, which is the $4 million properties, which is really the bulk of the U.S. sales activity. We've been seeing a good environment there for about one quarter. And so that was just starting to take off. 
Andrew Florance: The last one I mentioned. I think LoopNet is very strong in the sub-$2 million sale area, general commercial. So they'll have growth around that. And their other sensitivity is that they have sensitivity to the leasing environment but differently than CoStar does. When there's no leasing activity like in '08, people just don't have marketing budgets, so they see a little bit drive for revenue. And then they move into a good environment when the vacancy rates just begin to move downward a little bit. And I would think that when they get down to extraordinarily low vacancy rates like San Francisco at '99, they also do poorly because no one needs to advertise anything because everything leases automatically. So they likely have a 5-year positive environment from here given traditional real estate cycles. 
Andrew Florance: We -- each year, in January, we tweak the sales incentives. This year, we turned the dial from client retention to hunting a little bit more. So in a bad market, we put additional incentive on driving usage and retaining customers. Now that the economy has a little tailwind, we've moved the dial a little bit more towards net production or the hunting. Still, that's a major component for driving usage and retention. And then we also have some lucrative sales contest, which the sales force find highly motivational. And last year, it was pure new client acquisition. This year, it is more about retention and overall year-over-year acceleration of performance on net sales. So a little bit more -- summary, a little bit more aggressive on net new sales, on just revenue growth. 
Andrew Florance: Well, with that, I would like to thank you for joining us from here in our San Francisco sales office for our Q1 earnings call. We'll look forward to updating you on our progress with LoopNet and our second quarter earnings call. Thank you for joining us. 
