Andy Florance: Sure. I've asked Apartments.com or similar companies that we acquired in the last downturn and typically said that Apartments.com does better in a downturn than in a really healthy market. So higher vacancy rates mean there's more demand for leads and traffic into leasing offices and point of fact, many people, executives believe that a really healthy market like we had a year ago is a bad environment to operate Apartments.com. Consumer behavior here is fundamental. It's like having a roof over your head. So it's very resilient during a downturn.
Andy Florance: Well, forgive me, I don't want to sound flippant of having these sorts of discussions. I come across a little bluntly. I was an early cynic on the context that co-working would take over the world. I may [indiscernible] to want to continue working from home. And I actually think that -- I think there is a little knee-jerk where people say, "Oh gosh, everyone's going to work from home." I'm not seeing that. And in fact, I could actually make the argument that the potential downside of 0.25 billion square feet of demand going away in the office sector is really just driven by job losses, 1 person per 200 feet. But the demand for office space is very elastic to the price. So the amount of space per person in Houston is dramatically larger than the amount of space per person. Prices fall 28%. Overall demand may go up, especially when companies are trying to figure out potentially over -- sale over each other and want to spread out a little bit. But our staff in Beijing is thrilled to be back in the office. And I've never seen people like that happier.
Andy Florance: Yes. Yes. We are -- our product teams have probably initiated a dozen or more product changes to deal with the situation. If you go to LoopNet, you'll see a very prominent virtual tour button now on a home page. We now have an ability in LoopNet, where a broker can -- or 2 executives, a broker and a tenant or 2 executives can join each other on a LoopNet tour and actually initiate videoconferencing together in the LoopNet website as they view properties. We call that co-tour. There are probably a dozen or so of these sort of virtual leasing, more social distancing type things that we're doing. And we're also ratcheting up the marketing. This is the -- one thing that happens in any one of these disruptions is typically behavior changes permanently. And so we believe that there's a chance that people will come to value online marketing and real estate much more than they valued it before, and we're basically pulling all the strings and product features to try to capture that as quickly as we can. There's some other initiatives we're looking at, and maybe 1 or 2 acquisitions we're looking at, that are responsive to what's occurring right now and what we think will happen next year. So we're -- I think probably 30% of what we're doing in product is around this situation right now. I don't think there's a lot changing in pricing. I think we never increased prices when the market is in disruption. But beyond that, I don't think there's a bunch of -- no big need to change pricing. Too long an answer there, I'm sorry.
Andy Florance: It's a little early for that, but I'm positive there will be. What you typically see is money on the sidelines looking to move in on distressed properties. So that's already starting to ramp up as usual.
Andy Florance: I would reiterate that there's a lot of uncertainty right here. We don't know if we're going to be fully back at work, when, how, but I would not be at all surprised if there wasn't -- I would expect softness in revenue. I have to say that when I saw the Apartment sales numbers, see the sales numbers coming in this month, I'm shocked and like, "Oh my gosh, the world is falling apart and we're selling a lot of online marketing." But yes, I have to assume that some elements of our business, as with other downturns, we'll see softness. Cancellations will go up. We've had a number of customers ask for forbearance on their bills. We've probably negotiated some deferrals on about 160 customers in CoStar. We probably eliminated some user headcount at some sites, on 100 or 200 some sites [technical difficulty]. Yes, we have to change the long-term course. We would expect to pick back up if there's softness shortly thereafter. And we're going to be trying to -- we're going to try to keep everything move in the right direction. But we certainly can't say that it won't go negative here or there. But again, when it went negative last time, only one-time ever in 34 years. On annualized calendar basis, it was 1% down. So I'll take that. If that's the hit we're going to take, I'll take that. But we're going to try to fight it.
Andy Florance: We definitely have too many devices up on my screen on my desk. Now I have like Rosetta Stone popping up on 16 bubbles on 3 screens.
Andy Florance: Yes. So we -- sadly, I really do expect to see a lot of bankruptcies. And I remember clearly in '08, you had thousands of companies that were clients going bankrupt. So I imagine you're going to see some bankruptcies, you're going to see folks at the end of their career decide to step out at this point. So you'll see that -- we'll see that hit the CoStar suite side, and that typically -- that will happen over X number of quarters, but you also see new buyers entering the market in the -- after a quarter or two, especially like vulture investors or opportunistic investors. You will see building owners go bankrupt. The only up -- silver lining there is that they tend to -- they have in the past, tended to maintain their marketing plans through bankruptcy. Bankruptcy courts tend to approve that because they don't want the revenue stream to erode during the bankruptcy process. And then the thing that I remember clearly from the last several cycles is that the new owners, $0.50 on the dollar, they are flushed with cash and much of it flows our way. So there are -- I think that there will be friction throughout the system, but probably a little bit more on the brokers who step out of the business to go -- or go bankrupt on the CoStar side.
Andy Florance: Yes. So before the pandemic hit, we saw some really good sales results in LoopNet Signature Ads. And then the pandemic hit and everything just basically stopped while people are figuring out what's going on. But the really good results of Signature Ads continues in January, February. And as much as anything, I think we saw some brokers who are more vulnerable pulling back some of their spending. And while it's -- there was a dip in search activity in LoopNet initially as we went into the pandemic in the United States, that activity has come back up and searches are now stronger than they were before. I think we need to clarify our message or evolve our message to the owners about the fact that they have -- the message is really solid for those folks. There will be hundreds of thousands to 1 million leases in the next year. There will be a contraction of overall demand. People are not driving by and seeing building signs, people not touring the buildings. We are continuously improving the immersive quality of marketing their buildings on LoopNet. And we think we will pick up revenue, and I think it will keep going. But we're being conservative right now because a lot of our revenue on LoopNet comes from small brokerage firms, and we think they will take an outside hit, but that's not really impacting the fact that we're going after a new market pretty aggressively, which is the larger institutional owners. And the amount of money they spend on an advertisement on a high-end movement ad relative to their vacancy loss is about as levered as you can possibly be. You're looking at a $100 million vacancy loss, and you're looking at an ad that costs a couple of thousand bucks. So I remain optimistic. I spent most of Sunday working on new marketing materials for LoopNet to try to adjust and focus, and I think we'll -- I'm still bullish about the potential there. But Mr. Wheeler, Dr. Wheeler, will be Dr. No [ph] because we're seeing the low and being conservative.
Andy Florance: We -- at this point, as we've mentioned, so there are a bunch of different levers we can pull on cost structure. We have a lot of optionality there, but don't have conditions that would merit contracting our spend dramatically. We actually have a lot of great growth drivers in the business and we are -- as we report this quarter, we're meeting our expectations. If things fell apart, certainly, we would react, but that's not what's going on. And when you look at the results we're having in Apartments.com, they're strong, and we believe that potential is still there. And we don't see a reason at this point to change our strategy. Our traffic to Apartments.com and our lead flow is at the highest level it's ever been. So across the board, almost all of our key sites are hitting the traffic numbers. And we think that there's a transition going on from more offline to more online. And this is an opportunity that we don't really want to change our course or our mission, given what the facts we have today. So we're anticipating continuing the same investment we originally planned unless something changes.
Andy Florance: The uncertainty, clearly, is high right now. And -- but the -- and we don't have a reason to believe that it's not achievable at this point until facts change and there's -- or reasonably it's not achievable. I would actually say you could say if an element of that is organic, it would probably be more achievable to -- I'm sorry, or an element of that target is acquisitive for an acquisition, that may become easier to achieve those targets in this acquisition environment.
Andy Florance: So in terms of -- I think there are two different questions there. One is the microeconomics and decision to market on LoopNet or Apartments.com. I think that math is really quite simple. Like if -- across the board, the economic trend is going to be just softness in leasing revenue. And when you hit softness in leasing revenues on big dollar items and traditional methods like broker parties or events or signs or people spinning the sign outside or walking through the building are all gone away, that beautiful print brochure is not going to be seen or touched by anybody. It's a no-brainer that the trend should be to digital marketing, virtual experiences, more Matterports, more drone videos and the like. That's a no-brainer. And on the other element about decisions, how people are using our tools to try to decide should they sell, should they -- I think those trends are tsunami-like. And I think that -- I hope our clients use our data aggressively and trust the numbers to set their pricing realistically quickly to win at the game of musical chairs, i.e., sit down first if the data says you should sit down first because having a chair is better than having no tenant at all. So I think that people should be using our data right now to really be realistic between -- and also to help coordinate between owner, lender and investor to make sure that they're all making that decision together with data as opposed to hope. And then on the part of investment sales, I feel that there's typically a big disconnect right now where it's going to be really difficult for people to -- sellers to reduce their expectations enough to meet where buyers are right now. So typically, that doesn't happen for a year to 18 months to 24 months. But we will build products and services to try to be there with strong offerings as that volume unleashes.
Andy Florance: I think there's two questions. One is our experience selling advertising to multifamily, and then secondly, rates and occupancy levels and asset prices in the multifamily world. I believe that just by the nature of our business, we are somewhat insulated as to what happens with occupancies. We may be inversely correlated to what happens with occupancies. I think we're relatively independent of what happens with the rent. The rent fall so far are not material. And I think we're independent of what happens to asset values. We may be somewhat negatively impacted by the fact there may not be a lot of new development over the next two years. But at this point, the sales are holding up strong because if you have tenants who are not paying rent and were paying rent the month before, and you anticipate they may not be paying rent again in the future, you need to begin to backfill them. If you just had a large property deliver and it's got a lot of vacancy, then you may have -- I need to really pick it up. So I don't -- again, we can't really see beyond next quarters to what's going to happen in the economy. But right now, we feel pretty good about what's happening from Apartments.com's perspective and our experience. It could change, but right now, it's -- it has surprised me materially to the upside. Shocked me.
Andy Florance: I would look at -- we don't know, but I would just look back to the worst we ever experienced in 30 years was '08, '09. And we had two quarters where it really materially fell. So that would be a quarter or two out on the CoStar side, but we -- this is a different cycle, and we have no idea when -- it's just too hard to predict past the quarter. But it typically wouldn't be -- if you were just taking exactly what happened in '08 and stick it right here, it would be third, fourth quarter.
Andy Florance: Thanks for the first quarter -- joining us for the first quarter earnings call. I look forward to updating you this summer on the second quarter. And I hope you're all staying safe and well, and appreciate you all joining us here on the call today.
Scott Wheeler: That comes from our General Counsel. Perfect guy to have running CoStar development as the guy who led development over at Rosetta Stone.
Scott Wheeler: Yes, sure. What I was referring to in the growth in the quarter was that the -- our clients are choosing higher level ad packages to purchase, which cost more per package. You may recall, last year, we announced that we were putting a Diamond Plus level for sorting to the top of the Diamond section. And then this last year, at the end of the fourth quarter, we also introduced Platinum and Gold Plus tiers as well to sort of to the top to those levels. Now those aren't material parts of our sales right now. But there's just examples of when people want to get more exposure when they have additional vacancies they need to fill, then they can buy up to higher level ad packages to get more traffic and more leads. And we saw that in the first quarter, and that's what generated that 11% revenue growth from that price/mix effect.
Scott Wheeler: And Bill, we talked about the revenue per listing increasing in Apartments as people buy ads. In just Signature Ads alone, we saw from the fourth quarter, we were around $500 per ad in the fourth quarter, now we're a little over $700 per ad in the first quarter. And that's not price increases. That's people deciding to buy the Platinum and the Diamond level Signature Ads in more and more quantities as time is going on and as our sales force is really focused on those high-value properties. So it's starting to move up nicely from an average price perspective.
Scott Wheeler: Those are always fun questions to ask, George, in the midst of an extremely uncertain environment. When we decided not to give 2020 guidance, George asks me for 2023 guidance. I kind of knew you were lurking out there, George. You can get to that. So right now, we -- like we said, we've gotten the second quarter is what we're seeing so far. And clearly, we are focused on growing back at our historic levels as quickly as possible and continue to invest so that can snap back, and continuing to pursue acquisitions, which will help fill any of those revenue gaps that might be created by a temporary slowdown. Certainly, you either have to buy more acquisitions or you're going to have to get that revenue growth rate running up further in the out years. But mathematically, we can still get there. Again, we didn't tell you know what the length and the duration of the downturn is. You can't say it for certain. But that's not all we know about it so far. And as pace and directions change, we'll obviously keep that in mind.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. The other thing, people we're seeing -- and to keep in mind is that, if you recall back in the last recession, it started to build -- the negative momentum started to build through '08 and then dropped pretty heavily at the end of '08, early '09. And so it took a number of quarters for that to develop. What we're seeing happen here is things dropped quickly, and they dropped within a week down to the levels I mentioned, half of the levels of sales, et cetera, which never happened before in the '08, '09. And then when we see what's happened since then, as Andy mentioned, we've seen volumes move up in traffic and leads on both LoopNet and Apartments.com. Apartments.com is up where it was before the downturn. We've seen CoStar in the last 1.5 weeks, we've seen the contract pacing move up a bit in CoStar in the last 1.5 weeks. So we just saw this -- the cliff dropped quickly, and then it held there for a week or 2. And then we've seen some build underneath it. Now does that mean it's going to continue to build? Or is it going to drop again if something else happens in the economy? Or is it going to build faster? Like we don't know, but the pattern is very different in this shock than what happened in '08 as many lessons as we can from it and then just see how this thing develops in a different pattern.
