Andrew Florance: I’m sorry, [indiscernible] Brian Radecki is on -- Brian just texted me our former CFO. Sounded a little harsh.
Andrew Florance: He's having a little martini on his plane. Okay. So the -- before we jump over to Q&A, I apologize to the operator. But that was -- this is my 103rd earnings call. Scott is a relative rookie with only 32 earnings calls with us. Certainly, very grateful everything Scott has accomplished it was 8 years with CoStar Group. And so I thought we could all do his performance review here together. These are numbers guys, so let's review his performance with its stats. At Scott's first earnings call, we had a cash balance of $422 million. We now have $5.5 [ph] billion. In the first earnings call that Scott held, we were -- our stock price was at $18 and it's now grown to $85. That's a 21% CAGR on the stock price annually through his tenure. Now we're going to have to compare that to the last CFO that you just guessed Brian Radecki. He achieved a 23% compound annual growth rate and his predecessor CFO, Frank Carchedi turned in a 25% comp annual growth rate. However, but in fairness, the rule of small numbers with Carchedi and with Radecki because our cap rate was only $75 million when they began, you began at $5 billion. So you're the hands-down winner on market cap. So our market cap when you started was $6 billion, it's now $35 billion. So you're just the victor. So well done, Scott and you go into the CoStar CFO hall of fame. And now you've successfully summited CoStar mountain. God speed climbing all the other mountains around the world, your heart desires to climb, and I will take you up on the Manhattan. I'm not a big Manhattan guy, but I would look forward to a quality mix. So with that sort of unprofessional [indiscernible] we'll turn it over to Q&A with our operator.
Andrew Florance: Sure. So obviously, exceeded expectations. I would say that it is mostly outbound. There was strong inbound interest. There was a lot of convention sales. So there are a number of industry events out there, and people were buying a lot at various brokerage firm specific events. The close cycle is extremely fast. It typically is demo closed simultaneously. There isn't a win loss really because no one is providing a similar service in the United States. Our offering is unique. They're anecdotally, there -- we have heard some substitution effect with some of the lead diversion model legacy providers. But by and large, it is a short sales cycle pretty straightforward. We are selling the individual agents. They're typically paying with a credit card, but at the end of the demo. And again, the fact that 90% are going for an annual agreement is pretty positive. It would appear that priority for us going forward is just scaling the Homes.com sales team because while it's great to have overall sales force doing it, you eventually want to get everyone back to their core products and build big enough sales team to manage the 500,000 to 600,000 prospects we've got for this product.
Andrew Florance: Sure. So that's correct. We are around 8,000 members and 475 to 500. I do not think that price really changes through time. There's no cherry picking bigger accounts or smaller potential accounts. It's been pretty much even movement across the board. So I'd anticipate that same price point, we are very happy with that price point. It's both priced way below what other competitors are charging for their relative services. And yet it's a pretty solid price point per person for CoStar Group overall. There was a surge of buying activity with a couple of big conferences early in -- or mid-February, and a little bit of some sales people moving back to selling Apartments.com and LoopNet and some return. But we are simultaneously accelerating the growth of the Homes team pretty aggressively. So the numbers remain solid as we leave the quarter. When you look at the overall potential, there is, I mean, I would love to get that number up to 100,000 members sooner rather than later. But you absolutely have the potential to reach hundreds of thousands of members. And by comparison, if you say, look at another real estate marketplace, we've got like LoopNet, you see, like, say, in Florida, California, you see 60%, 70%, 80% of properties marketed on that platform. So under our model, unlike some of the other models, we can achieve super high penetration rates. And so we want to balanced price and volume so that the broader market gets to participate and you create goodwill across a bigger section of residential real estate. But number has been great.
Andrew Florance: So I really am happy with the pricing model we went to market with. We blended -- we obviously have to have an element that is price per listing because each listing takes up valuable real estate as it sorts higher in the order. You also have to acknowledge that someone might be selling properties in a market that the average home sale is 125 and some might be selling properties where the average home sale is $3 million. So our pricing scheme is somewhat bespoke to the particular agent. And the reaction to the pricing that we are putting out there is super positive. And I mean they had not a lot of pushback on it. So there was one person that the formula priced them out at $500,000 a month, and we didn't get the reaction we were looking for with them. But everyone else is doing pretty good. We are super early stages here with just 8,000 members where I anticipate we'll have hundreds of thousands of members. We are super early stage. It's super important, in my view, for a marketplace to go for mass adoption participation of agents is our highest priority. And it's -- we won't look at doing premium tiers for a period of time until our penetration rates are in the teens and 20%. We just want to focus on what is really important, which is getting that first level of membership in there. I can tell you anecdotally from our sales force, there's demand for premium tiers. Our clients, particularly in residential real estate, would appear to be highly competitive with one another. And agents who -- listings are now up on Page 1, instead of Page 30 are now complaining that they would like to buy #1 on the page. I don't want to be #5 on the page. So there's clearly demand for premium. But in other countries or where people have -- you're listing your lead model like we do, often it's the home seller who's paying for the premium going up to the gold diamond platinum levels. But I think there is certainly demand for gold level at the agent level.
Andrew Florance: We are really happy with the traction we've got. We want to keep that going. I would -- I want to be able to report good solid numbers for '24 on the Homes.com launch. I want to give time to Andy Stearns to build up the 300, 400 person sales force. And then the other factor, honestly, is the Apartments.com, LoopNet, CoStar sales people want to have an opportunity to sell Homes.com. So we're sort of responding to the sales force wanting to participate in an exciting event. There are some number of people who are good at selling their core product and maybe they haven't been successful the Homes, those folks have already returned to focusing on their core product, maybe 200 some people. think we will be using the broader effort through the end of the year and then in '25, we'll begin to focus more on a dedicated sales team. The good news is that the centralized team in Richmond is successfully selling at effectively the exact same pace of anyone out in the market next door to a real estate agent. So happy with that. It's a question of scaling the dedicated Homes team.
Andrew Florance: So yes -- so the unit deliveries are coming down slightly. They're still very high by historical standards. And we're up, what, 9.1% [indiscernible] where that is and we're 9.1% that is very high for the apartment industry, and we are up at the point at which you're a little uncomfortable with refinancings and liquidity for some of the owners of apartment buildings. It'd actually be nice to see a little more stability in the market and have that vacancy rate come down next year. But I think we have 2 to 3 years at least of elevated vacancy, which is sort of the Goldilocks environment for selling Apartments.com. So again, each of our products is going to go through different environmental cycles. So we will have to worry about that perhaps in 2, 3 years, maybe we won't have to worry about it in 2 or 3 years.
Andrew Florance: Yes. I wish I had the precise number there for you. So when we spoke last time, it was -- we demoed 2%. I'm actually really pleased with the conversion rate. So when we get a demo to a close, that's high -- that’s a solid double-digit number, I think in the 20s to 30s from where we -- when we get a demo to the close rate. So the bigger challenge is having enough people and getting enough demos. But that's great. We'll eventually get demos with everyone eventually. So you just keep on bringing different marketing messages out there to folks. You keep trying to reconnect for people in various environments and context, and we'll get there. So we are still at the -- as we pass through the 40 million mark, we have demoed 7%.
Andrew Florance: So there's 540,000 core prospects we've defined and we've demoed 7%. Now we have sold a lot of product to folks who have no listings. So the 540,000 is probably the wrong denominator. The denominator could be 1 million plus given the fact that so many people with no listings have subscribed.
Andrew Florance: Well, you have -- you always have a large number of folks who are trying to break in the residential real estate who have not to date been as successful as they'd like. Over 97% of agents are really do both buyer agency and seller agency. There are some instances where established agent at the moment doesn't have a listing, but they've got listings last year. But if you have done some transactions at the last 3 years, and you can get your name up on neighborhoods as being an expert, if you can sort to the top of a major directory for an area. If you can retarget people come to the site and looking for properties that are relevant to your experience level, even if you have no listing, we do give you hundreds of thousands of exposures and both on the site and off the site with retargeting. So there is value there. I do think that realistically with the changes with the lawsuits and any future changes coming down the road with an adjusted apartment activity, that residential real estate will be a little bit more of a sport of people with listings will get more listings, but happy to help people without new listings or people with lot of listings.
Andrew Florance: Heather, if you're confused, I think many people in the listening audience today are confused. There was a -- our last CFO, who is an outstanding CFO, and he's listening right now. I got a little [indiscernible] at the emotional overload of leaving CoStar and we haven't let them live it down. In another 10 years, we'll stop talking about it.
Andrew Florance: Yes. So in terms of -- let's start with the existing growth strategy. I am highly confident by -- through pulling levers on pricing, on switching between upfront purchase equipment, subscription models, relying more heavily on capture networks. I feel -- and then also by the virtue of the fact that we aggressively adopt the digital twins more broadly. That all those things together will allow us to significantly accelerate the sales or revenue of Matterport outside of it being used inside of anything in CoStar. In other words, outside of being used as part of Homes.com Apartments.com, LoopNet, so on and so forth. But -- and I think Matterport penetration will have some slight different numbers on that. I'm confident sub 5% in the United States. I'm confident sub 1% in Europe. And at that -- at those levels, I am a big believer in the value of a Matterport when you're trying to sell a $500,000 or $1 million property. And then I think those adoption rates will ultimately go up 50% or more for digital twins with people moving real estate. There was a time when only 5% of the real estate listings had a photo. So the digital twins is going to be -- I think. And there are a number of different players out there, and our goal will be to try to capture a leading share of the digital twin. So there are different solutions at different quality levels. When you look at how we integrate it into our product, we are going to -- first of all, we believe that just -- the overall goal of what we're doing is helping people lease and sell their real estate or to analyze real estate. These three dimensional, these 3D, three spatial twins are transformative, really important tools, and we are going to make them ubiquitous across our sites. So we've been an aggressive adopter to date, we're going grow it dramatically. And virtually everything we are doing. So even think about something like our CoStar Real Estate Manager, a significant percentage of the Fortune 500 use CoStar Real Estate Manager to manage their leases, critical dates, their facility strategies, giving their real estate people the ability to look at a 3D representation, a walk through one of their facilities is super valuable. Even if it's something is as small as a -- the equipment room on a cellular antenna, being able to go into that Matterport and seeing what the RAC configuration is and see how much room there is, is there room for more RACs, that kind of stuff. The stuff is ubiquitous and super valuable. So being aggressively adopting it, we think will fuel growth and differentiate us from other folks. But the other thing is I think there's an enormous amount of data here. So if you think of the failure of AVMs, automated valuation models, to deliver real value, my belief is that one of the big failures of AVMs to date has been the fact that they are taking tabular data, a handful of tabular data fields around one point on a map is really fails to capture the real characteristic of the real estate asset. When you have a Matterport, you're able to recognize infinitely more information about the space you're in, you can determine quality, you can determine build out, you determine just things like sensing the fact that there's really [indiscernible].There's a -- the nature of the layout, looking at the views out the windows, are you looking at another building 5 feet away or do you have a view of the Hudson River, which one is it? So I think this will also -- there's an enormous data advantage here that you can use to inform automated valuation models and understand market statistics better. And that's certainly true with certainly residential, but also commercial real estate. So if I'm trying to understand where lease rates are, and I can ascertain that this space was raw, which machine vision can do. Artificial intelligence can determine whether it was unfinished space versus polished space, that's going to impact how you calculate the economics of what the lease deal was. And then with -- right now, Matterport is really beautiful at being able to move through a space in a semi-natural format. But with the work that Apple, the commitment that Apple has and Meta has to building headsets, I believe that you will, in the next 3 years or so have smooth walk-through capabilities through these digital twins, which will be super powerful. The ability to also take the twin outside of the structure and actually capture the exterior of the structure and possibly moving the capture equipment to a drone as well. So in my spare time, I have been putting expensive Matterport's on top of expensive drones and trying to capture it externally. But it's hard to do that with a weekend research projects, really need professionals to do that.
Andrew Florance: Well, I'd like to thank you all for joining us again for our first quarter 2024 earnings call. I'm glad we were able to report good results, initial results on the Homes.com monetization. And again, thank you, Scott, for all the outstanding work you've done. And Brian, I apologize for Scott, poking the bear on the last CFO. Bye, everyone.
