William Warmington: So I wanted to ask first if you could talk to us about where you are relative to the cost synergies for the merger. We've been talking about a $20 million target over a 24-month period. It sounds like you're probably running ahead of that. 
William Warmington: Got you. And then I wanted to ask, where are you seeing -- it sounds like you're seeing a lot of success with the cross-selling. I just want to know if you can give us some color in terms of particular market sizes, particular geographies, particular firm sizes, type of product, something that where you're having particularly strong success. 
William Warmington: A quick question on the -- I just wanted to make sure I follow the math on the initial cost that the uplift you got this quarter, third quarter, from the -- for the cross-sales. 
Brian Radecki: Bill, it's Brian. Yes, I think clearly shown in the numbers that we're just barely 6 months into the integration, but I think we're probably ahead of where we thought we would be. And you are seeing that directly in our earnings numbers and us raising earnings guidance along with still being able to invest in the marketing for the cross-sell. So I think we're extremely happy where we are on that metric. And I think we're, again, well on our way to getting there, more than halfway. And I think that we've already held other things in place that we believe will be there on time or sooner. 
Brian Radecki: Yes. I try to give everybody a little bit of clarity on that. I mean, if you were to look at the CoStar business, we're sort of in the 12% to 13% range. If you look at LoopNet, sort of taking out all the adjustments, they're sort of in the 10% to 11% range. So again, I'm sort of giving a range of 11% to 13% for the business. I gave a new metric. People will go back and look at the transcript this time of what the subscription base revenue is, it's now about 71% quarter-over-quarter, and that's growing at 14%. So what does that tell you? It tells you the other 29% is growing at below 14% and sort of the one-off marketing stuff. So obviously, one of the big goals is to, as Andy talked about, is to constantly go out there and sell people annual contracts for those marketing services and moving them over to that bucket. So I would expect to see that 71% grow next year, which, as that grows, you'll see higher growth rates. So I think until then, you're going to sort of be in that 11%, 12%, possibly 13% range, probably a little bit more conservative in there as we combine the 2 companies. 
Brian Radecki: Sure. Yes. I mean, I think we talked about -- in the fourth quarter, if anyone goes back and looks at LoopNet's numbers, they've always had -- that's always sort of been their worst quarter. So it's always a seasonally weak quarter for them. So I think, obviously, that will moderate sort of our organic revenue growth. And we do have the RMS contract and the Grubb & Ellis, which is still in bankruptcy court that keeps getting extended, but we don't know. So I would actually expect to be in the middle of the revenue range. Now again, there's a lot of factors. We've reversed the trend last quarter. There's a lot of other things that can happen. But I think with their seasonally weak quarter, knowing that these other contracts are definitely coming out in the fourth quarter, I'm expecting sort of a midrange, in the middle of the range of where we're at. And then I expect, obviously, to move back to what we've been seeing prior to that, into the first quarter. 
Brian Radecki: Sure. That's a good question. And I would actually say that, at this point, a couple of markets stand out, like the California markets are doing extremely well. In particular, Los Angeles, where both LoopNet and CoStar Group have very large customer bases down there, and some salespeople are having some great success there. But another area would be Chicago, where they've seen a lot of success. But I actually think that the biggest determinant of the kind of numbers we're seeing and where they're coming from is individual sales professionals, skill set and what they've learned and how they approach the upseller conversion sale. So I'm seeing individuals who clearly get it. And our -- I think we've got individuals who've done 20 to 30 upsells on their own. And then we have other individuals who haven't yet figured it out, and we are providing continuing ongoing training support to help them figure out how the sale works. And I guess that's ultimately good news because, eventually, we'll get everyone up to speed, and it should be fairly consistent. But the -- over the short term, in Chicago, where we first started to trial the process and those salespeople did a lot of exposure with the cross-selling. Southern California, where we just have a bunch of good salespeople, and they've got a big pool to work. But over the intermediate term, it will probably be heavily focused in California, Texas and Florida. And a lot of activity everywhere else in the country. And the other thing we've seen is that in the initial rounds, we've done extremely well with the 1- to 5-person shop at LoopNet. So someone with -- just a handful of brokers, a relatively small shop, which has never historically been CoStar's greatest strength and now, this merger has given us that entryway there. And that's doing really well. The 35- or 40-person shop who might have been using LoopNet before, they're facing a very significant cost increase to go from LoopNet to CoStar. So where the 2-person shop may be paying $400, $500 more per month, and they can do that, the larger shop may be facing $10,000-plus more per month. And I think that has a longer sale cycle. So we'll see those start to kick in later in the process. But the typical size of the leads we're looking at, or the LoopNet users are looking at, are 3 to 10 users in the shop. And I'm encouraging the sales force to work that sub-10 list because if we have a lot of success in the sub-10 list, they'll just give us a stronger position in the plus-10 user area over time. Also, the biggest misperception out there in the marketplace, prior to merger, which we're now able to correct, that we merged, we can actually compare databases and show that to people, and people take it face value when you share it with them. The biggest misconception is the relative strength of the CoStar retail progress and the LoopNet retail information service. And a lot of retail-oriented brokers are going, "Wow, customer's got a phenomenal retail database." And so we're getting a lot of little retail shops coming over, which is good news. Now so far, the -- so far, we really, to be honest, have not achieved what our potential's going to be in the selling LoopNet Premium Lister to the CoStar clients. And that's just a function of training. It's just -- we try to do a lot, as you can tell, really quickly. And probably, at our sales -- annual sales conference in January, we'll exert a lot more effort to cross-sell the other way where we'll start selling LoopNet's subscriptions to the CoStar information clients. And I actually think that, that is going to be -- I'm very optimistic about the potential for that because I think it just -- it makes so much sense for these firms to be marketing their listings on LoopNet, and many of them just started taking advantage of it. And I think we'll get dramatically better economics when we start selling the LoopNet Premium Lister to firms, with collections or brokers on annual contracts, rather than one-off monthly contracts to individuals. So all that bottom line, as a way of saying, it looks good. We're moving really fast. I'm very impatient for the future. 
Brian Radecki: That's per month. So the average deal size is -- I mean, you can calculate it, but somewhere in the $500 a month is the average deal size there. 
Brian Radecki: Actually -- and I haven't done the math on the numbers I have. So these numbers are moving pretty quickly, like it's ramping up, so they're moving quickly here. But what I've been observing is that the -- when someone was paying LoopNet $80 for some combination of marketing information services, they're typically now paying us about $500 a month for CoStar information services alone, and then they're paying a little bit more in addition to get pure LoopNet marketing services. So we're -- not in every case. But in overall, we're capturing a little more LoopNet revenue, but it's on the marketing side, on annual contracts, and we're getting about $500 average for CoStar information services, again, on annual contracts. 
Brian Radecki: Thank you. I was trying to pull the number. I didn't get it fast enough. One of the significant things there that you should catch in there is we've gone for about 10 or 15 years with a 50-50 balance between selling to new customers and existing customers. So it's been 50% adding additional services to existing customers -- find new customers. The first time in the last 6 months, we shifted dramatically to the new customer side. So we're picking up -- I heard different numbers in the quarter, but it was moving towards a 70-or-some percent. 
Brian Radecki: And part of the surprise here, for us, is that the people who are upgrading the fastest in the LoopNet world are the people who weren't paying anything at all. 
Brian Radecki: The question is that, were they paying or not? And I think what Andy was saying before is that the surprising thing is that it's "premium," more heavily weighted towards premium people that actually weren't paying anything. They are using the LoopNet system, but they weren't paying, that were signing up here. 
Brian Radecki: I'm giving you a very -- I looked at it, and I'm giving you sort of a recollection from memory, so I could be wrong. But it was, I believe, somewhere in the 400 to 500 were premium. 
Brian Radecki: It's -- I'm sure a lot of things will evolve, and we'll see the world differently over the next several years. But we often look at it by not so much by specific product, but by industry segment. So if you look at -- in the most simplistic way, if you look at brokerage firms, owners -- and owners are really just institutions. They can be debt, equity, private, public, whatever, and then banks, who are more towards the regulatory side, and it's a little different there, and then other. We believe that the potential in the banking side of the business, remember these banks keep a very large percentage of their commercial real estate on their books. So they're particularly sensitive to it and trying to evaluate, understand and look at credit risk, default and the like. And we were meeting with the CEO of Wells Fargo earlier in the week, and he was talking about how the fact that in the residential world, he's presented with a lot of very hard numbers and quantitative analysis of what's occurring. And historically, in commercial real estate, it feels much more like an art and an opinion. So we think that on the banking inside, there is a $200 million-plus opportunity. And currently, that is probably something in the $20 million to $30 million range for us. So we think that could grow tenfold-plus overtime. And then we also think that we are relatively lightly penetrated in the owners segment. And we see, in some cities, among owners that we think are a certain scale, we might be 17% penetrated plus in the older cities; and then newer cities, we're single digit. So we think that's also another couple of $100 million-plus segment. And then you can just mechanically look at -- one of the things that the LoopNet merger has done is it has clearly, in very vivid color, reinforced for us the size of the brokerage community out there doing deals, making a living in commercial real estate. And we feel like 1/2 of them are using -- LoopNet marketing as a solution, 1/2 are using CoStar information, and you can cross-sell both. And we believe that's several hundred million of potential. So it's -- I sort of look at it as those 3 legs stool. And then I'm sure the other category will be really fascinating. All the bizarre, never expected uses of the information products, from cellular towers to taxi dispatch, to package routing, to power planting, so on and so forth. But I don't see that ever being more than a $50 million, $100 million space, the other category. Except I was thinking the other day that Apple could use some help with their maps. I hope that gives you some help. 
Brian Radecki: And Brett, just to put that in context, I mean, by the first quarter of 2013, we're going to be in $100 million range for a quarter. So it will be in the $400-plus million range. We set out a $500 million target out there by '14. So I think, if you sort of add up -- I mean, Andy is doing this off top of his head, but $200 million here, $100 million there, $200 million there, you sort of quickly get from the $500 million to the $1 billion. So I think that gives people a pretty good road map. I also think in there, you're going to have a couple of hundred million dollars from just marketing across all the platforms. So I think it's a pretty clear path to the $0.5 billion. I think people can see the clear path on the earnings side, too, which is, for me, really exciting, and then I think from there, a run to $1 billion. 
Brian Radecki: And just to add just a few things to that. I think that, as Andy said, we're actually going to be focusing on training in the fourth quarter, so we would certainly not expect to see a lot from the U.K. on the sales side in the fourth quarter. Again, as we said, as we start selling in the first quarter, you'll get a better shot of what that looks in the second quarter. But just to give you some rough numbers, the U.K. has traditionally, for the last 2, 3, 4 years has run behind CoStar Group at sort of growth rate percentages. So in 2010 and '11, they were flat or up or down just a tiny bit. In 2012, they're sort of in single digits, where CoStar has grown in double digits. So our goal for 2013 for the U.K. is to get them up to double digits. I mean, one thing we've been doing -- and so it's -- in the U.K., it's looking at the marketing services, which is growing at smaller growth rates at 10% to 11% versus the subscription businesses in the higher percentage rates. It's to look at all the pieces of the business and say, "How do we that? How do we get all the other pieces up to sort of where the big subscription thing is." So that applies to the U.K. So my goal is for the U.K. -- Paul Marples and Matt Green, if you're listening, is double-digit revenue growth, which we haven't seen in years and then, obviously, to continue that moving forward. And it's the same thing, I want to get the marketing piece up. I want to get the land sites and the BizBuySell. I mean there's a bunch of smaller pieces of our business, Virtual Premise, and I want to get them all up to sort of the higher growth rates. So anyways, I hope that gives you a little more color. 
Brian Radecki: Yes. And I think -- again, it's a -- I think we're still evolving that, but I think you guys heard some of the metrics here in this one. And it definitely will be on a subscription basis. It will be on premium members. So we're going to continue to give some metrics as -- some of the other metrics. But as they evolve, we'll evolve more. But I think that's where you look at -- 71% of the business is about the subscription-based services, and we want to move more of it there. So I mean, I want to see that number increase to 75% or 80% over the coming years. So I think those will be the metrics that we'll focus on, but we will still give user metrics and  explain, "Okay, well, here's what's happening in those user metrics," for example. The CoStar numbers and what we're doing with Showcase, we explain that. So I think -- I always tell people, "You have to understand what's happening in the metrics based on the decision we're making. I wouldn't necessarily take the metrics at face value." The other thing, just to point out, I'm glad to see that I'm not the only one up at all hours of the night when I saw your note there. But that -- I was pretty clear, I mean, as far as the revenue range, though I actually do think we're going to be in the middle of the revenue range. I know I saw your note that said, "Hey, they should be in the high end because they always beat it." We give a range so that we can be in the range and we definitely -- when you look at LoopNet historically, Q4 has always been very tough for them. We do have something that we know about as far as our RMS and small things. So we actually do believe we'll be in the middle of the range, and so that should be the expectation from people. I just want to throw that one in there because you're on the line. 
Brian Radecki: I haven't given 2013 guidance. But maybe I'll try to be a little more clear on that is that we gave $0.40 to $0.45 in the fourth quarter. If you look at 8 of the 9 or 8 of the 10 for CoStar Group transitions from Q4 to Q1, Q1 is always down and that's because we do the annual sales conferences. That's when everyone gets raises. You all have the high benefits. So that's sort of a given. So if my range is $0.40 to $0.45 in the fourth quarter, people can expect it to be lower by a few pennies in the first quarter in addition to the marketing service that we had. That should still be up, and I expect that to be up year-over-year when you compare it. And I expect each quarter next year to be up year-over-year. And I definitely expect going from Q1 to Q2, as I said, a healthy pace, expect to see growing net income. But the first quarter, if you just take -- if someone just says, "Here's number for the year," and I divide it by 4, you're going to be off in the first quarter because of that seasonality. So I was purposely pointing that out because I noticed models where people sort of just divided the number by 4. I think the annual numbers are -- I think people are sort of getting there. But I think that, that first quarter, I was trying to purposely point that out to people. 
Brian Radecki: It's similar with the revenue on the LoopNet. If people weren't paying attention on SIG [ph], why does Q4 look softer and it's not just -- it's a seasonality thing that's in their business. So I'm just trying to point those out people. 
Brian Radecki: And just to throw us some numbers on that trend, and I think that if you sort of look at the 9 months ended with allocations, we're at $6.6 million loss versus $2.8 million. I think once we release the product in the fourth quarter, we get through some of the marketing in the first quarter. I would expect to see the losses 1/2 over the next 4 quarters, which at least gives everybody a little something to model to. And then I think, obviously, based on the revenue growth, we'll be giving people more clarity on what the target date of breakeven. And yes, just like Andy said, I thoroughly believe it can be just as profitable as the U.S. and that's what we expect. I expect nothing less. So I mean, we will definitely put a time period on that. Probably, we'll have more clarity by the end of next year. But I think once we've sort of finished these initial marketing things, I think you'll see the cost get cut in 1/2 the following few quarters, just because product development sort of rolls off of that. And then we'll give you guys clarity on sort of the rest. 
Brian Radecki: Yes, it is. There's a lot of development allocation in there. And so once that stops at the end of this year, obviously, those loss numbers will be paired back fairly quickly. We do have some marketing that we've talked about that's going to be happening there. But that's why I would definitely expect by the time you get to the second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter, those numbers will be 1/2 of what you saw this year. And I think improving with revenue growth. 
Brian Radecki: You're sort of plucking that out of the air. Obviously, all of the sales numbers -- I mean, as Andy said, a lot of the core people were spent sort of training and cross-training and putting people on teams. So by the time they sold -- and I would say it was in the back half of the quarter so, of course, you'd only get the back half of the quarter revenue on that. So that number, maybe it seems a little bit high to me, but you're sort of plucking that one out of thin air. 
Brian Radecki: And again, Toni, I think what is was is aligning it. Exactly what Andy said, it's aligning with the sales activity. So we talked earlier about we have 350 salespeople, and Andy talked about moving over 100 of them to doing new things that they hadn't done before, teaming people up and training them. So I think the idea is, obviously, to have the marketing pieces going out and making sure that the salespeople are in place to capitalize on those activities versus just setting a bunch of marketing it out. But you're still then reorganizing sales forces and teaming people up. So it's just -- I think it's aligning the 2. And obviously, we think we'll see a much higher IRR and return on those investments by having the 2 aligned. 
Andrew Florance: So the -- it's probably a little bit of a view into how the sausage is made. It may not be terribly interesting. But the reality is that you've got a couple of sales people here who are putting in some really good numbers on this cross-selling. Once they figure it out, they're doing extremely well. And it's just the traditional sales plan there, and the other sales people are responding to that. But the other key here is that we've initiated this teaming effort, where we're taking more junior accounting execs and more senior accounting execs and building teams, where the juniors are keeping the demo flow going and handling installations, and where seniors are handling presentations and close activity. We have set a number of incentives where -- at different tiers where someone gets their first 120,000 of cross-sell annualized. They get a bonus that might be $10,000, and then there's some bigger prizes. They could escalate up to the $100,000 mark for the teams and individuals that hit these volume goals -- escalating volume goals. And then the one thing we've done last 2 years is we have given a market goal to the sales teams that has a very low 7-digit number to a set of team of 10 or 12 people split up. So you get both team and individual focus on trying to win these prizes, as well as just the traditional commission plan, which is quite adequate. On the flip side, the U.K., we're focusing on the rest of the year very heavily on deployment and usage objectives. And then in 2013, they'll be on the same plan as the U.S. On the LoopNet side, we have made some pretty significant changes and I really, really, again, stress I'm very pleased with the way they've sort of seen the big picture and are working toward this. But we are now -- we used to pay -- we did some calculations. And looking at the lifetime value, as I mentioned, selling premium lister to someone versus selling property comps. These are dramatically different lifetime values for the company, and yet they've often paid very similar commission values. We have dramatically shifted the commission plans to reward the sales teams for selling the premium lister products, which we think have longer staying power and more solid revenue. And we've kept stagnant or soft in the commission on the -- or actually, completely eliminated commission on things like property comps and property facts. So there's a fair amount of movement in all kinds of areas here occurring. 
Andrew Florance: Well, it's a good question. The beautiful thing about this is -- I'm probably seeing, I don't know, maybe 20 of these sales, I'm not sure. But I've seen a lot of them where I've gone in just different parts of the country and gotten a feel for what we're -- what it's like. And overwhelmingly, in my view, these are absolutely real career commercial real estate players. And when you migrate these players into CoStarGo and they adopt an inventory system with dramatically higher-quality content, research-verified, much more comprehensive, I believe that this is very sticky revenue. And I would expect that it would be in the same 90% renewal area. And so it's not that I have seen no indication that any of this stuff is onetime in nature, and some of the sales that you are seeing are things like Resolve, Virtual Premise in other areas. And that, by its nature, is extremely sticky, where you're doing lease managements and portfolio management with big implementation cost. So this is a continued philosophy of the company to pursue the long-term stable revenue and swear off things like telecom and vendor revenue, which comes and goes with the wind. 
Andrew Florance: Well, this is -- it's difficult to give you any sort of precise number just because the situation is new, and we would be able to give you a clear view of this after the first couple of months of selling activity. But the simplest terms, the product that's being offered in the United Kingdom is basically -- it's called FOCUS. It is described by the U.K. leadership as deeply unsexy. It is based upon, I believe, cold fusion. It was designed and built in late 1990s, early 2000, and I've been struck by what a piece of garbage it is. And so we're taking -- that's what people are going to be on. That's what people are on right now. And we're basically coming in with the iPad app, which some of our clients describe as they love -- I use the word "love" in that relationship with the CoStarGo. And so we've got book ends of product here. We've got radically different products. And so we're going to go in there, and we're going to look for -- they typically are paying dramatically less per person in the U.K. for our services, this old FOCUS system, than we are able to capture in the United States. And we're not going to try to get the U.S. pricing. If we did, we've would be wildly profitable in the U.K., I mean, like with very good penetration there. But we're trying to get reasonable, not overly aggressive, upgrade prices, and we'll be able to report the end of the first quarter. When we report first quarter numbers, we'll have some really good color on that. But I'm expecting a good result, but we'd see what it looks like with actual experience on the ground. 
Andrew Florance: What you'll see is probably more of a -- about shifting resources from headcount being allocated to -- shifting headcount allocation from approximately have lower value to approximately higher value. So 350 salespeople, still a pretty significant number. We will accelerate the distribution of those leads, particularly to those people who get it and are closing -- converting them sales. We'll accelerate those through the year. But realistically, there's no conceivable way that the sales force can actually get to all these people over the course of the next 3 years. And there will be also -- I mean, you can take your traditional  Geoffrey Moore, Crossing the Chasm kind of adoption curve. You're going to have your innovators early, early adopters, the early whore, that kind of thing. And it's going to be a 3-year process, I think, to sort move through these things at the very best. 
Andrew Florance: So the business -- I remember that we acquired -- it was a pretty small business. We acquired a number of very small businesses. There was a long period where we're migrating multiple software platforms together into one common U.K. platform. And then we embarked upon investing -- and as the business was profitable, we're sharing good margins in the U.K. And then we made the investments to quadruple the research in the U.K. -- quadruple the investment research in the U.K. in order to get up to the same standards of products we produce in the US. And then the next phase was to transition the old, tired software into the much more competitive, consistent international U.S. software platform with CoStarGo. Those were 2 very significant investments, which did not have an immediate return post Lehman Brothers. So now what happens is you launch these new products, you're going to begin to get -- you would expect -- you certainly would expect accelerating revenue. You also get declining expenses now because you have a surge of research that was occurring. You had dozens of additional researchers surging, and that temporary staff surge is coming off. And then you also have dozens of software developers who are allocated in the U.K. that start phasing off. And we would expect to have a very clear picture of the road to profitability. As you move halfway through the year, we can start talking about it. And it would happen -- and if you're familiar with the company over time, often when these things switch from investing mode to margin expansion mode, it surprises everyone how fast it goes. And I would absolutely expect the U.K. to have the same margin potential as the United States. It is a very sophisticated, intensely focused commercial real estate industry over there. And I don't -- and despite the fact that's $2 trillion-some GDP and there's a $14 trillion, $15 trillion GDP, your scale is in your software, and it becomes sort of like a California operation. And so I think it will have -- I still believe it will have good potential in the long run. 
Andrew Florance: Sure. We actually have analyzed that list to death. So you start out with a 6 million sum and you filter it down to 100,000 you're focused on. So we developed a whole -- we built and rebuilt that database, added all kinds of fields, doing characteristic usage patterns, the sorts of listings they have, the dollar-valued listings, estimate their commission earnings, all that kind of stuff. We developed scoring systems where -- for consistent, continuous use, plus having listings, plus time periods between accessing the system, all kinds of things, campus scoring system. We scored them from negative -- they ended up getting scores from -- the 6 million from negative 20 to positive 50, positive 50 being the most promising. And we were just focusing on the 100,000 are really the ones that are in the, I can't think exactly, maybe the 6-plus or 5-plus category. And of those, I think it's about 50/50, roughly 50/50, they're paying something or who have paid something over time. And we -- the leads we've been distributing to sales force to date are random. So we have not been -- we have intentionally not distributed the ones we scored 20s, 30s, the higher score onces, because we want them to confront the 5s and 10s and 11s and 12s first and learn what they're doing and then start to go to the higher value ones. 
Andrew Florance: Yes. And that's a combination of just continued to put more higher -- more of these higher scored leads, plus the salespeople figuring out how to do it. 
Andrew Florance: No. I think it's sustainable. And obviously, the goal is to continue to get more synergies and to obviously improve upon that. I do have the general counsel sitting next to me. So with the caveat, as long as there's no lawsuits coming in the future, but -- because that's where all the legal costs would go. But yes, I think -- he's laughing at my comment. But yes, I mean, I think, obviously, synergies, we're definitely -- somebody asked -- I think Bill started out with that question. We're doing much better on synergies than we anticipated. We're moving much faster on things. So obviously, we're seeing positive results that we think will continue, again, unless something else comes up that we're not aware of. 
Andrew Florance: A number of different factors. We have done several ways on -- like one of the things we're trying to do upfront is we're trying to differentiate or begin to reeducate the industry on what the key attributes of the brands are. So we're trying to reidentify LoopNet with marketing and CoStar with information. We did a series on marketing pieces. We've done several marketing pieces on the LoopNet side, some good pieces. But we just decided that the pace at which we could do all these changes to the sales force, we wanted to time some of the marketing programs closer to when they would actually be able to go out and meet with people and demo with people. So we -- the information branding pieces are being staged to go out just before the salespeople contact them to try to do the upsell rather than all at once in the fourth quarter. Also, we shifted a major marketing event from 2012 to early 2013, just because of -- schedules weren't working out. We wanted to make it a little more efficient. So it's nothing -- it's more a shift to several months. 
Andrew Florance: Yes. The vast majority of the people we're talking about here are already experienced commercial real estate information and marketing services salespeople. So it's more a question of them picking up new roles. And I would say that's probably a 3- to 6-month time period to really get where they're really up to speed and optimized. 
Andrew Florance: I don't think there was math. I think Todd asked the question if we thought there was $1 million in there, and I don't think we actually know the exact number. But as we talked about either the majority of the quarter was reorganizing the sales force and cross-training them. So I think a lot of the sales came in towards the back half of the quarter, which would mean only a small portion of revenue when they came in then, too. 
Andrew Florance: The annualized revenue for the 948. Yes, it looks -- $7 million or $8 million, somewhere in that range. 
Andrew Florance: Thank you. And with that, we will conclude this call, and thank you for joining us. And we look forward to hosting you on the next earnings call, which, I believe, is our CoStar Group's 50th earning call. So we look forward to talking to you then. 
