Andy Florance: Sure. So certainly Google has a full position on controlling renter flow, the majority of renter flow. In the online travel world the OTA’s like Bookings.com or Expedia has spent – invested large sums of money to build direct traffic that are independent of Google intermediation. You know frankly, while they have – those hotel OTA’s have taken a bit of a hit, they still have outstanding margins and very profitable businesses.  So you know we think that Google is a competitive factor there, growing revenue in the apartment space. People do make a decision between spending the money directly with Google or spending the money with apartments.com, but we believe we offer a number of advantages, have some strong client loyalty and we will continue to grow and thrive. And while we look at Google as providing a competitive element to the company, we also look at them as a very important partner and we believe that our investments into Google keywords and other initiatives with them has been very fruitful. So you know nothing in life is without some risk, but we feel comfortable with it. 
Andy Florance: So in particular you are talking about – we were talking about the runway for both of them. I was talking about the runway for CoStar and the runway for LoopNet. I plan to live for a very, very, long time and I will not live long enough to ever see the end of runway for either CoStar or LoopNet. So we just have – you know I’m back in the place where I'm feeling like our CoStar sales force is smaller than the opportunity they're selling into, because that CoStar sales forces is a CoStar and LoopNet sales force.  There is very high overlap between the people who we’re trying to sell CoStar to and to the people who would be – would benefit from marketing on a LoopNet. So very, very high overlap both ways. I would think I don't have a hard number on that, but I would believe it’s the majority.  Now, some of the new particularly valuable customers to us for CoStar – so an important area for us in CoStar is selling to owners that you know we are in the early stages of penetrating that opportunity, they have high value, they pay higher numbers for CoStar, but a great avenue to reach them is to provide a marketing solution for them in LoopNet that's unique, and new and different and allows us to build a relationship with them, and then ultimately to expand that relationship to ride them information analytics.  We believe that our offering is incredibly compelling to that owner universe on both sides. So I really mean that. I think it's a huge market. By the time we sell everybody in Czechoslovakia the CoStar subscription, we’ll be in like 2320. 
Andy Florance: I think the starts to really advise the cadence, particularly with the combined CoStar LoopNet sales force, and then later in the year your building that mid-market sales force. That's really what's different than maybe what we’ve seen in the past. Otherwise you know we typically see, second quarter be a very strong sales quarter, third quarter a little bit less than that, and I think like we saw this year, fourth quarter which we just proved in the LoopNet we can actually sell advertising in the fourth quarter which hadn't really been the case in the past.  I think both in Apartments and LoopNet you’ll see fourth quarter strong quarters, and I think technically it would be our second strongest quarter in Apartments. So the bill will go in the sales headcount in general and then the others regular seasonality patterns will hold up for the year. 
Andy Florance: Sure, so I don't think anyone ever taught me about phasing, we just do it all at once. Phasing is now. Sure, I’ll go on now. I mean we've been working on the I/O initiative for a long time, so that's been a year and a half or more of software development acquisitions and research. So we ran the first focus groups on that I/O product over two years ago in tweaking and adjusting the business model.  Now it's in the markets, its national and we're seeing great traction. We are seeing revenue growth from it, because people are opting in a really good clip to e-commerce purchase of Advertising theses individual properties, buying an add-on on apartments.com. So that will track through the year. We are going to watch it really closely and grow it. I have been out talking to a lot of leaders, the biggest clients in the multifamily industry over the last couple of weeks and I have been surprised by their interest in those leasing tools, and participating in those programs. So we are going to also focus this year on potentially enabling more of our larger customers to put the leasing tools on apartments.com, so people can initiate a lease from apartments.com directly into our clients’ back-end system.  So that would make that tool work throughout the spectrum. That would have a good impact on revenue throughout the year. One of the highlights for me last week was I was meeting with one of our biggest customers, the President of one our biggest customers, who manages hundreds of thousands of units. He just bought a very small 10 unit property for himself, as a gaag I guess, I don’t know, and he said he was shocked at when we got this property. He had no idea how to lease the property. He’s got thousands of people for his big business, but he doesn't have the leases on property. So he's actually becoming a client for our online leasing tools for small property owners, which is helpful as we try to move it upstream. So the mid-market, we're being careful there because we're launching a new sales model. It involves bringing on a lot of relatively new people, both at the line sales person and the manager doing something kind of new. So we want to make sure they bring their skill sets fully up to development before we start scaling the group. We want to be careful that it doesn't scale too quickly and that we lose control of quality and then struggle to bring it back.  So we're waiting till they're all up in producing at a good level and we’ve sort of worked out kinks and then we’ll begin slow a measured growth through the year there, but that really is a group that could go from 40 to 100, from 40 to 200, from 40 to 300 over time, as it has a good ROI.  Then how well that integrates in with what we are doing with the RentPath acquisition? Well, we had a lot of great products here with good growth and we are prospecting unfortunately a relatively – e-commerce solutions are working at the I/O side, but we are prospecting a relatively small percentage of our target market and with the RentPath acquisition that would bring more sales resources into our organization, for both selling as Apartment industry and then also into the other market places that we’re active in. So with the Apartments sales conference, one of things we did is, we began to present training materials on LoopNet in order to familiarize the Apartment sales team with that and we ended up a lot of interest with people who want to move in there. So hopefully we are able to close the RentPath deal and move some more people into the apartment side.  The other thing RentPath helps support us with is that it enabled us – RentPath – probably the most important thing RentPath does for us is it enables us to enter a completely new market to us and that is this I/O market place, so the URL Rent.com is very valuable, in particular in our relationship and partnership with Google to build great SCO around words that people tend to associate with renting a townhouse, a house or a condo or a walk-up unit in a property. So we'll use RentPath and rent.com in particular as a vehicle to enter this new, smaller property market in which we’re less than 1% penetrated right now. So that will be another helpful element to an acquisition there. 
Andy Florance: So we’ve had a bit of time now to really get into the hood and work with the STR team, to really understand the opportunity better, and I think the product strategy is very clear and concise now.  So STR has built a fantastic company, focused intensely on their relationships with the major hoteliers around the world, as well as the accuracy clean list and privacy of the benchmarking and the quality of how they do the benchmarking.  And where there's a tremendous opportunity is to take a whole set of the spare tools that STR provides and pull them together into one seamless login, one interface, one system using a lot of technology that CoStar Group already has available to us, and also integrate that with the analytics, market analytics, market search functions, forecasting, property level data that CoStar Group has, put into one solution and you know as I look at that opportunity, I am very confident that when we go through that process, that technology path, we can produce a product that the customers will love, that will be an absolute next generation solution and hospitality information.  How and when we monetize that exactly will evolve, but if you build a great product, that it’s magnitude of order is more powerful and useful, it will pay off. But one just you know tactical thing is, we'll be able to sell to the non-hospitality world, analytic solutions for people trying to appraise property, buy and sell hotels, great quality market data and our CoStar sales force will be able to carry that product, and there is just a lot of people in the CoStar sales force, so with just a lot more bandwidth that is a doubling factor right there. But I feel very good about what we have right now there, but it’s just a lot work and we don’t mind that. 
Andy Florance: I think we knew where he was going. He wanted to know if we had any insights on the booking momentum in the first quarter. Unfortunately we can't talk about booking or booking momentum in the first quarter until our first quarter conference call, which will be the third week or fourth week of April, Tuesday evening 5:00 PM and we’ll be happy to update it then. Sorry, can't say much more than that. 
Andy Florance: Okay. So in terms of how we incent the CoStar sales force on LoopNet production, I will take a shot at that. Its approximately 20% of their billing book, so whatever they've got billing in a given month they get approximately 20% of it. And they get an accelerator towards their rate that they earned on their CoStar side once they cross – I think it's 20,000 of monthly bookings and so that motivates them, that motivates them to quickly get to that base point.  And, I think it doesn't count towards Presidents Club and things like that, but it's enough, it's an interlinked systems that’s pretty attractive to them, and they'll be able to do quite well with it and as the do well, we’ll do well too.  And then the second question, it was not authorized to ask, but we'll answer it anyhow as we always do; leads scoring well. At this point we are – you know one of the elements that we initially pursued with the online leasing tools was the fact that we could do better lead scoring. I think that is a long term investment for us.  As we see more and more renters goes through our online application process and more and more people participate, we can help people understand right off the bat as they fill out their application, which other properties they are likely to qualify for or not qualify for. Just say, several at a time and help someone get to the right solution faster. And then you know that's sort of a win-direct way by educating the renter of scoring the leads coming in.  And untimely enough people are participating in this, especially as we meet the needs of millions of college students using off-campus partners and we try to bring these tools into that environment as students come out of university and began renting their first off-campus housing. We’ll build up a fair amount of information about those leads as they go into our clients’ inbox.  So the capabilities are there, but we're taking the long term on it. 
A - Andy Florance: But don't get excited, because there’s only tens of millions of opportunities down there in that segment. 
A - Andy Florance: Yes, so STR does have a really strong international footprint you know leading with their leadership team then for HVAC and the 9Vietnam. It’s a strong group and it's a great foundation to grow in.  You know what we're thinking about in 2020, I do not believe we’ll have a huge, negative financial impact to drag on earnings or a material one. What it's really about is acknowledging the fact that we now have 500 staff and tens of thousands of users outside of the United States in multiple and dozens of different countries. I think we have users in probably 60, 70 some countries at this point and so a lot of it is how we're thinking about providing the product and the service and delivering it.  So as we pull STR and CoStar together, it's going to be important that both of those platforms support users in dozens of countries. We want to continue the work we began with apartments.com and make all of our products polyglot [ph] ideally supporting both the English language and the local language in those products.  We also want to make the movement between viewing data in various countries as seamless as possible. So today a user in London or a user in Madrid may look at our product as being very local to that town, and we believe there would be value in just opening up that system. If they are subscribing to their local country, we would let them see the international network.  So that would be a pretty big change when an investment broker in London can see and compare a property in London, Edinburgh to a property in Toronto or Vancouver or New Mexico or Madrid. And so that will be the first big change and we think it will have a pretty positive impact. That's the way Bloomberg has segmented their products. If you are a Bloomberg client you can see all over the world.  We want to go that way, so people don't evaluate us as a single city player anywhere and that they can work in their native language. That's particularly valuable in investment sales area and in the analytics area where we think we can provide a lot of value. 
A - Andy Florance: Bill, do you want to get back in line?  With that we’ll end the conference call. Thank you very much for joining us. Next time we're hoping to get a 60 minute prepared remarks or maybe a 45 minute. Thank you very much. 
