Andrew Florance: Sure. What? Me, worry? The – that’s not what we worry about. So what it really is, it’s just sort of, again, I just think that in these high subscription base businesses, it’s important that you maintain close client contact across – as you approach $1 billion in revenue, you just want to make sure that you have good, solid relationships. And it’s not a reaction to any one particular thing, it’s just good business. And partially, as your sales increase, as you keep adding more customers faster and your salespeople can achieve really good production numbers on new sales, you’ve just got to make sure that you’re continuing to have a relationship with that bulk of hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue that have been in place for quite sometime. So that’s a big part of it. The other thing is, there are a number of really good clients who are using the LoopNet platform, either for information or information marketing, who are not using the CoStar property platform. There are tens of thousands of them. And these are good firms, and these are firms that we want to develop our relationship with them. When we acquired LoopNet, they had a mission statement which said: we never talk to customers after we sell them. And I mean literally, that was the mission statement. And that doesn’t really resonate with us. You should communicate with your customers. You should have a priority on customer service and relationship. So one of the things we’re trying to do is make sure that we are out there, and that we are supporting the LoopNet customers just in whatever they’re buying from us today. So that as we transition to much greater buying opportunities with our company, they will have good feelings with us, and that it will be easier to move through that process. So it’s a – some of these folks that this customer relationship management team are spending time on might be spending a couple of thousand bucks with us right now to get apartments CRM. But some might be spending a couple hundred dollars with us across a hundred brokers to use LoopNet Premium Searcher. Well, they are a client one way or another and that small client with a lot of potential might be spending $5,000, $10,000 a month more with us next year and we want to begin that process now, not at the time that we have a financial transaction in front of them. But again, it’s not a worry or weakness thing. It’s actually a strength thing. Like if you feel you’re in a great position, you want to bring your customers along and deliver all the value. And we’ve got that ability to do that, and that’s what we’re focused on. And I would say that the number of meetings we are having with customers right now on a daily or weekly basis is probably four times the number of meetings we were having the same time a quarter ago. So – and for any business, a lot of customer contact is a good thing.
Andrew Florance: Sure. And the very – so first of all, on the margin basis, remember that, we expect to be profitable in this space in the fourth quarter this year. And you can see that margin expansion. You can see that we’re able to show that margin expansion even with the Super Bowl ads and other ads running during the quarter. So we do believe that the margins are – the potential is excellent over the next three to five years, and that they are in line with the 40% ranges. We’ve talked a number of times about different size of markets in the $2 billion range. You have direct competitors, or fairly direct competitors in the billion-plus range right now. We believe that we can – we believe we are just about to cross one of our direct competitors and go from the second most revenue in the space to the most revenue in this space. And we think we can hold a significant share advantage in the multifamily space similar to the share advantage we hold in the ops industrial retail space. So and then, there is – so there is the very straightforward business we are talking about, which is the billions, $2 billion-plus business of driving renters into the leasing offices of these buildings. And that, we understand well, and we are making good progress on it. There’s a whole series of other ancillary businesses that we think are pretty exciting that are growth areas down the road. But the core is clear, addressable, and that’s what we’re really focused on, is harvesting that opportunity.
Andrew Florance: Yes, the big picture, it’s also just – it’s the season of cost control. So, we came through a – two major acquisitions, major conversions of products, pulling together of hundreds and hundreds of people from new companies into one combined team. We went through a major reorganization of our management structures and the way our departments are organized in the end of the fourth quarter. Our departments that have hundreds and hundreds of people, all have new leaders right now. And those leaders were given a mandate to understand why they had staffing that they had in different areas, and was it really necessary, or was it just an artifact and momentum of an old business model that no longer applied to the reality of the combined companies. And so, there was – it’s never pleasant, but there was a lot of focus on just rationalizing why do we have what we have here? And there were areas that – as the dust settled with all of these integrations and new product launches and efforts to move from number five to number one in the major new space, you would find something where you had a 4:1 manager-to-staff ratio, and you don’t need that. You can easily operate in 1:8. So just a lot of focus on that kind of stuff. And we don’t like to – the divisions, the segment presidents, or the product area presidents, we delegate and push responsibility to them to find these cost savings that didn’t hurt the business. And we have to see them produce them in yield though, before we really talk to shareholders about them. So it’s just been the management team with a little bit of shift in their bonus structure more towards EBITDA have delivered on more cost savings than we thought we could deliver on.
Andrew Florance: Yes, a lot of that is and I’ll answer and then I’ll let our CFO, Scott Wheeler, answer as well. So a lot of that is just – we’re very focused right now. We have a better value proposition for people trying to market their apartments on the Internet we – than our competitors do. And so we are trying to move a lot of long-established relationships into our apartment network. And as you do that, you go meet with these folks. They have never seen a one-year contract for apartment advertising. And I do think that once they are into a relationship with you, you can get the one-year contracts. But I do not want to give up share-shift opportunity for the optics of an earnings call of saying that the difference between our bookings and our subscription growth are close. I would rather have the revenue and the business and worry about the optics in an earnings call later. So it’s just a policy shift of saying, bring these folks on into a business relationship on whatever contract term. If we deliver for them, which I believe, we are doing for the overwhelming majority of the people we’re bringing onboard, then you can give them annual contracts on renewal that give them better pricing. So it’s more of a short-term tactic thing.
Andrew Florance: Yes. So internally, the way we look at it is, I’m very optimistic as to where we are right now across all three major segments that we look at. So on the CoStar side, we are moving a lot of resources that had been diverted into apartments sales back into the core CoStar business. The core CoStar business is doing really well, real strong performance there. And that is before we do two of the most important things we could possibly do to capture a lot of revenue, which is integrate LoopNet and CoStar, and expand the successful CMA product that came on the apartment side into all the market segments. So I see a lot of upside over the next two years on the core CoStar Suite. I feel really good about that. I see where that is, and I feel good about that. On the apartment side, we’ve gone through that challenging period where half your sales force was just trying to move people from print to electronic with no revenue gain. We have done the – made the hard decisions to shift the way territories are aligned, so that people are much more efficient in their day. And separated out the sales structure, so that you have a cleaner focus on apartments, and a little bit of growth in that apartments group. So I would expect acceleration in their sales over the next two years at a consistent and incremental basis with a little bit of investment occurring on customer relationship in the early part of the year, and then just getting to meet everybody. There’s thousands of – about tens of thousands of customers they have to meet. And then huge opportunity on the LoopNet side, just because that one frankly got short-shift in all the excitement of the last year, so in apartments and in CoStar core. And so that sales force has drifted down to a number that we’re not crazy about, mainly because the CoStar salespeople just were focusing on apartments, not LoopNet. So we are bringing more of a stronger, independent LoopNet sales force up to speed and with a very good return on investment, because it’s the old subscription model of – you take – you are going to have, no matter, if you take three steps forward, or 10 steps forward, you have two steps back, we’re sort of in the three steps forward, two steps backward on churn with LoopNet, adding one more salesperson, adding 25% increase in salespeople can, in theory, increase revenue growth by 50%. So lot of things going on here that we’re really investing on Q4, Q3, Q1 of next year. We’re doing a lot of things just to ensure consistent strong growth over the next three to four years.
Andrew Florance: Yes, well, we’ve gotten terrific share gains in that space without a doubt. And I don’t have – I do not have actual competitor numbers, but I have an idea. And my belief is, is that, we have sold maybe twice some of the traditional competitors’ entire revenues this year in the space. So I would call that a really good share gain, if you can sell their whole revenues once or twice in the year, and it’s really just the beginning. So the product is real. It works. We have – we’ll continue to evolve it, refine it. It’s on version 1.1, or 1.12 maybe. We’ll continue to push it. We’re doing – I was very happy with where it’s going overall. And our sales force is very excited about it. Our sales force is finding good traction with it. So we’re really in the very early stages on that. And I think we just have a big fundamental advantage in the fact that we are – the most heavily traffic website for people shopping for apartments. So that collects a lot of information in search behavior, that’s very valuable to our customers. For example, some cool stuff we’re doing with the product right now, that no one else can do is, people traditionally try to understand who their apartment building competes with by looking at similar-rated buildings within two miles of their apartment building. And that would be a very simplistic way to look at it. We have nearly -- we have a billion searches – a billion property views on our system in 2015. We know exactly who your competitor is, like no one else knows. So when someone looks at a one bedroom in your community, we know exactly what other one bedrooms they tend to look at when they consider your community. And it’s not similarly rated communities within one mile, it’s actually it could be someone eight miles down the highway that you’re competing against, and you don’t know it. And only we can really tell you that in CoStar Market Analytics. So we have a very unique product, and we’ll continue to surface these kinds of advantages in the product. And I think we will do incredibly well. So, we have to keep evolving it, because you’re – it’s a complicated business. And we’re getting more nuanced and we’re tweaking it. But all good. And what part of the question? I forget, because I was having fun there.
Andrew Florance: Okay. And we just published a paper in American Real Estate Society about our correlated filter peering of competitors. And I hope we do – we win an award for it. We’ll see.
Andrew Florance: I wouldn’t address this – I would not say there is a concern with growth rate. We’re at the upper end of the range on big numbers. So we’re – there’s LoopNet like, it’s actually really strong with upside potential – significant upside potential, as we just showed in the UK, as we integrate the LoopNet and CoStar families together. I think I’m very optimistic about what that means. So we are hitting it on all cylinders, and the brokerage business is strong, as well as the owner and the institutional component. Our sales force always likes to go to the institutional and owner, because they are typically bigger-dollar contracts up front. If I were to look at a crystal ball over the next 18 to 24 months, I think just because of the conversion with LoopNet, I think there will be a surge of brokerage sales over the next 18 to 24 months, which is why I invested in putting the 50 more customer relationship people to prepare the field for that surge. And we’ll probably grow that group maybe to 80 people over the course of the year. So it’s good. It’s good, it’s good, and it’s good, and it’s all good, and it’s all good. So, there’s nothing I’m aware of that is bad. It’s good. So, okay, but I think with that, I think we’re all set here. We’ll wrap up, and we’ll get the call done before we get to 12:15. Thank you all very much for joining us, and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Bye-bye.
Scott Wheeler: So let me just make a few comments to that, Andre. The components of the better cost performance were really two broad areas. Obviously, we are all about marketing spend as a big category, and then all of the personnel-related costs. And there’s a number of other costs in the business, but they are not as big as those ones. When you first – I mentioned the marketing spend, we had about $3 million or so that didn’t get spent in the quarter and they’ll move off into later in the year. And those just were better performance in some of the things we did, and some things that will be timed better later on. We also had some really good cost performance late in the quarter that we don’t see recurring again. I mentioned those combined were about $6 million, that will shift out and not help us later. But then when you saw the ability to manage the headcount effectively and find more synergies in the business and the hiring plans that we had didn’t need to be as aggressive as we thought they would be when we went into the quarter. So those things helped us both lift the gross margin side of things and keep the personnel costs well down. And those really are the major components that gave us that. When you look going forward, we’ve obviously improved the cost picture that we expect in Q2 and the guidance that we gave. And then we left the second-half with some investments that we need to continue to make. As Andy mentioned, as we find productivity, we need to put some of that money back in over the second-half of the year, which we’ve provided for now. So we continue to find more opportunities. We continue to integrate. We’ll continue to use those and shift them around. So we feel good about the balance of where we are with the costs and we’ll always shoot to outperform those as we go forward.
Scott Wheeler: The changes from quarter to quarter on our annualized net sales versus our total net bookings numbers, they’ve both been in the sort of 25 to 30ish range over the last four quarters for each. And the noises in the apartments things that Andy mentioned, the CoStar Suite pieces continue to be strong and advance, as they have for many years. So I think once we get – once we start getting past the annualization of the apartments businesses being combined, the sales forces having their focus on customer retention, as well as growth, and you start to see these stabilize more, you’ll see less of these sort of $4 million to $5 million up and down swings sequential quarters. And you’ll see them start to stabilize more. But that $30 million overall net new number is a great number. We expect to continue to see that going ahead.
Scott Wheeler: Yes, let me cover the numbers real quick just to reiterate the net new bookings was $30 million in the quarter. And the net new on annual subscriptions was $25 million.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. And we looked at quarters before, the net bookings were back up to the $30 million. So, again, you get this shifting noises between, as the apartments pieces settle out, and that’s what’s causing some of that volatility.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. So the net new bookings has all of the new contracts obviously that we bring in during any given period, and then it takes the churn of clients that we lose or things that go away out of it. So you get this net number that we first look at on a quarterly basis, and then we do the annualization to get to those numbers in total. And then we look at it obviously by the different business sectors we have and watch how those numbers progress through the quarters. And those also advise our decisions on what’s happening in the market, where we deploy our sales forces and our different resources to go after the – both the opportunities and the impacts they’re having. Keep in mind that we – as we started to move things when you get back to the annual contract ones, you start to move things to annual contracts. We’ll start to lap the full year when we started doing that for the apartments. So you’ll start to see clients, for the first time, renewing annual contracts coming up here in the next quarter or so. So there’s still going to be noise in these as we go for a couple quarters on this.
Scott Wheeler: To cover the – sorry, to cover the guidance part of that question in the CoStar Suite sector a 11% to 13% is the growth rate we expect going forward. In the first quarter, we were at 12.5%, as we mentioned, so pressing the upper end of that. We expect that to continue to press the upper end, as Andy mentioned, going forward for the rest of the year. On the Apartment side, we said 20% to 25% pro forma growth. For the outlook for the year, we get 24% in the first quarter. We expect to say solidly within that middle part of that range for the rest of the quarters of this year. So that’s really where the guidance is, and it’s all very strong and positive.
Scott Wheeler: Well, I think, we’re – well, I think as we continue to watch the net news come in and we watch the annual subscriptions each quarter, they are strong, they continue to grow. We want to see them accelerate for the rest of the year. We’re going to watch that progress. We think there’s a good chance that we continue to progress and move forward. But at this stage in the year, we want to just keep our forecast in a modest, but optimistic range, and move forward and see how they go.
