Andrew C. Florance: Thank you very much, Rich, and thank you, everyone, for joining us for our third quarter 2016 financial results call. We had another strong quarter with profitable revenue growth. Revenue in the third quarter grew 12.5% year-over-year to $213 million. On a pro forma basis in the quarter, revenue grew 14% year-over-year. CoStar Suite revenue in the quarter was up 13% year-over-year with multifamily revenue in the quarter growing 22% on a pro forma basis. We continue to see tremendous momentum in our business, and our services continue to lead in each of their respective verticals. During the quarter, you can clearly see that we've made significant progress growing margins as we emerge from successful investments we made in 2015. EBITDA margin was 27% in the third quarter of 2016 versus 12% in the same quarter last year, more than double. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 32% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 19% in Q3 of 2015. I – sorry, Scott. I stole the next sentence from you. We generated $58 million of cash during the third quarter – I just had to say that.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. So when we acquired Apartments.com, they had the smallest sales force in that industry. And it was – and relative to the investment and the improvements we were making in the software and the branding of Apartments.com, it was too small to be appropriate for what we were doing. So we leveraged a very strong CoStar sales force and pulled them in, and they began leading a lot of the sales efforts for Apartments.com. But that means you are, to a certain degree, robbing Peter to pay Paul. You're taking people – good resources off of your flagship products and move in Apartments, and we were able to continue growing both while we're doing that. But as we begin to stabilize, and as we've begun to build up our dedicated Apartments resources that are not coming from CoStar, we wanted to move the CoStar sales team back out of that Apartments focus in preparation for what we think is going to be the huge selling event for the next several years, which is the LoopNet and CoStar integration. And so we are – as a sales organization, we are probably a little more intense than the average sales organization. And so we're in the process of building up an Apartments team that's a little bit more in our mold of folks that want to earn more and work harder, and that's a transition period. We're achieving it. We've now built up a much more robust management team then was there when we acquired these companies. We are having no trouble hiring people. We are filing up these slots very quickly. And I have confidence that we will enjoy the benefit of two strong sales forces, two strong relatively independent sales forces in 2017, one that is completely adequately staffed to capture the opportunity on the Apartment side and one that's prepared to executing the opportunity on the LoopNet up-sell and that makes me feel very optimistic. So – and we're not – growing sales forces is not new to us. We're – that's one of our core competencies and we're just executing on that.
Andrew C. Florance: Okay. So, let's just look at this as phase one and phase two. Phase one, and phase one began immediately after we acquired LoopNet several years ago. That was the first time we were able to see who some of these very intensive users of commercial real estate information were that we, prior to the acquisition, did not know about. So we put a lot of focus on our sales force to go in and try to upsell those high-value users. And we were extremely successful. We upsold, I believe, about 10,000 users $80 million. The typical upsell was about 500% what they were paying for LoopNet versus what they would pay for CoStar. So it was very successful, and it really delivered for us for a while, and it really exceeded investor expectations. At the end of phase one, it became clear that the next phase, in order to optimize what you could pull from this revenue opportunity, you really need to create that one database. You need to make sure that there was nothing in the LoopNet system of value that someone wouldn't get if they spend significantly more to go into CoStar. That is no small feat, that integration effort. You're dealing with millions and millions of properties that you have to resolve and integrate. And in addition, we wanted to be very respectful of every element or potential element of our FTC agreement, so we wanted to wait until after that first three-year period before we really started to do that. And at the end of that period, the opportunity with Apartments.com came up, and we frankly shifted our focus on software – put a lot of software resources on what has clearly been an outstanding investment. As we have completed the integration of Finder and Apartments.com, we now can shift towards the integration of that backend database, and that tees us up for Phase 2. And Phase 2, I believe, is more significant than Phase 1. And we'll be able to seamlessly electronically market to people who are these 430,000 users. We'll be able to show them exactly the differences between what they're using and what they could be using. We divide them into 24 different customer profile or user profiles. We'll be serving up specific marketing content and retargeting to them around those profiles. And I believe that we have the opportunity to sell significantly more than we did in Phase 1. But preparing for Phase 2 has been a patient process involving a lot of technology and a lot of data flow modeling, but I look forward to when we can begin to pursue that in mid-2017. And as we do that, we'll be able to report to folks some of the progress we're making in the summer of next year, but it won't really majorly move the dial in revenue recognition in the middle of the year. It will be more so when it kicks in the third and fourth quarter – first quarter of the following year. But we'll be able to clearly communicate the upsell activity we have, just the way we did in Phase 1 where we're giving you real good stats on that.
Andrew C. Florance: I'd love to – so, Sterling, I think you could achieve it on the revenue side, but I do want to remind everybody that CoStar has shown again and again and again that we are able to reduce costs after an investment initiative. We are very good at that. I think we get credit for that. So it is possible that costs could come down post-integration. But that isn't necessary in order to achieve that 40%. But given what we're doing, our number one priority is we're going to move any and all ammunition required up to the front and to support the offensive next year is what we're doing. And then we would expect to complete it next year and then move on to the next thing. And then the second part of his question? It's horrible when asked compound questions to avoid the one-question rule, and then I forget the second one, do you remember the...
Andrew C. Florance: Right. Well, thank you. What you said, yeah, for sure, right? So the reason we are making the investments we're making is because we believe that they have outsized returns. And we would expect that as that sales force grows on the apartment side, that trailing maybe six months of deployment at a new hire steady state, you would see material – you'd see increases in sales associated with those folks. So per person productivity is really quite good there. On the LoopNet integration side, we clearly believe and are reiterating and saying for everyone to hear that we believe that you'll get really significant sales off that upsell. We think that is what's going to happen. But we also know that as you discontinue the low dollar sales to replace them with high dollar sales, the discontinuation is upfront and then the upsells are trailing that. So, yes, we certainly – someone would have to have a complete lack of imagination if they were to think that we are just shifting our margin expectations for the business. We're not.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, there is a lot of M&A potential out there. There are probably a dozen different opportunities that we are tracking and watching and engaging with. But realistically, we're interested in doing things at a little more scale. And given the efforts we've got going right now with the LoopNet integration, we wouldn't want to be distracted from that effort. We want to complete that before we do larger deals. But there are, just like Apartments.com had a lot of intersections and parallels vertical to the things we were doing and we're good at, there are many other opportunities similar to that. But again, like right now at this very moment we've got 110 software developers working on the LoopNet integration. So that we're sort of focused on that. We're focused on that.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. So some of that, about $10 million, $11 million is Property Comps, Property Facts which is a service we're just going to discontinue in 2017. So that's something where people are paying as little as $20 a month to have a product that we normally – that's a low quality comparable sale product that would compare with something that we normally charge several hundred dollars a month for. So that $10 million will disappear pretty quickly, and we anticipate that we'll be able to recapture most of that in the course of the following 12 months or so into CoStar Suite subscriptions. The other revenue on Premium Searcher, which is close to the $37 million will not immediately tail off because we will continue to provide those Premium Searchers with access to a little bit more content in the LoopNet site. And much of that revenue will tail off in the process of a conversion sale. So, if someone's paying $70 a month for Premium Searcher, that Premium Searcher will discontinue when we move them into a CoStar property subscription, typically a $500-and-some a month. So that revenue will sort of – we'd like to see most of that revenue be one-to-one upgrade to activity. So that should be a little smoother. But the property comps and property facts drop-off will be a little more immediate in that $10 million in the second quarter.
Andrew C. Florance: Great. Well, thank you very much for joining us for the third quarter earnings call, and I look forward to updating you at, wow, year-end. Thank you very much.
Scott Wheeler: It will be soon. So, as Andy mentioned, we're pleased with our performance in the third quarter of 2016. So let me provide a bit more color around the results in addition to what we already communicated in the third quarter press release which we issued yesterday. And my comments will focus on the financial results, performance metrics, and then our outlook for 2016. With regard to our financial results, revenue in the third quarter of 2016 was up 12.5% over prior year, which translates into a 14% growth rate on a pro forma basis. The pro forma results include the revenue from Apartment Finder for 2015, which is net of the revenue streams that we eliminated such as FinderSocial. Breaking down our revenue performance by services, we're very pleased with the growth in CoStar Suite of 13%, which is 14% year-over-year excluding the effects of foreign currency movements.
Scott Wheeler: In constant currency terms, this is 200 basis points higher than the comparable year-over-year growth rate of 12% in the third quarter of 2015 and a full 300 basis points higher than the comparable growth rate of 11% we achieved in CoStar Suite in the fourth quarter of 2015. This acceleration of the growth rate in 2016 is a result of continued strong sales of CoStar Market Analytics and the shift in focus of our 200 plus person info salesforce back to selling information products following the Apartments integration that Andy mentioned. With this strong performance, we believe CoStar Suite will continue growing towards the upper end of the 12% to 14% range that we've communicated for the fourth quarter. The information services revenue which is approximately $19 million per quarter, grew in the low single digits in the third quarter as expected. You recall that information services includes the revenue from our LoopNet information products which we are not actively selling in advance of our planned integration of LoopNet and CoStar. Accordingly, we expect the revenue growth rates in information services to turn negative in the fourth quarter of this year. In multifamily, our revenue increased 17% year-over-year, which is 22% on a pro forma basis in the third quarter, adjusting for $2 million of discontinued revenue from 2015. For the full year, multifamily revenue growth is expected to be in the 20% to 25% range that we previously communicated. For the fourth quarter, we expect the multifamily revenue growth rate to be slightly below 20%, primarily as a result of lower multifamily sales in the second and third quarters of 2016 as we work through the sales force transitions and increases that Andy mentioned. Going forward, we expect the long term sales levels to improve in multifamily as a result of the increased sales head count and our sale force productivity effort. Rounding out our service performance, commercial property and land services grew 10% year-over-year in the third quarter and remain in the low double-digit growth range that we expect for the year. Our gross margins came in at 80.2% in the third quarter, a high watermark for the company. The vast majority of our cost of revenues relates to our research operations, which we are expanding with the recent announcement of our new research center in Richmond, Virginia. Beginning in 2017, the net research investment is expected to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million per year. Accordingly, we would expect gross margins to moderate in 2017 into the 75% to 80% range as we scale up our team in Richmond. As Andy mentioned, there are a number of important benefits we expect to realize from expanding our research capabilities in Richmond. First, is we're out of space in our existing centers, expanding our facility in Richmond cost less than half of what it would have cost to expand here in Washington D.C. In addition, the cost of living in Richmond is almost 50% lower than Washington D.C. which allows our employees an improved lifestyle, which we believe will result in lower turnover and a longer tenured quality workforce. Finally, our incentive package from the state and local government is valued at over $10 million, making Richmond an attractive solution. .
Scott Wheeler: Our operating expenses are down $5 million year-over-year as a result of previously announced plans to reduce marketing and advertising spend and from lower head count levels as a result of the integration of Apartment Finder. Seasonal marketing expenses are expected to decline further in the fourth quarter partially offset by higher personnel cost in the areas of sales and customer service. As a result of our continued strong revenue growth and cost management, our third quarter adjusted EBITDA reserves are favorable to the third quarter guidance range we've provided in July by $5 million at the midpoint. Now, let's take a look at some performance metrics for the quarter. At the end of September 2016, we had 665 salespeople, an increase of around 80 people from the end of June 2016 and up 155 people from March of 2016. We added sales resources across all of our major service areas; the largest increase in our apartment sales force. We expect these higher sales staffing levels will produce a positive tailwind in net bookings in the coming quarters. As Andy mentioned, we added $26 million in net bookings in the third quarter of 2016 along with annualized net new sales on annual subscriptions of $24 million. We continue to see strong net booking levels in the CoStar Suite while net bookings in Information Services are down year-over-year consistent with the second quarter of 2016 as we prepare to sunset the LoopNet information product in 2017. We expect these headwinds will continue through the rest of 2016 and into the first part of 2017. Our cross-selling efforts of LoopNet users to CoStar is expected to result in increased bookings in the second half of 2017 with the resulting revenue contributing to growth beginning in 2018. I'll now discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2016. With only one quarter remaining in the year, we're tightening our revenue guidance range around our previous midpoint of $837 million. Our updated full-year 2016 revenue range is approximately $835 million – $838 million, which represents pro forma annual growth in the upper end of the 13% to 14% range we previously discussed. Our fourth quarter revenue range of $216 million to $219 million implies a year-over-year growth rate of 12% to 13%. This will be the first quarter without pro forma adjustments related to the Apartment Finder acquisition. We continue to see positive trends in our expense profile and are again raising our full-year 2016 non-GAAP earnings per share outlook. Our revised range of $4.20 to $4.25 per diluted share is an increase of $0.13 at the midpoint compared to our previous outlook. For the fourth quarter of 2016, we expect non-GAAP net income per diluted share in the range of $1.23 to $1.28. For the full year 2016, we expect to deliver adjusted EBITDA margin of around 30% which represents a significant increase over the 19% adjusted EBITDA margin of 2015. Moving forward, we expect to increase the level of investments we are making in key areas of the business to support future growth, such as the expansion of our sales teams, adding to our product development capabilities, and the recently announced research center investment in Richmond. As a result, whilst it's too early to give any detailed guidance for 2017, we expect minimal expansion in our adjusted EBITDA margin in 2017 compared to 2016, while we remain confident and committed to our long-term margin expansion target of exiting 2018 at 40% adjusted EBITDA margin, we don't expect the path between here and there to be a linear one. Overall, we'll continue to focus on investing to deliver profitable revenue growth, and I believe, we are increasingly well-positioned to achieve revenues in excess of $1 billion in 2018. With that, I will now open the call for questions.
Scott Wheeler: Yeah. Sure, Brandon. As we go through our planning process, which we're doing now and we'll finalize our specific 2017 plans as we get into December, we'll definitely have a lot more to share with you in February on what that curve looks like. I think what we wanted to do today was, as we've obviously pushed very hard on the margin pedal this year and seeing that major growth, that we need to do some of these investments to underpin the growth rates in the future. So we don't want the expectation to be that's going to be this straight line between here and the 40% at the end of 2018. Now what we do expect is that the seasonal margin pattern that we see in the business, particularly driven by marketing and advertising, will continue next year where you have your highest margins in the fourth quarter, you have your lowest margins in the second, then on the first and the third, end up somewhere in between that. We think the margins we've achieved this year are certainly sustainable with the investments we plan to make. We think they will probably move forward a little bit next year. Exact basis points, we haven't set that number. But we just wanted to make sure that there wasn't the straight line between where we are today and there and that we're going to pause that straight line and reduce it a bit into next year and then we'll see a return to accelerated margin improvement in 2018.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. So when you look at the guidance, as we said, we're tightening up the range for the rest of the year. As this business continues to grow bigger and bigger, we look at $0.5 million movement around the midpoint, up, down, in the middle. I just don't think we should read much into that as you look at the pace and the growth of the business. The strength that we're seeing in CoStar, we obviously expect to continue, and that's a very positive thing. We'll see the revenue rates that I mentioned in the fourth quarter of apartment slightly below 20%, and then a bit of the headwinds from info solution. So you're going to see a little bit of lumpiness in there like we've talked about last quarter over the next quarter or so, but we're still very confident about the long-term trajectory of the growth of the business, and the improvements that we're making are going to deliver that type of revenue growth.
Scott Wheeler: Yeah. And that'll happen in midyear, so you'd expect half of that revenue and half in next year and then half kicks over in the following year of 2018.
