Andrew C. Florance: It's all 100% traditional field now. So they're basically out and -- we designed a new territory structure to handle 220-some territories in the field, responding to where the demand is in the market. And so there's 195 of these territories being filled. And they're not HQ AEs traveling sort of hybrid inside sales. And that -- this is not an insignificant effort. So we have -- we are doubling the number of managers out in the field, and we've been hiring at a pretty good clip there, some internal promotions. And then we also have been conducting the most training, I think, we've ever conducted for our sales force over the last 3 or 4 months. So both LoopNet cross-selling techniques, PL selling techniques, training around the new products and the new financial modeling and then also just bringing in the new folks and new managers and getting them up to speed. For big picture, we're marching towards the goal and it feels pretty good.
Andrew C. Florance: [indiscernible] Now the -- on our kind of our key growth areas, lenders, banks, institutional investor, owners, we're still single digit penetration, retailers, still single digit penetration. So this is really building a dramatically better product in order to capture more LoopNet upsells, capture more penetration in these new markets, something like multifamily information opens up a whole new segment for us. So prior, again, if you were a major lender, there was a pretty big hole in the CoStar offering that didn't cover apartment buildings. And we've now got that box checked and that opens us up to a lot of new business we couldn't really go for before. The lease analysis tool is something that creates some interesting opportunities down the road. So the more of the user content you can manage and the closer you can get from -- as you can move from being a data source or an information source to actually being a platform that your customers are using to negotiate on, changes the dynamic and also moves you up the line of real-time data. And this gives you a much stronger product, which I think will give us a more valuable product for owners and institutions to use and a whole range of things you could charge for down the future. But right now, we want to get a platform that we could get massive adoption on. So if we can pick up half of the brokers in the industry using our financial modeling tool, it becomes a standard. And then that allows you to move into other areas from a standard bearer position. So it's really a penetration into new markets and setting the platform for new revenue opportunity, like completely new products you'll sell.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, you certainly don't increase productivity when you double your sales force in the short term. So you -- we strongly believe in what we're doing, doubling the sales force like -- it will be negligent not to build a larger sales force to deal with the opportunity we have here. But the process does not increase your productivity. All these new people coming in come in at a much lower productivity level than the established sales people. And as you promote some of your best performers into some management roles or above average performers to the management roles, and as you also move into mentoring roles, your productivity would expect to move sideways for 2 quarters, 3 quarters where you get to your goal of 225. But big picture, as I look at the numbers on individual performance, you still have a remarkably stable production level. We have maybe 5 super performers in the company and then, probably 75% of our sales or 80% of our sales are coming from 50%, 60% of sales force. It's unusual for sales force, it's actually remarkably balanced, with these new sales people dragging the tail down as we would expect and we've seen in the past.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, I would emphatically say that I don't think we're nearing any sort of a slowdown in the LoopNet cross-selling activity. That -- I expect close rates to go up and I expect to be able to keep that going at a stable pace for another 2 years, at least. So it is solid, and we're just now really getting our sales force really to the productivity level to be able to do that sale and delivering the technology tools they need to assist them in it. And we really haven't yet brought the sales force to bear on the full potential of the PL side of LoopNet business, which is the marketing and advertising side of their business. So we're -- I think, we are in the second inning of the whole LoopNet thing, and that might be easily second inning.
Andrew C. Florance: How much do we expand our TAM? It's -- I'm looking at the same market. So I'm looking at, in the last 2 years, we went from 2.6% of the retailers buying our product to 3.6% of the retailers buying our -- and we added hundreds of them. Our owner penetration rate went from 5% to 10% -- 5% to 7%. So I always have believed that you're talking a multibillion dollar opportunity and what these products do is just better position us to get the kind of penetrations, rates we think are possible in these, just really attractive, solid markets like the lender banking, institutional owner, the retailer, even corporate America. So we've achieved 80% penetration rates among the biggest brokerage firms, or the large brokerage firms, or mid-to-large brokerage firms. And we're moving the dials on these other 4 or 5 segment, but we haven't begun to move them like we move the brokerage. And that's what this is really all about. So potentially, you add $100 million plus by moving solidly into the multifamily. And the financial modeling tools is a -- easily $100 million there. But again, the real thing is, we know what this market opportunity looks like. We have very -- we have great growth rates, very low penetration in 4 sectors we think are huge. And it's going to move us down the line faster. And again, address the problem of the 98% renewal rates for customers 5 years or over.
Andrew C. Florance: So I haven't talked to Brian about it, but I believe that his numbers for next year probably include below average production levels for the 225 field sales people. And so the way you get upside is that the field sales people perform at average.
Andrew C. Florance: Correct. And it's a modeled number. I mean we look at these leads, and we run assumptions against them and say, what do we think the real addressable folks are in that market? So the number is over 100,000. It was 140,000 using the same consistent model we've been using over time. The important takeaway is that despite the fact that we were able to cross sell so many people into CoStar, the size of the pool of prospects grew on us. So we weren't upselling them as fast as we were getting new ones, which is probably a result of the recovery. You get more people reentering commercial real estate, and so we're not able to upsell them. Again, it's part of why we're growing the sales force.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, the Fusion platform suite, historically, we've had an awful lot of customers who were buying just COMPS or just Tenant or just Property or Property Express or even look at LoopNet as a continuum of our product line, so LoopNet Premium Searcher. What Fusion does is it creates more and more reason for these folks to step up to the suite level. And as they do that, you're -- they're coming up 50%, 75% in pricing. So the pricing schedule, obviously, based on number of shops, national, local, is just incredibly -- it's too complex to have a quick answer that's one-size-fits-all answer. But typically, you're going to get a lot more accounts going up 50%, 75% as they go from buying one of our products to buying the suite application. And then the other thing that's occurring here is this release is probably the last release that is a generic one-size-fits-all CoStar Suite. The next release will probably have the system divergent to a one product that's addressed towards brokers and then another product, which looks very similar but has different functionality, that's addressed to lenders and owners. So this is the last generic release or one-size-fits-all release. When that owner institution release comes out, it will probably be at an ARPU of 4x the average of the broker version.
Andrew C. Florance: That will be definitely 2014. And know that someone at -- probably 80% of the people of our customer base subscribes to CoStar already. And I'm going to just guesstimate that the 20% that do not, they're multifamily players. So now, they will be an audience that will probably want to subscribe to CoStar Property. When we launched the owner version of CoStar, we will be bringing the capabilities of the PPR web product and to merge it with the CoStar product, and they'll be a one-stop shop, which we hear from our customers, they'd like to see. They'd like to be able to get the forecasting analytics screen tools in the same environment as they get the micro detailed data and leasing proposals and so and so forth. so we'll be -- the CoStar owner product will not include the advisory services, the access to analysts, the briefings. But it will have the same functionality as the PPR website integrated in the CoStar website.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, thank you everybody for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you on our progress in about 3 months -- 3.5 months, perhaps more. Well, thank you very much, everybody.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, and Brandon, that -- I'm just reiterating what Andy said. The 190 is pure in the field. The overall sales number is over 350, which would include all the other pieces, the verticals, inside sales and all that. So that number continues to move up. We expect it to be over 200 by the end of the year. And again, it's all part of the plan we've been discussing the last few quarters.
Brian J. Radecki: And so, Brandon, just to add on to that. Yes, I mean, so clearly, productivity per rep is going to be sideways or down, I think, for most of the year, because we're going to be continuing to add people through the end of the year, we will continue to add field sales people next year. But obviously what that does is it gives us the opportunity, obviously, to grow, continue to grow that net new by adding people and then the following year as you move into '15 an '16, then to continue to have more net new, because then your productivity should then be moving up as you stabilize that and move forward. So I think it gives you a 2- or 3-year window what we're doing, sort of at the end of this year and into next year, it drives things for another 2 or 3 years.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes. And I will add on to that, I mean, I think that what it's tied to is what we've been talking about. We didn't have a big enough sales force. So now we closed the deal, 1.5 years later, we've done 19,000 demos. So we've gone out once and demoed 19,000 people and we talk about 100,000, 140,000 prospects. We just don't have enough sales people. So I think it's -- everything is sort of tied together. We need to continue to grow the field sales force. It's quite a process to actually take this field sales force and double it because then you have to redistrict everything. And I think we're in the process of doing that. And so I expect that cross-sell to continue for honestly a decade. I mean, think about it, it's been 1.5 years. We've gotten through 19,000 of 140,000 or whatever, 120,000 potential prospects. So I think that goes for a very, very long time.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes. I mean, I think nothing has changed. I've been talking about it for 3 or 4 quarters. So I mean, I think nothing has changed there. But my view is taking that out, I mean, looking at Q2, Q3, Q4, yes, we'll be growing mid-teens sort of year-over-year. And again, factoring in whatever the seasonality numbers are, I mean, you know actually the LoopNet business better than anybody. So like when I talk about Q4, you know basically from Thanksgiving to the end of the year, the LoopNet marketplace is just slow. It has been every year for the past x amount of years. It then comes back stronger in Q1. So I think sort of x some of the things...
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, Andy is correct. We did. Last year, fourth quarter was unbelievable. So anyways, I think that next year is a great -- I think it's a pivotal year from product development, finishing the back end integration, sales force. But you look at, we're still planning on growing revenue and earnings very, very nicely next year while completing what I think is a lot of significant things, which really set the company up for, like I said, it's not just about 1 year, it's about '14 -- it's about '15, '16, '17 and being able to run in that double-digit mid-teens growth and not just -- I'm not just thinking about 33.6% margin this quarter, I'm not just thinking about the first quarter of 2014. I'm thinking about getting to 40%, I'm thinking about getting to 42%, I'm thinking about getting to 46%. So we're definitely, we're thinking long-term.
Brian J. Radecki: Sure, yes. I mean, I think it's a lot of things that we've been talking about in the call. Obviously, we're significantly increasing the size of the sales force. So as most people know, I'm fairly conservative in my numbers. I'm a show-me guy. I want to see productivity from some of these first. So I think that there could definitely be upside from the sales force and how we execute on that. Obviously, the better we execute, the higher the revenue, I think, we can be. I also think there can be upside on a lot of these releases that we talked about. And I think there could be upside from -- Andy talked about broker adds. I've said this fairly clearly on prior calls. I'll say it again. I'm not putting very much revenue -- or actually I'm not putting any revenue in my models for broker adds, I'll probably put a little bit but not a lot. And the reality is, until I see the first contract in dollars come in the door, I'm not going to be throwing a bunch of revenue in my model for that. So I think as that rolls out and we start to see some revenue in the first quarter, second, third quarter, that could provide upside as we move along the year, and hopefully we can do better than we thought. The reality is, it still won't be a big number for next year. The but then, it can obviously be much bigger as we see success there in '15, '16 and '17. That, as Andy mentioned, you can get Zillow, Trulia, HomeAway, you got a lot of marketplaces out there that do hundreds of millions of dollars in those areas. And I think over the next 5 years, we can see that. But I'm going to be conservative. I'm not going to start putting -- I've always said this, I'm not going to start putting revenue dollars in guidance for products that haven't released yet. I learned the hard way on that one.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes. I mean, I think we're going to be generally in the 30% to 35% range, Q1 sort of including the marketing and all that, it will be around there. Obviously, it depends on where we end up in the fourth quarter. But, yes, it will be close.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes. I mean if you look at the gross margin, it's at over 71% now and I think it's up 4 points over last year. So, yes, I would continue to expect that you're going to drop $0.70 to $0.80 through that line. I think that will continue to grow, over time, on a long-term model basis. And then, yes, I think that if you look at where we're going, obviously, when you're doing that, we're sort of balancing -- I'd say that this is different than 5 years ago or 10 years ago. We're able to continue to grow and then balance, growing EBITDA earnings. As you've seen all this year, I think we can do that all next year and then I think in the following years, and we can continue to push up the overall EBITDA margins into the 40%, 50% range. I don't think we're limited, I actually don't even think the top end of that range is limited in a longer term model. We've seen for years, some of our larger markets doing 60%, 70%. So right now, I'm sticking to talking about the next 3, 4, 5 years. But I don't think that by any means we're sort of bound by a 40% or even a 50% margin long term.
