Scott Wheeler: Thank you, Andy. I have now removed my mask for all those wondering, while Andy coughs nearby. Actually it's our first earnings call, since what February or, actually together in the same room.
Scott Wheeler: I think the standout was probably LoopNet really, the CoStar sales force I felt it came pretty positive about the LoopNet product and the potential for that as the quarter went on.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. Yes, so what we saw – obviously as we got into the third quarter and the strong response with LoopNet that both from a paid traffic and a retargeting, we found that that was generating great leads and really helping our sales teams who want to grow and grow the revenue. So to keep it in perspective obviously, the apartments business is a direct to consumer business, which you have to cover an awful broad territory in your marketing scope to generate the consumer traffic that we need. When we talk about advertising for LoopNet, it's going to be towards – the owners and the brokers involved in property transactions. So it's a much more direct approach and it's not as broad as the consumer side. So fundamentally, it's not going to be as large as apartments. Now, when you look at our overall spending marketing, apartments is 80% of what we spend every year, LoopNet is only about 10%. And so, when we ratchet LoopNet up by three or four more percentage points of that in the second half of the year, it's not a whole big number. So, if you analyze what we're spending in the second half of this year, you might get another $10 million to $15 million of marketing spend next year for LoopNet. So, now that our marketing budgets are as significant as they are, that's not a whole lot, but we haven't set our plans for 2021 yet. We'll still be working on those for the rest of the fourth quarter. And as the marketplace for LoopNet continues to perform, we build that sales force then we'll definitely want to give them the marketing support they need, but the growth will pay for all of this very easily in LoopNet just like it has for Apartments.com.
Scott Wheeler: Yes, we're pretty much in line with what we talked about last quarter. I think we said $25 million to $30 million contribution for the year. We're still right in that range. And it seems to be doing just as expected. Our focus on Ten-X right now is integrating the platforms, is connecting to the LoopNet Diamond ads that Andy talked about. And really until we get the platforms connected some time into 2021, we don't expect Ten-X to perform really any differently than where it is today. Even though they will have more interests, but until we can start elevating both the supply and demand side with that backend put together. We expect it to be about where it is until two things. We see the integration and then we see the advent of the distressed properties start to come through, which we expect really later next year.
Scott Wheeler: And I would add another element to that. So, we're clearly in the under construction phase with Ten-X. And as Scott says, optimizing the eyeballs to bring more bidders, we want to bring more demand to that market, so when someone puts an asset up there, there is a robust set of bidders. So in each auction, I'm watching carefully to see how many registered bidders, how many people actually bid on each property, and I'm – and this is not a monetary event. This is more of a tuning it to make sure we're bringing the demand to the marketplace. And we're getting fantastic results there. So the number of bidders is going up. The sell-through rate is going up. And as you do that – and then also, we're – yes, so as we do that, we're making good progress there. We're fine-tuning some of their go-to business strategy, go-to-market strategies like their pricing scheme, the way they're – like there was some – they were using traditional auction pricing, which I don't think is appropriate in a digital marketplace. We've been playing with their gross margins at different price levels and trying to optimize that a little bit. But the one thing that really stands out is that these numbers are great. I mean if we've got a process here that takes your success rate on selling a commercial property from 36% to 70 some percent, that's really – this can – that's discontinuous change. That's transformative. If you take a process from taking 500 days down to 90 days, that's discontinuous change. We have appraised values for all these CMBS properties, and we'll take that data set to write a white paper to show that the properties actually sells the same or more in a digital process than an offline process. Then you have – we can show that and establish that. We've got – you're achieving the same value, but you're doing it at a higher sell-through rate and you're doing it faster, dramatically reducing risk, everyone makes more money, all good. So you got a big winner. Ten-X was a relatively small company and it sort of sat in the shadow of Auction.com, the residential arm of that business. It's interesting Google had invested in Ten-X and Auction.com, and I'm told their primary interest was the commercial real estate marketplace side and I can see why. But recently, there hasn't been a lot of investment in that company, scaling it to its potential and they have a very, very small sales force to feed the supply side. We're tuning the demand side right now, but the supply side was underdeveloped, so effectively 10, 12 salespeople to try to reach hundreds of thousands of properties selling. So that means that 99% of the properties going to market never heard from a salesperson from Ten-X. And one of the cool things is we've got this very large research, marketing consulting group in Richmond, Virginia, that's constantly talking every month with all these people that happen to be selling buildings. So we're going to be training them on how to develop interest in using this digital platform, and that will be happening over the next month or so. And then we are ramping up that Ten-X sales force so that we can take those leads and pursue twice as many, 3, 5 times as many, 10 times as many prospects, and so a great team-up with research and a growing sales force. We've put a new leader into that sort of field, traditional CoStar field research for us for Ten-X, a gentleman named Brandon Lewe. And so that will feed the supply side. So we're doing all these things, not moving the dial for revenue this month or next month but getting us really optimistic about the potential going into the back half of 2021, 2022 and potentially change in the world.
Andy Florance: I don't think we have our sales results broken down by urban and suburban. But my sense of it is that we are seeing – we're going to be seeing strong sales in the CBDs because there are a lot of properties in the central business districts that are in lease-up. There's been a high supply there, and those folks would have well ahead of any disruption would have allocated significant investment for marketing for lease-up. But at the same time we haven't heard anything to indicate that suburban properties aren't also accelerating their investment in Apartments.com. So it's across the board that we're seeing this. I think one of the more exciting things is when you look at that number for accelerated sales into one to four units, which has both suburban and CBD. You can see that, I mean, year-to-date, I think there was 5,700, 5,900 and half of the sales occurred in the last quarter. And that's that mid-market sales team and they're basically geographically independent. They're covering suburban, urban, rural, the whole nine yards; so good pacing on that across the board there.
Andy Florance: Sure. So Sarah Spray is holding up her hand saying it's 3 times the – the global opportunity is 3 times U.S. opportunity. I in editing the script sandbagged it down to two-x the opportunity. So we could debate the semantics of potential there, but we can all agree it's large. And the nice thing about it is it's also, it continues to differentiate us as a particularly valuable vendor to folks who are flowing capital across border. So when you look at some of the bigger markets London, New York often more than half as much as 70% of the capital going into investment grade properties is crossing borders. So building a good international solution is particularly valuable to a lot of our best clients. I don't think we have the same opportunity to acquire in the traditional commercial real estate space internationally. Like we're just well ahead of any other solutions out there around the world, I mean, there are a couple of little players here and there, but not quite the same opportunity we have here in the United States. We are – the new international CoStar really looks quite impressive when you see it, you'll think, okay, that's really nice. It's very elegant. And our thought is, is that our clients are subscribed to national data in their countries will just be able to see properties around the world. And the addition of Emporis allows us to really crank up what they're going to see when we integrate that in. So as soon as we finished that someone in New York would be able to see thousands of properties in San Paulo or in Buenos Aires or in Tokyo. And now we won't have the same level of detail that we have on CoStar properties in London or New York or Richmond, but it'll still be a decent content. Our plan is to focus first on integrating in Germany and Spain, where we already have a wealth of content, get that in there. And then we've identified on a crazy number of parameters, but I won't go into a target set of countries and a pacing for those countries based liquidity, transparency, availability of data, bunch of other things. And we're going to start with a light model. We might put a team of five or 10 folks into Portugal and focus on comparable sales news, market analytics, comparable cell research and then scraping a lot of the availability content, user data. And we're going to treat it a little bit like we treat the United States where we did flights of cities. We didn't do one at a time. We did five at a time, 10 at a time, so we'll flight cities and we'll just keep working at it until we've gotten through our initial hit list of about 50. And we'll put one or two salespeople in each one of these markets. Again, these are – these investments are not nearly as large as the investments we made when we went into the United Kingdom or be relying more on scraping and user entry, which is become bigger and bigger for us; and then also uploading – digitally uploading user content. So it'd be – it's an odd time to do it when you can't cross an international border by the time we're – but by the time we've got everything ready to go, anticipate that you will be able to cross borders again.
Andy Florance: Yes. So I mean, there are a lot of different sub-sectors, just like there are a lot of different sectors in the commercial real estate information and marketplace area. There are a lot of sectors in the residential side. I think that it's good to know that CoStar Group actually began life as a residential information business. So when I first started up, I was doing assessor recorder deeds and downloading MLS data. So actually we started residential. We focused on commercial, obviously. Looking at similarities we're talking about the construction data areas, interesting, historically not terribly interesting for a number of different reasons. There's – there are information services, there are lending services, there are marketplaces. I would note one of the things that really stands out for me is that the United States is a oddly underdeveloped country when it comes to residential marketplaces. If I look at a mature residential market place provider like REA Group in Australia, and I take the relative size of U.S. and Australia on a GDP basis, it would imply that you create a market cap of about $200 billion in the U.S. on a residential marketplace. You create $1billion plus of EBITDA in that area and yet, no one's really doing a good job of there. Same thing with the right move in the United Kingdom, if you just take their 50%-plus margins, I think they're 60%, 70% of margins, but they're huge. And you just scale them to the U.S. there's clearly a lot of opportunities in the U.S. that are underdeveloped, while people are moving in away from really pure digital models and getting into actually becoming players in brokerage and flipping and mortgages and, so I think there's some big opportunities out there nothing to talk about today, but very focused on it. And it's an area we feel very comfortable with because we've been working with that space for a while. You can see we're selling a lot of product that what an essence or houses for Apartments.com recently. So it's interesting we're keeping an eye on it and we're – there's nothing remarkably different about the picture of a house, a dot on a map for a house, a dot on a map for a building, assessor parcel record for an industrial building or a house or a walk-up, so all very similar. But again, the whole space of digital real estate is just massive and unlimited amount of opportunity.
Andy Florance: Sure. Let me – let me take a shot at helping you with that one, Mario. The phenomenon we saw in the second quarter was clearly one of significant disruption early in the quarter, and then with strong rebound particularly led by Apartments.com and the marketplaces. I think when I look at the pattern that we saw in the third quarter it was really pretty well distributed. There wasn't a slowing in the first month and then a big acceleration to the end. It was pretty evenly balanced. I, I think that pent-up demand that came out of April and possibly may, a lot of that came into June and then it's sustained itself pretty strongly in the third quarter across all of the months. That typically the third quarter or the third month of any quarter is our strongest from a sales perspective. And that's as much just with sales, pacing and making the quarter closings of the sales force s focus on. But I think if you look at each of the businesses, the marketplaces were very steady sequentially on the quarters, multifamily tends to come off in the third quarter versus the second quarter numbers that seasonally same thing this year, but it was still very strong versus last year that Andy mentioned. And then, LoopNet performs strongly across all the months. Information services the same with probably some slight growth as STR continues to just month-to-month do well with its customers and CoStar, I think had a very solid pattern across the quarter as well with no major real cycles to point out. So I think it was pretty evenly balanced and more so than actually some other quarters. So it's encouraging that we've seen that and that hopefully we'll see those same strength carry into the fourth quarter.
Andy Florance: Yes. So I'll let Scott comment on the price. I think he'll say diminimous. I think it's in line with a coffee budget. And lately we haven't been using much coffee here, though I did buy my own milk for the headquarters today. So the – yes, so it's a relatively small purchase price – a small revenue stream. It's a company I've known. I've known the founders and the principals for a number of years. It's recently been acquired a couple of years ago. I think I've known this company for 10 or I think I went over to visit them 15 years ago, or 12, 15 years ago. They have a network of photographers and researchers who are volunteers, sort of like Wiki around the world who go around to take pictures of buildings and collect data about who the architects are, the construction company. They're focus intent. They initially focused intensely on skyscrapers. They gave an annual award for the best skyscraper in the world. But as time went on, they started focusing on smaller and smaller buildings and some cities where they've got good volunteers out there they'll have a great coverage, whether it be Sao Paulo or Buenos Aires or whether they'll Tokyo. They don't have the current availability and comparable sale data we might have. They don't have the news, but it's a great – it's a great sort of grid for us to use to start to bring content to these markets. And it has tremendous branding benefits. So the first time next year, when a customer – a longtime customer in New York who actually has a cross border investments, turns on their CoStar terminal and can browse different city, beautiful buildings in different cities around the world. I think people are going to waste a bunch of time looking at buildings all over the world from their CoStar terminal. And I think it's a great branding event. I don't – when I look at a London broker, they often sort of look at CoStar as a London company or a Chicago broker often looks at CoStar is a Chicago company. I think this sort of expands their – our brand and has them view us a little bit more like a Bloomberg, a global player really moving away from what started life as an outsourcing function for these brokerage firms or owners to becoming more of a unique, completely different animal, hat's a vast global network of valuable commercial real estate data. So it's a teeny company but it's a fun one. It's exciting. It's got some great field researchers. We can't wait until we can travel and we can host these photographers for a global conference and we'll end up taking a number of these volunteers and hiring them and making them full-time photographer researchers and South Africa, or in Kyoto or in Sydney or in Moscow or in Bogota, wherever they might be.
Andy Florance: Sure. If I just take the – and I think that there's some noise in that one to four category, but it's a 100 unit plus category we're at $1,000-some per month per property. I think that as the value propositions of digital marketing continue to grow for these owners, I think that number can – there's room to grow there overall pretty significantly. I think that the – when you look at the five to 100, that the $500-some, that's an impressive amount initially. Those are often being sold by a relatively junior new people to the sales world for us in our mid-market group. So as they gain experience and as people become familiar with the value proposition of Apartments.com, I think that people bid for more exposure and drive some of those price points up in particular in the middle. It might move up closer to the thousand mark. And then at the lower end that number really quite impressive to me. This is our first year really focusing on that area and to add a sales team of about 30 folks focusing on the mid-market and the smaller properties and come up with 5,700 properties at $150 per month. And that number may be a little rough because they can extend, the time periods is a little flexible, but many of them usually lease their property up within the month, but then go a little bit further than that, but roughly $150 per month. If you think about it, the per unit cost is higher and higher as you get smaller. So the folks over a hundred units are getting a real bargain at a thousand and the folks the thousands of people beginning to buy from us from single-family homes and condos and townhouses, they're willing to pay a real premium at that $150 price point. That's probably 10 times the price point or more that a Greystar is paying for a hundred unit plus community. So, I think, we'll get – we've had five years of continued appreciation, our average price point in all these areas. I think that trend will continue as we continue to build out a stronger and stronger product offering. And then the thing that I'm very focused on, I hope you're listening to me Paige Forrest is we need to build a bigger boat because everyone wants to ride, so we need more salespeople, but we can do that. We can build that team out. It's a great ROI. It's real straightforward. And we have a great team to grow with.
Andy Florance: Sure. So - yes, so LoopNet's separate sales force. I believe we already have hired the first 15 to 20 people. We have also reassigned maybe five or six people already, 15 to 20 folks in that group. For the foreseeable future, the apartments – the CoStar sales team is doing a great job selling LoopNet. We'll continue to do so. They get the hang of it. They're doing a great job, but we just have so much opportunity in the LoopNet side and so much opportunity on the CoStar side. We really want to give folks the ability to focus on their core areas and make sure that all the good prospects are getting covered in any given year and that we are pursuing best practices on retaining and renewing those folks that do begin buying. So what we'll do is as we have both the CoStar team selling LoopNet and the new LoopNet team selling LoopNet, we will do cross commissioning, which means that if I'm the primary lead on an account and I'm a CoStar rep, when a LoopNet rep comes in and sells that account, I will get some referral commission and I get higher rates on my CoStar. So that everyone is on the same team. The more they're selling LoopNet in the market both the CoStar and the LoopNet people will get escalation in their commission rates. We do it, so that it's still a very high margin. I think that the ramp up period for CoStar has historically been six months. As we bring people in and if they focus on the more entry-level LoopNet buyers that ramp up period is typically two months. And then as they go to higher end properties that might be six months. So I don't think there's a huge sag as we invest in bringing these people on board. I think they'll get productive pretty quickly. So, ultimately, our fixed costs are really the research, the software and we're in the margin as you add these sales people, they are incredibly high margin incremental adds after the first six months of onboarding. So, I think, it will just allow us to accelerate revenue growth, and I think it will enhance margin and allow us to invest more in the product while maintaining a high margin over time. And the one thing that's just obvious to me is that the market opportunity is just larger than our current sales force. And our current sales force is doing a great job on a one by one basis. These folks are productive. They're selling, but they're profitable, but we just need more resources and we'll be doing that over the next year or so. So one of the things I've done with all of our sales forces is I've asked them to give me a five-year plan and a one-year plan as to how many sales people they think they need to base that on how many high quality prospects we have, what's best practice for keeping contact with those high quality prospects, and then the customers we have in each of these sales areas and what is best practice on onboarding and ongoing maintenance a relationship with those folks. And so, it's just sort of a mechanical calculation. We'll have a one-year goal for staffing gains and a five-year goal for staffing gains. So that's where we are.
Andy Florance: Yes. So, historically, the conventional wisdom has been, and then the empirical experience this year is that the higher the vacancy rate goes the greater the demand for lead generation with an online marketplace like Appartments.com. So we'd heard when operating Apartments.com for the last five years prior to the pandemic, we'd heard that when the market goes south and the vacancy rates rise, demand goes up for these ads and then the pandemic hit. And in fact that's what we observed. If we do get a continued secular shift to housing and obvious, you know, new home construction now is through the roof, lumber prices are through the roof, numbers are huge. There could be more competition for renters and that would bode very well for Apartments.com. I was on the phone with a friend last night, who is looking at running out their New York City flat, and they're having a tough time. And I sold my lifelong friend $159 ad. That's how good a friend I am.
Andy Florance: So it is increased investment in SEM. We're having great success with our retargeting initiatives for both LoopNet and for Ten-X that is giving – providing real value to our diamond, platinum advertisers great results. The fact that we know who's in market – uniquely know who's in market searching for office space or investments or industrial or retail once we discover who's in market, we can dramatically drive the frequency with retargeting and that's working well. So we want to continue that. And then also since we have a good sense of who's in market to invest in properties with Ten-X we're investing in increasing the retargeting there that the metrics are great on the results we're getting there. And then we want to do general branding to elevate the image of LoopNet from what had in the distant past than more of a Craigslist for commercial real estate to more of a higher end marketing platform like Apartments.com. So we will invest, but we're investing at a lower level on Apartments.com, significantly lower levels of Apartments.com, but with a view to the fact that we can achieve the same sort of revenue numbers in LoopNet as we can in Apartments.com.
Andy Florance: Yes. So we're – the opportunity for the CoStar team. So we've seen them going more and more into selling LoopNet in the last quarter or two, which is great news. I mean, that's giving us great results on LoopNet, gave us our best sales quarter ever LoopNet, but that means there's just not enough people left to sell to banks, owners, all the different folks, corporations who are buying CoStar. And as I look forward to 2021, and we've got a very robust rich product pipeline that is transformative, we got to make sure we have a sales team ready to carry that out to all the opportunities we've got. So, we'll be pacing in 10, 15 new hires, something in that neighborhood each month going into the LoopNet side, we might be doing a little bit of growth in the CoStar side. And so just incrementally as we an inward setting up the commission structure, so that the CoStar sales person benefits by making the introduction for a LoopNet person to do the work and selling into one of their accounts, freeing them up to go sell something else, but still being able to make money by selling LoopNet into their – facilitating to sell LoopNet into their accounts. So it will be an intense or ramp up of both sales forces as we free up capacity in CoStar over the next 12 months, but it will probably be a growth rate of about two years, most of the growth is in the LoopNet side, but that's freeing up resources in the CoStar side and there will be some growth in the CoStar side because just we can see we're unable to reach and prospect all the good targets we've got on either CoStar or LoopNet. I hope that answers the question, but the overall message is we've got a good prospect, we're investing into high margin and we have a huge market opportunity and we're kind of bullish and we want to grow.
Andy Florance: Yes. So it puzzles me a little bit because I would have expected a higher default rate at this point for people paying their apartment right now. You saw the article. I think they're in the Wall Street Journal. It's definitely growing, and the consortium of folks who are collecting rents have shown that the number of people who are in default on the rent is growing. While there's a moratorium in effect that in theory is bad for Apartments.com because I can't move in a new tenant if there's a moratorium in eviction, in practice, what's happening is the landlords want to build that supply, so that the second they can evict someone who isn't paying their rent, they can bring a new renter in. And so in practice, short term, in moratorium where it's not impacting us negatively and then when it actually – when the system clears, that will probably create a lot of demand because you're going to have a lot of flow. Obviously, there is a terrible human cost here, but the question is more technical in the business. I did double check in preparation for the call today. I just checked with – we're handling hundreds of thousands of rent payments for individual, generally single family homes, and surprisingly that the rent payments there holding up remarkably well. So, so far no negative signals to our business in what I would have thought would have created a big negative signal, but when it clears, it's a positive signal.
Andy Florance: Thank you all for joining us for this third quarter earnings call, and we look forward to wrapping up the year and I guess a number of months from now, but we'll update you on our progress towards some of the goals we've talked about today. And I hope you all have a good evening, and stay safe. And great for us to be back together in the same conference room for earnings call. Thank you.
