Andy Florance: The trending seems to be similar to what it has been in the last three months. So it seems to be performing roughly the same. So we're not seeing much of a shift in any way.
Andy Florance: I think it's a couple of things. I think one factor is that, in the Great Recession we had two super low-cost competitors. So we're competing against a very well-funded Xceligent back in the Great Recession. And approximately for every dollar they charged a customer they were spending $2 to $3 producing the product. So they were heavily subsidized. And they were charging probably -- they were probably charging 15%, 20% of what we charge for a service. So we saw people shifting down to the lower cost product. We also were competing against LoopNet at that time who is offering a product at 5% of the cost of our product. So those two things are no longer a factor. And I think that we've made good progress over the last 10 years or so, continue to improve the products, the line of the products, the news, more functionality, people are living in it more frequently. So unless someone is going out of business, which is certainly happening, we would anticipate more resiliency in this downturn than the last on the CoStar side. And then, the other areas, I think, are in fact countercyclical. I think we’re ready for the next question.
Andy Florance: Yes. So I think that the big takeaway is that first month of the quarter April was just a stop, not much was happening. So that was a big factor. And then, it began to build back up and I think it will continue to build back up. Sales productivity began to return back to more normal levels, as we went into June it began to continue to improve. And one of the things -- one of the considerations is that, we have this -- the CoStar sales force is selling both LoopNet and CoStar. So you could get sales force productivity climbing, while you have one of those two products not climbing as quickly. So one could take from the other. So one of the things we'll be looking to do over the next year or so is, continue to invest at a modest level in building more resources to be able to go after both product areas simultaneously. But I think in my remarks I've addressed the fact that I think CoStar remains in strong demand throughout a cycle. Opportunistic, PE folks coming with billions -- hundreds of billions of dollars to invest and look for dislocation. People continue to renew leases. I fully expect that. And so people are going to still be looking to CoStar to understand where the values are, what transactions are possible. So I think we'll be optimistic about it. Also remember we're adding more and more to CoStar. So you'll be seeing Ten-X auctions in CoStar. You're going to be seeing STR data in CoStar. You're going to continue to see enhancement, you're going to see more lending solutions. So it's growing it's strong. We feel good about it.
Andy Florance: We’ve changed up on you. For 20 years we did these things in the morning, especially evening, it will take a lot of catch up.
Andy Florance: Well I think one of the challenges would be careful not to say anything. So that's probably the hardest thing is not answering. So the -- there are a wealth of opportunities. And if you look at the things we've done in the past those are sort of indicative of what we might do in the future. So we're looking for things that have high overlap of strengths we already have. So where we look at their business and we think that there are things that we can bring into our business that will not incur incremental costs, but incur incremental value into our existing business and vice versa, so that we can bring things into their business. That we already have as part of our inventory and part of our sum costs and will add value to their business. That could be distribution channel, data, software marketing any number of things. So for example at Ten-X we can bring that into our operation and bring them massive exposure for their auctions which I think will dramatically improve their business. And it has relatively low-cost to us. So things like that. Now we're not going to straight terribly far from like there's no need to straight terribly far from where we've been in the past because there are literally hundreds of companies that are immediately adjacent to some area we're already in and they range from small to very, very large. So I think that the future is going to be more like the past. I know I've been waiting for the first phone call. We raised a first question on the call and thank you for delivering it. I talked about it, while we were raising the capital. I said we will complete this capital round and we'll be answering the question. But we'll be patient. The first earnings call we'll be answering the question what we can do with the money. We'll be patient and we'll be prepared to answer the question multiple times until we find the right deal. It may take 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 deals to make an impact. It may take 4 or 5 earnings calls. It may take 10 earnings calls. But we're looking for the right deal at the right value with low-risk and with us prepared to do the right integration execution. So that we'll be patient and it will be related and we'll have more than two or three thesis for why we think the deal will work. 
Andy Florance: Sure. I think, I'd go into painful detail there, but just give you a couple of examples. So we could look at any particular cluster of buildings in the United States by property type and say office and Cici's Corner and then we can look at 15 years of leasing history and we can see what the most probable sources of a tenant are for any particular building. So we know that there's a high correlation between tenants in Tysons Corner that tend to lease in Tysons Corner, but also tenants in Boston tend to shift to Tysons Corner a little bit less going from Ruston to Tysons Corner. Shockingly some from the -- over to Tysons Corner. So we can look at those patterns and then we can -- we have a list of all of the tenants that are roughly in that quality zone for property in the source markets over history and then we have lists of emails and people associated with those tenants. And then we retarget those people aggressively. So, we funnel our spend for Tysons Corner building against the people who are most likely to come in. Now, we also know the lease expirations. We know when they moved into the space. We know, if they're growing, if they're contracting. So it's very, very targeted spend. Then when someone – when we see someone come from a particular organization to look at a property at Tysons Corner, we can look at other people that looked at that same property what other buildings they looked at. We use collaborative filtering and similar the way Amazon does to then invest in retargeting against people that either looked at the subject building to sync in frequency, or we may use a collaborative filtered property to bring in – bring someone from a building that just like that one and try to engage them in this other building. And that's also true with people that have – we look at buying patterns of what people are investing in. We're looking at what people are searching and looking at for Ten-X. So it's just an endless sort of big data exercise AI exercise of how we invest money against the right targets to very efficiently drive people. And that's working like a rock star right now. The – I'm very, very happy with the 600% increase in frequency, we've delivered to our Silver – our Diamond and Platinum advertisers in Lensa over the last quarter that is real value they're going to see and it really drives their brands on to their targets. So – and it's sort of fun to do. We have a bunch of folks that enjoy doing that, a couple of walks over here.
Andy Florance: Well, I mean, I think you're – if you look at 5 to 10 years, I think there will be a lot of growth in these marketplaces. The – for sure. And I wouldn't be surprised, if they don't – if our source of revenue doesn't become more and more diversified between CRE marketplace, multifamily marketplace some – land marketplace BizBuySell marketplace and other marketplaces, we may enter. So I would not at all be surprised, if the marketplaces didn't eclipse the revenue from CoStar Suite as CoStar Suite grows. But I wouldn't count CoStar Suite out. There are many, many growth drivers for CoStar Suite. So we are well penetrated in the brokerage community, but we have a lot of green space, a lot of greenfield in the owner area in the lender area and in international growth. So we have some exciting stuff happening in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter. Third fourth quarter and first quarter, so in the third and fourth quarter, we're going to have a fully internationalized version of CoStar Suite many languages, so people can look at properties from Spain and in Spanish across multiple European countries and across the United States. And I think that just like the company experienced a surge of growth as we went from being in three or four U.S. cities to being a largely national footprint, I think we have that same opportunity internationally. And we'll be communicating some things over the months to come that I think will sort of reinforce that opportunity. And I think that, it will change the way that London Broker perceives us when their terminal isn't just showing the Mayfair information, but is showing them the whole civilized world in their terminal eventually, right? I think, it will change the perception and the value of the product and the reach, especially the owners and lenders investors and private equity funds. So there's a lot of growth there. Also, the tools that are going to productize our lender solutions to a much broader audience, I think are pretty exciting. So I think there are a lot of growth drivers there. I worry about one of the things that, I think is a stressor on the business right now is not the market. It's not the – it's just – it's the fact that our sales force over the last five or six years hasn't grown much. We have roughly the same size sales force – sales force, but it has CoStar and LoopNet now. It has the banking side. It has so many things going on. But I just think that maybe we need to grow that sales force a little bit to be able to capture all the different opportunities we've got.
Andy Florance: Yeah. So LoopNet is, and I think the arrows overall go strongly towards countercyclical to LoopNet. And I think it's a trend you're going to see even after we come out of this particular cycle. So your comment about bid-ask spread is correct. People are not going to be doing as many transactions. But you can actually pick up that business over in the Ten-X side. So you'll pay us differently. But we'll monetize a transaction -- really the value we're delivering is the digital marketplace, but you're going to monetize it over on Ten-X. On the leasing side, I think you're a nut job right now, if you're not leasing your high-end -- marketing your high-end building on LoopNet. I mean, I think it's just beyond me, what you'd be thinking. So you have this $200 million building. No one wants to crowd in an elevator. And go up and down you're building with a bunch of people look at it. But you have the most people searching for office space on LoopNet right now or retail space, industrial space. And to not be front and center in front of that community and that buying audience in this environment is, just nutty. So I think it's more of an education thing. I think that, Apartments.com was -- it's an education thing. And it's a size of sales force thing. So Apartments.com had a much bigger sales force going into this cycle. And people were more -- it was more established and people were more used to digital marketing for apartments. So the combination of bigger sales force and the behavior allowed it to flex hard into countercyclical LoopNet, in the -- had predominantly been a lower end broker marketing solution was newer at the upper end property solution area. The office retail industrial industry was less experienced to digital marketing. We have smaller sales force there. So it's taking longer for it to flex into countercyclical. But we're going to be looking forward to do that. And truth is on our side. So, we'll work into that. And play into that.
Andy Florance: Yeah. So, I never had a context for a pandemic. So, anything that surprised me like what is this. I'd say everything was a surprise. So, by far and away the biggest surprise was the mega empirical counter-cyclicality of Apartments.com. That was just amazing. And I don't think the selling activity is catch up. I think the management team Fred Saint, Paige Forrest, Patrick Dan did a great job of innovating. When NAA canceled their conference, our team put on their own conference, and sold a lot of product for little to no money invested. So, I don't think it was catch up. I think it's a new business they're winning. And I think there are just people in a world in which they can't put a sign spinner from their apartment building productively are buying digital instead. So, that's just a very positive trend. And I think that's going to go forward. I also think that one of the positive things that comes out of these bad situations is that people modify their behaviors going into one of these severe disruptions, but they don't modify them back. Very often that 30-unit community that never bought any solution from Apartments.com, starts buying it because of a particularly tough environment, but settles into it likes the results and stays with it for a while. I think the other thing that if I could say surprised me was the fact that I spent 30 years looking closely at employment data and this is the worst it's ever been by far. So I would have expected a much more severe down drop than we've actually experienced. So -- and to come into June with virtually every one of our product platforms growing is remarkable. That was a big surprise. Everything is growing. There's nothing -- I mean even STR is growing. And so the speed at which we came out of it -- and I think that I'm just going to -- we will definitely chalk up April permanently to just people saying what's going on. It's the buying a comfortable office chair for home and a router. That's what April 2020 was. 
Andy Florance: Yes, absolutely. So the price per unit comes way up. So actually the cost of marketing apartment -- a 10-unit apartment building in traditional methods versus the cost of marketing a 400-unit apartment building via traditional methods your cost per unit is much higher at the smaller properties. And on down to the -- if I take the cost per unit at a single-family dwelling that might be paying a real estate agent a month of rent which -- that's where you're getting your highest cost per unit. So our pricing sort of follows a little bit of that. So you're going to come down where you might be spending $700 $800 for a 130-unit community. For a mid-line ad you might that price may come down to several hundred dollars at the lower end. Also you may be in and out of the market at the single-family dwelling, so that may be a shorter contract period. But surprisingly, the pricing is actually not that dissimilar. What really happens is that people with the 200-unit community will go aggressively for the Diamond plus because they need higher lead flow, they've got more units to fill. So they might choose to up their exposure their sort and go up to $7,000 a month. Whereas the person with single-family dwelling can be quite happy with the results they get at $295 in a month -- or $295 for a campaign that might last for two months or three months. So it's not wildly dislocated. There's more money at the bottom than there is at the top in this industry I believe.
Andy Florance: Well thank you all for joining us on this call. We had a solid quarter despite the challenges. And again I want to thank the investors, the new investors who joined us. Thank you for your confidence and we're going to work deploying your capital responsibly in the best time frame possible. So thank you everyone for joining us.
A – Andy Florance: Yes. That's correct. They started three months, they've gone to six months and that's basically because we invest a fair amount upfront in bringing them up online and it takes more than three months to lease a $100 million building or to sell a large product like that. Scott, do you have specific numbers on the movement? I mean it's small, but... 
A – Andy Florance: And Bill if we were to look out over the next five years, I actually feel that those -- that $700 price point could move into the thousands of dollars pretty comfortably. And I think we could take significantly more share into the signature ads up from the premium listing which would give us dramatic growth in the blended average price and do that with a satisfied customer base which we're feeling they're getting value. And I'm very bullish on the value we're delivering our advertisers. I think we're delivering amazing value on these folks right now. And I think that it's our job to communicate how much value we're bringing to them. So I think we'll have a good story there for five years plus. 
A – Andy Florance: Well I think it's a really excellent question and there's a lot of truth laced in there. So there are a lot of things we do as we deploy people in different markets and the amount of business travel we do to reach our customers face-to-face. And we invest a lot in travel and move even within a city. And I think there's no substitute for face-to-face interaction with our customers over time. But we have seen 100 million people have now just learned what Zoom is and FaceTime and GoToMeeting and Webex. And so 100 million people who before were complete ludites are now well versed in digital and video communication. So our ability to train on board, support, grow our accounts very cost effectively I think is really enhanced. And that's a positive that's come out of this. But I do think there'll still be -- in return there'll still be a need for face-to-face, but dramatically less. So there's a little bit of margin benefit there a little -- probably a little bit of customer acquisition benefit there. Maybe a lot. 
