Scott Wheeler: Yes. I think what you see George is certainly the timing of investment costs. Second quarter is primarily driven by all the marketing that we're spending and we expect that to be our strongest quarter, but still up when comparing to the fourth quarter over the prior years. I think you also see a lot of benefit in the first quarter as we passed the ForRent acquisition annualizing and so all those benefits are now into the numbers as we lap the margin improvements we got last year from ForRent. So those are pretty much the biggest factors I would call out.
Scott Wheeler: No. We don't have a number on the bookings side David. There was -- there's certainly effects running through last year, but we didn't talk about that on the booking side effect. But on the pro forma side, let's see the -- let me look for the Apartments pro forma for you. Just a second, I will get it. I know it's here somewhere. So, yeah, we had somewhere between $3 million and $6 million per quarter throughout the year that are going to effect us and the biggest effect would have been in the second quarter for 2018. So hopefully that help give you some idea of how big those discontinued revenues are.
Scott Wheeler: Yeah. We track the price/volume mix equation into the big groups. And as you just said the only place we really had price increase was in the LoopNet, getting rid of some of those discounts. And then as we moved people in the ForRent acquisition to the broader network then you saw this other effect of moving to a broader network contract, which would have higher revenues per property than what we had before. So it's not really a price increase. It's a broader package increasing. So it's those types of things and the other one that Andy mentioned that are really driving what we call price, which really is accounting for a good half of what our revenue growth is in many quarters because of those effects.
Andy Florance: Sure. So definitely a lot of effort, a lot of work going on, on LoopNet 2.0. And actually it was -- I was about there for a week or so last year -- the development the last week. Two weeks ago, I was with the development team for the week out in California going over the product, a very productive meeting. And we hope to make strong releases in the third and fourth quarter around that product area. I picked up a customer service call this morning randomly and the customer was complaining they wanted two major features in LoopNet that we have already put into the new design, so in the right top of the list, so stronger and easier searching for restaurants and being able to highlight things with broker comments. So I'm feeling good about that where that's going. We're also -- I spent last week with our photography team making sure they have the right to support the new elements of that product. And you can see the growth begin to click up and we remain very excited about it. You also see it beginning up an effort going on in Spain and in United Kingdom to match the effort that we're doing here. And so all in all, it remains on track and we're excited about it. In terms of the major accounts or the national accounts, the sales force, we took the -- we had last year quotas on what the sales force needed to sell of LoopNet in order to make the higher commission rates. We removed that this year, so they could focus on general customer service and set their own allocations and priorities. And the nice thing is the sales results have continued to come in for LoopNet naturally without the commission focuses. So we think that's been good. And we will be structuring the LoopNet major national accounts the same way we structure Apartments.com in the near future. So it's a lot of software work going on and a lot of operating work that needs to be done to position for it, but it's on track and it's a top priority.
Andy Florance: Good questions. So on the first one, I was -- I ran into our Head of Apartment Sales last week, Deb Richmond, and she couldn't wait to tell me about some huge competitive wins we just had. I think she was talking about some community with 135 properties moving over something or some organization 135 properties moving here. So my sense is that there is a lot of competitive shift going on. We are having some success with the Diamond Plus ads as well, but a lot of it is competitive shift, and the numbers are really quite impressive. Like when I look at the total accounts, I won't recall exactly what the number was the last time I looked, but they are very impressive competitive wins. And for good reason, because the traffic numbers are so compelling, the lead advantages are so compelling in Apartments.com, and the benefit of having invested well over $1 billion in Apartments.com has resulted in a huge competitive distancing going on there. I also got an e-mail today from the Apartments regional sales manager with someone moving a bunch of properties over, and they specifically cited the quality of our customer service. They said the fact that we were in their communities every month or every 1.5 months, briefing them on what was happening in their local market, and the fact that they had not seen the competitor in four years was a major factor in shifting all their purchasing over to us. So on hard numbers, I've seen the last two months, I would say a major competitive shift. And anecdotally in the last two weeks I'd say, a continuation and possible acceleration in competitive shift. In terms of our petty cash of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion, we remain active in looking at a number of potential acquisitions, but we remain selective. And we devote a significant amount of effort to that ongoing. And those things will happen in time, but our track record over the last 20 years of acquiring 30-plus companies, it's sort of hard to imagine that won't continue. And so that -- we would expect that capital would be put to good use in transformative ways, and we look forward to that day.
Andy Florance: Sure. So we're -- I mean you're right. There are some acquisition opportunities over there that are midsized that could be interesting, but that -- really what we're focusing on is just organic growth in those markets. So we have been ratcheting up our investment in the last 18 months in the United Kingdom. We're in Germany and Spain. We see some exciting -- some good opportunities in France, availability of lower cost digital data, machine learning to harvest data on the Internet. So we're in an investing period. And we saw -- on a small scale, we saw a huge growth in the first quarter in the United Kingdom in our bookings, but still modest by comparison to the United States. And we think that we had our expectation that that growth will payoff in the next couple of years. The nice thing is now we're getting a multi-country footprint and we'll be -- I think it’ll be transformative when we can put three or four European countries into one consistent platform. So that's one of our big goals in the next three years or so, and I think that will move us up to parallel growth rates with the United States.
Andy Florance: Not really. I think I was -- we were very happy with the bookings. I was upwardly surprised as the Apartments.com bookings were extremely strong and continue to be extremely strong. We are running the business looking nine months a year or so out. So we're working a lot of things that are not month-to-month. And there is always volatility as you look at the numbers like what land might be doing one quarter, what farms might be doing one quarter. Things shift around they're all generally really strong, but there is -- since they're real returns and real sales results, there's volatility to them. If they were ever perfectly linear that would be a made-up situation that's not happening. And so they move around but they're strong. I think we got the payoff from last year's customer service and conversion efforts with ForRent when you see the surge in productivity there. The investment in additional face time with customers with CoStar will probably pay off in the next two quarters. So, all-in-all, great quarter, very happy with the results and phenomenal results.
Andy Florance: Yeah. So what happens is there is a independent team that works in a different group from sales based out of Atlanta, Georgia. And each day they look at meetings that occurred four to 24 hours prior. And they randomly sample the people that those meetings were held with. And I won't get the wording exactly right. But they say based on your meeting yesterday and your overall impression of Apartments or CoStar, how likely will you recommend CoStar or Apartments.com to a friend or colleague. So it's the recommended question. And that gets us a 9.02 on CoStar, and gets us to 9.8 on Apartments.com. And there was one woman sorry I can't remember her name or where she was, who for the year last year star scored 9.98. So she is just a little bit of a stronger salesperson than you were. But the -- I'd have to hand it to her like if you get a 9.98 -- and I'll try to get her name for the next earnings call. But I won't actually because I might sound as a recruiter. You're right, that people don't want to talk to -- typically don't want to spend their day with software salespeople but we try to make sure that we're showing them some new benefit to them. We also talk to them about the general market. I also believe we delivered over one million tchotchkes last year.
Andy Florance: The cookies, candy, a charger cable, a cozy. We delivered so many little minor gifts. We do have all kinds of strategies for building those relationships. And that tends to work.
Andy Florance: Well, with that, we're going to wrap up the call. Thanks everyone for joining us. And thank you Scott for a fantastic call plus. And thank you Rich for a really fascinating read on the risks and the definitions. And I look forward to hearing you -- hearing -- spending time with you guys again at the end of the second quarter.
