Andy Florance: So it's happening in phases. Some of it has happened. When we first relaunched, we were running free ads for communities at all sizes on, up to 250 units, be it [indiscernible] properties over 100 units. And as we started building up more and more content and more and more traffic, we started eliminating free ads above 200 units at above 150 units, at 100 units. And we just keep on bringing that level down. And as we do that, a significant number of those folks decide to go ahead and sign-up for Apartments.com and not lose that lead flow. So the communities below 100 units, that will roll out over the course of the remainder of the year and we will be trying to build up that inside sales force fast quickly enough to be able to pursue the leads that, that generates. So it will be flexible, but it will be six months to 12 months to eliminate the freeze below 100. Now we won't -- we will continue to carry the very small communities for free for quite some time. So the condo for rent, to the house for rent, the real small stuff. And I also want to reiterate that our second quarter had $59 million in bookings.
Andy Florance: Sure. So, I'm very excited about the Street expectations for bookings in the 60s next year, and I look forward to those earnings calls. It will be exciting. And we will repeat successful results throughout the earnings call. But the -- there are a number of different things that give you tailwinds as you go in to try to achieve those higher numbers. Like, we obviously don't know small fluctuation nuances from quarter-to-quarter. So the bookings next quarter, it could go up a little bit, it could go down a little bit. And it's not necessarily terribly material, which way it goes of slight increments. But the trend, I feel comfortable with expectations that it goes up. Again, growing the CoStar sales force materially, yes, it is a big driver. There is no shortage of opportunity. So, penetration rates for the advertising on LoopNet, new products in LoopNet, taking owner product out there, new multifamily product, student housing, analytics on the CoStar side, a lot of opportunity there. Adding a 100 salespeople to Apartments.com, the expectation is that they would sell something and that would also drive the opportunity. And as we increase the marketing, we will increase the lead flow. And then looking at the numbers, our ability to successfully sell product to 200 unit communities, 100 unit communities, 75 unit communities, 50 unit communities, 40 unit communities, 30 unit communities, 10 unit communities, means that we've got a huge marketplace to sell to, and adding additional salespeople is going to give us that ability to go address that opportunity. And then the land business, the BizBuySell business and CoStar Real Estate Manager continues to hit on all cylinders. So, there is a lot of good tailwinds there and so we're not really shy of those expectations next year.
Andy Florance: Thank you, Bill. So, we're -- I'm actually on my way up to -- I'm just in from Tokyo, if you can't tell that I'm a little jet lagged. Heading up to Chicago for focus groups on that over the next couple of days, we're going to be interviewing small landlords tenants on that whole new products. So, that new product is providing an end-to-end leasing solution within Apartments.com, where someone marking their property at Apartments.com can elect for online leasing, which means renters can apply directly, digitally using our applications on Apartments.com for an apartment. We screen them for credit, criminal and prior evictions. If the landlord wants to move forward with the tenant and wants to move forward, they can enter into a digital lease on Apartments.com and then we can facilitate the rent payments on Apartments.com. We believe this will be particularly appealing to the smaller landlords that don't have these sorts of solutions. We also think it will be appealing to the renters because our price points for doing an online application is typically half of what the normal fees are and we are providing portability to the applications. So, a renter who applies to one property on Apartments.com can use that same application nearly instantly for any other community within 30 days. So, it's pretty exciting and we are going to be looking at how that reaction is going. But it's early. We're just rolling it out this quarter. We'll know more after the focus groups. But one of the things that I'm -- we're looking at now is we think it will have a big impact not just on the folks running a single house or condo, but we think it will be really helpful in helping us to sell more advertising to the middle-market, the folks with 20 units, 40 units, 50 units. And that will be sold through our inside -- the new inside sales force where they'll be really aggressively going after that sector. So it's -- it's rolling out in four, I think we added one more markets. I think it's rolling in five markets in the third quarter. And based on that, we will gear it up to additional markets in the fourth quarter, but we haven't really finalized how many. And one of the things we want to do is build up that inside sales team. So, we really focus our energy on the markets we're rolling it out in intensely, so that the -- there is enough people participating in the program that, that renter application portability between multiple communities has enough scale and mass that's particularly valuable. But we will tell you more -- we'll report in on the third quarter call. On the year-end call, we'll have more color on it. It's still little early. But man, it was a lot of work.
Andy Florance: Also, our big initiative there, which is really the premium gold, platinum and diamond levels, has not effectively rolled out and that will be coming in the next couple of quarters. So, we're having a big conference pulling together. Our senior sales leaders are beginning to walk through the sales process for selling those Apartments.com like ads on LoopNet. And you're not seeing any revenue associated with that right now and that's a future revenue stream, so there will be upside.
Andy Florance: Sure. So, one of the things I did not mention, going into detail on was, we have been reorganizing the CoStar sales force a bit in order to get ready for selling these premier LoopNet owner-oriented ads, the sort of upper end ads. And what we've done is, we've identified about 65 sales people across our network, who are the more senior folks and were assigning the top owner prospects to them. We're pulling them together for a couple of days of training. So far we haven't really -- we haven't done that. We're just beginning that process. It's relatively straightforward. The value proposition is pretty straightforward. And I think that we will get adoption or the sales force will pick, the specialist salespeople will pick this up pretty quickly and we really be relying on them to take that forward. I would expect that over time with success there, we'll feel that 65 is not quite the right number and we'll probably want to grow that team a little bit. But I think we'll take one step at a time. A little bit of success with the 65 people would be a lot of success to our bookings numbers. The second part that you mentioned there about partnering with our broker clients is exciting. In the past, we have partnered with our broker clients to basically wholesale or resell advertising to their owner clients and allow them to offer discounts and give them some rebates for volume. And we've had some discussions with some of our brokerage clients about allowing them to resell those LoopNet ads owners. It's a win-win for everybody, the broker, the owner and us. And it is similar to what happens with Apartments.com. So, often when we're selling an advertisement for an apartment community, Greystar, Greystar is acting on behalf of an owner who we don't really know who they are. But they're just authorized to make the purchase and Greystar through volume gets a better price for their owner. So, we'd be looking for the same thing to happen in CoStar, LoopNet, but it will be something that would be happening next year. But we've gotten really positive feedback from folks like CBRE and some others on that opportunity. And it's not unprecedented. Again, not only on the Apartments.com side, but also CoStar Real Estate Manager where a lot of our sales there are -- is white labeling from folks like JLL and CBRE and Cushman & Wakefield, who basically steer their clients into CoStar Real Estate Manager.
Andy Florance: Well, for me, my primary concern is typically, we are an organization that changes a lot. So, as we -- we don't stay the same. Most sales organizations do exactly the same thing for 10 years in and out. They don't change a lot. Things like refocusing the sales team against the smaller communities to an online leasing, refocusing the info salespeople towards a new ad opportunity in the LoopNet side, that's a lot of change and that requires a big organization to adopt change. And that's just -- that's heavy lifting, that's probably our single biggest gating item. I was meeting with a couple of tech people yesterday. We were at CES and some other companies and they were talking about having challenges hiring salespeople. Knock on wood, we've been able to keep a really good pipeline of high-quality salespeople coming in the door and we have not seen problems with being able to find those folks. So, you can see that in the 50 plus recent hires on the CoStar side. And then I also -- we're going to be -- and hiring in Richmond. I feel confident there. We invest a lot into the Richmond marketplace. We have a big brand there and we've been successful in meeting our hiring requirements there. So, we're always looking to try to improve our sales training and try to give them more experiences and developing ongoing training. But we like the productivity numbers we're seeing, the productivity numbers per salesperson. Apartments.com is exceptional right now. And if we can keep that through -- going through an inside sales team, we'll be really happy with that result. So the main issue is just continuously reshaping the organization, things like dividing the Apartments and the CoStar teams into separate management lines. That's the main challenge.
Andy Florance: Yes. I would like -- and you ask, which of my children are my favorite and that's a tough one. So, I'd like to say that Apartments.com is awesome and LoopNet is awesome and they both have trends of upside. But you have to say, you have to respect Warren Buffett. And one bird in the hand is better than two in the bush. And Apartments.com is on fire right now and it's happening. What's driving demand for the up-sell, when you see folks adopting rapidly, price points at $3,600 and $7,500 a month where the average had been $770, what's going on there is we are just delivering the traffic and the lead flow. We've got massive traffic in lead flow. It's working. And we're hearing, like in a focus group, I was in two weeks or three weeks ago in Dallas, property managers who are building a lot of new -- putting a lot of new units out there are finding that everybody in say, Dallas Uptown is now buying our Diamond ad and it's hard to stand out. Like in -- they're looking to spend more to stand out more when they're in lease-up. And so with so many people buying in Apartments.com, people with higher demand are willing to pay more. And when you think about what's at stake for them as they launch a $200 million community in the lease-up, they don't really care if our ad cost a $1,000 or $10,000. They're in a nine-month lease-up period and we are the source for the majority of their communities. So, we've kept our -- frankly, we've kept our pricing very aggressive and our price per lease and our price per lead is very low. And they're very happy with it. And if they want more, they're willing to fork out money. So the upside is, we are -- these plus categories where within silver, gold, platinum and diamond, we're going to enable people to pay to sort higher within the categories, I think we will generate a lot of revenue. And then again just bringing out the online leasing tools and going after the mid-market will be big. LoopNet, I'm highly confident about, but it's -- it is still in development. It's still early days. But we're very familiar with everything about that LoopNet area and feel like it's a clear opportunity and remain very optimistic about it.
Andy Florance: Most of it is new subscribers. There is a little bit more. There is a slight increase in average price point per user. So, we're getting -- we're being a little more thoughtful about looking at some of the dramatically underpriced accounts and bringing them up a little bit closer, not all the way in the list, we are bringing up a little closer list. So, I'd say the shift is mixing -- the mix is shifting a little bit between price point. It's a little bit more of that than there has been in the past but nothing crazy. We're talking about instead of 3% average price increase, it might be 6% or 7%.
Andy Florance: So the question was what does M&A environment look like? So, we're -- it's very active. There's a lot going on there. We are -- at any given point, we're looking closely at probably a dozen companies. We are being selective, continue to be selective. So if valuation doesn't appear to be rational to us, we're not doing any sloppy deals that way. But we do have a pipeline and we are working through it. And some of it is smaller deals like Off Campus Partners and then there is some -- there are some larger things in the pipeline. But again, they don't occur until they occur because we have a great track record across 20 acquisitions, 30 acquisitions of not having any big goose. And we will continue to be very careful as we go forward. But we're not going to change our ways of continuing to make good acquisitions.
Andy Florance: Thanks, Scott. Our priorities right now are the acquisition pipeline that we just talked about, putting money back into organic spend as much as possible. Clearly, we're still going to generate net positive cash, but our intention is to put that back into acquisitions. We'd love to see some more rational price discussions in the marketplace on deals right now. But we know they're out there and they're big enough to use that cash. So, it's just a matter of time, I think we'll do that. Right now we're not considering any share buybacks or dividends as there is still so much opportunity in this growing digital marketplace transformation, that it is better to be holding it for some of the near-term and then using it when we have those opportunities.
Andy Florance: Great. Well, thank you all for joining us for the second quarter call and we look forward to getting together with you again in the third quarter. And thank you very much.
