Andy Florance: Sure. Thank you for pointing out, George, that our residential platform is now the second most heavily traffic platform in the United States. I appreciate that.  So I think we have a pretty clear plan or strategy for how we plan to continue to grow that traffic and the value of that platform to consumers. I don't think that the success we're having to date is going to take us off of that plan. So we're largely on track with what we've been intending. We want to continue to grow the traffic even more dramatically in order to make sure that we have the best platform for monetizing at the point that we decided to do that.
Andy Florance: Sure. I thought you were going to ask about our residential portal being number two and moving quickly from number four or five to number two. But I'll take the question you asked. So I'm sorry.  So I was thinking that we would begin to turn around the execution performance on LoopNet on Wednesday and Thursday and Friday. And so if you look at Apartments.com, I think a little about a year or so ago, it was growing at 6% year-over-year. Now it's moving towards 24%, 25% year-over-year growth. So these things are -- when they emerge, they're pretty straightforward to troubleshoot and to put them on track. I don't believe this is an issue of demand, I believe this is a simple, relatively simple problem to solve. We actually have a decent sized sales force now, but I think we're just incentivizing the wrong activities and I think we can move it back on track. Now keep in mind, big picture, it wasn't that long ago that we acquired LoopNet, and the revenue was less than our lands business, and now I think it's about $0.25 billion or something. So it's doing quite well. 16% growth is not bad, but I just think it can do better. And it will do better. So nearly immediately.
Andy Florance: That's right. It's shocking that we have moved up that quickly to become an uncommon of a player. But yeah, that's actually right, Pete.
Andy Florance: Yeah. So again, it's not that it is terrible. 16% year-over-year growth is pretty strong, obviously, in a bad CRE market, which actually should be helping it more. I think it's really -- I remain convinced that it's a no-brainer. When I talked to our experienced successful sales reps, the demand is clear.  Their selling contracts that are reaching new high points for those premier signature ads. And if you think about it, if you think about somebody who owns a $1 billion building that has a major leasing risk and has as part of the massive loans coming due in the next couple of years, spending a couple of thousand dollars a month in order to try to raise your profile when the vast majority of tenants are looking for their commercial real estate on LoopNet and CoStar, it's a no-brainer.  So I feel very comfortable with that value proposition. But it's just a question of continuing to improve the -- trying to go from 16% to 18% to 20%, still being satisfied with something in the lower teens.
Andy Florance: And Pete, I toured a building the other day that was distressed, brand-new building, beautiful building, the owner stood to stand, they couldn't lease it. They stood to stand, they were going to lose perhaps $80 million. The building was completely vacant and the brokers had not marketed on LoopNet. And it just blows your mind that someone, an owner would potentially lose $80 million for a leasing problem. Vast majority of tenants look for space on LoopNet and the brokers save themselves a couple of hundred bucks.  So I think it's a pretty solid value proposition. It should be coming into -- it should be doing better than ever, similar to Apartments.com.
Andy Florance: For sure. So I won't have -- I will not have significant digit data for you in front of me, but I will tell you that one of the most important things I look for is return traffic direct, so people that typed in Homes.com, and that is up about 400% year-over-year. So we are not -- I'm not focused on who's coming back in off of SCM. I'm focused on who is coming in direct return. And that number is up dramatically, so very happy with that. Secondarily, I'm looking at the lead flow and the lead flow is, I believe, very solid. I believe and I'm not going to disclose any specific numbers, but I believe that we are delivering twice the lead flow of some of the well-known residential platforms in the United States. And I think there is -- I think that's dramatic. I think that's important. And I think the reason why we're delivering twice the lead flow of some of our competitors is really quite simple. We are putting the name, photo, likeness, contact information of the actual listing agent on the listing, so people can reach out and simply contact the person that knows the listing better than anyone else in the world. Competing sites are setting that lead into a call center and often syndicating the lead out to multiple unrelated agents that don't know that listing at all. So consumers are reasonably smart sometimes, and I think they're on to that and we're getting super high-quality traffic to the site and good lead flow. Now remember also, we have a huge engaged group of residential agents who are in our platforms, and they like our message. They like the fact that we are, your listing, your lead. So they're directing a lot of their clients, I believe, into our platform because they prefer what we're doing to alternatives. And again, that's super high quality.  So I'm very happy with the quality, and I would just like to double the overall traffic at some point soon.
Andy Florance: The content is being loaded on a partial level in all markets. So it's not it's not LA being loaded in Boston not being loaded. It's like x percent of Boston, x percent of LA being loaded. I would tell you that at this point, you haven't -- I don't think there's been time enough to see any traffic impact of the content that's been loaded. I think that's out in the future.  And in terms of reaction, it have to go more to the anecdotal just that's like having focus groups interviewing consumers and that is very positive. That's very, very positive. I couldn't be happier with that result.
Andy Florance: Okay. So I was testing my hearing there a little bit. But -- so one of the most -- and one of the most encouraging and exciting things about what's happening in CoStar is the pace of delivery. So as you listen to what we're doing, where we're bringing the corporate user aggregation data, we're doing the fund data, we're doing CoStar Lender.  We're doing -- we're bringing in a stream of functionalities. So Elizabeth Winkle, is doing a good job with her brand development team picking up the pace setting every time she adds in the STR integration. Every time we add another modular element to the product we appeal to a broader audience, where we have more relevance to a particular audience we're trying to penetrate more deeply.  So I like this new era of CoStar where we're bringing modules out faster and faster and faster, and that will also include adding more international markets to the coverage area. And as we do that, we create more demand. I believe that our CoStar sales team has done a good job responding and shifting to selling to lenders, owners and corporate users. You see that number going way up. So I think that while Paige Forrest and her team at Apartments.com is knocking on the first milestone of $1 billion, I think Marc Swartz and the CoStar sales team won't be that far behind them. And I think the fact that we are in clearly hands down the toughest commercial real estate market ever, and we're showing the kind of growth we're showing is really a testament to the product quality, the value, the research team and the sales work. So it's not an optimal office market. So we're doing pretty darn well.
Andy Florance: Sure. Well, you're right. As you point out that we achieved rapidly ascended to the second most heavily trafficked sites in the United States. In terms of the content, adding personnel around the content and what we're doing with that, yes, when we produce the product, and we then test it and focus groups, and we test it with consumers and it's not a mockup. It's not PowerPoint, it's like real product, real data, real content and they clearly respond very positively to what we're doing. That leads us to feel very comfortable with the investment we're making in differentiating our product through a number of content strategies. So we would -- and to be clear, what we're doing is massive. One of the things you hear in focus groups is a, I love what they're doing. And then the next comment they say it is, are they really doing this for the whole United States of America? How are they doing that? But it's well worth it.  And if you look at CoStar as a product or STR, sometimes our original content is all the differentiation to create a moat around a product. And in an intermediate term, that investment is a relatively modest percentage of revenue but it always looks much bigger when you're in the early phases of making the investment. But if you're concerned about us bringing additional investment into the content area, the focus groups were bad news for you because they love what we're doing.  And then in terms of other investments, nothing has really changed. You can see -- you're not seeing any Jeff Goldblums out there for Homes.com at this point. There's no sort of broad consumer marketing occurring. But at some point, obviously, that is a lever you pull. It's an important lever to pull because it impacts SEO and SEM. It makes your SEO more effective, and it also makes you much more competitive in SEM. So the more likely people are to recognize the brand. The more likely they are to click on the SEM and Google serves it up more frequently at a lower cost to us, and you get a good effect there. But our unaided awareness on Apartments.com right now is 49%. The margin and profitability at Apartments.com is phenomenal. The unaided awareness, I got the first read from our unaided awareness is testing group on Homes.com and I'm not going to share it with you because it's so embarrassing. But one day and a couple of years from now, I hope to be reporting a number higher than 50% for Homes.com. So what right now we're doing is we're building a good loyal following of repeat users, but it's sort of all being earned one user experience at a time in the product.
Andy Florance: Well, we really appreciate everyone joining us on the call. I hope you noticed that my script was about three minutes less than normal, so that's an improvement. But thank you very much for joining us for the second quarter 2023 earnings call. We look forward to speaking to you again in the third quarter call on October 24, 2023, at 5 p.m. on the same channel. Thank you very much for participating.
