Chris Lown: Great. Thank you, Andy. Good evening. I'm excited to be here for my first of many CoStar earnings calls. I'm happy to report that CoStar has now reached its 53rd consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth, coming in at 12%, and we achieved a commercial business margin of 41% in the second quarter. Looking first at our Residential businesses. Residential revenue came in at $26 million, up 40% sequentially. In just four and a half months, we have delivered cumulative net new bookings of $55 million, which is a great accomplishment. We are focused on hiring dedicated Homes.com sales reps over the next year, who are more productive at selling homes memberships and will also allow many of our commercial sales teams to return to selling their core products full time. As Andy mentioned, focus groups have bolstered our confidence in our Homes.com offering and we are confident in our differentiated business model and our ability to capture this exciting long-term revenue and data opportunity. We now expect third quarter Residential revenue to come in around $30 million and we are revising our full year 2024 Residential revenue guidance to $105 million to $110 million. For the full year, we continue to expect to execute on our Homes.com investment plans. Apartments.com's second quarter revenue growth came in at 11%. The Apartments.com team continued to perform well with the highest number of sales reps and the highest sales productivity of any brand in the company. We are on track to achieve the guidance we provided last quarter, resulting in 17% year-over-year revenue growth. CoStar revenue grew 10% in the second quarter, in line with our guidance and we are maintaining our previous full year guidance of 10% growth. We expect growth in the third quarter to be broadly in line with the full year. LoopNet revenue grew 7% in the second quarter, slightly ahead of our 5% to 6% guidance range. We are maintaining our full year revenue outlook for LoopNet of mid-single-digit growth. Revenue from Information Services was flat sequentially and dropped 20% year-over-year due to the transition of STR into CoStar. We are reiterating our previously stated guidance of $130 million to $135 million for the full year and expect the third quarter to be consistent with the first two quarters of 2024. Other Marketplaces revenue was $31 million in the second quarter and we are maintaining our guidance for Other Marketplaces to be relatively flat in the third quarter and full year. From a consolidated basis, adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter was $41 million at a 6% margin, meaningfully above the high end of our $5 million to $10 million second quarter guidance. The favorable performance relates primarily to slower-than-anticipated hiring as well as the timing of investment spend. We anticipate incurring some of the spend in the second half of the year. Our sales force totaled some 1,240 people at quarter end, an increase of 7% year-over-year and around 30 salespeople hire sequentially. Most of the increase in the second quarter was in our Homes.com sales force. Our contract renewal rate was 90% for the second quarter, with the renewal rate for customers who have been subscribers for five years or longer at 95%. Subscription revenue on annual contracts was 81% for the second quarter, consistent with the prior quarter and the second quarter of 2023. We continue to have a strong balance sheet with $4.9 billion in cash, which are net interest income of $53 million in the second quarter, a 5.1% rate of return. Our full year 2024 revenue guidance is now in the $2.735 billion to $2.745 billion range, a 12% year-over-year increase at the midpoint. This range reflects our adjusted Residential revenue guidance for the second quarter -- second half of the year. The company expects third quarter revenue of $692 million to $697 million, representing 11% year-over-year growth at the midpoint of the range. We are increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EBITDA guidance for the year with revised guidance of $195 million to $205 million. For the third quarter of 2024, adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in a range of $47 million to $52 million. I will now turn the call back over to our call, operator, Carmen, to open the line for questions.
Chris Lown: Sure. Thank you for the question. I think a couple of things. Obviously, this was the launch of a new product and there is a lot of brainpower going into -- trying to model out that analysis and what will happen and the initial results were very strong, and therefore, there was a reaction to that. I think what you're seeing now is more of a growing momentum that you'll see evolve over time and while we don't provide quarterly guidance, your numbers make broad sense to me. And so I think what you're seeing is, probably a more appropriate build of the business, hopefully a conservative build of the business. And therefore, I think it's a just a better understanding. I would also highlight as a new launch. As Andy had mentioned, compared to Apartments.com launch, this is phenomenally more successful. And I think we feel good about that and the model outlay and so as Andy said, we are hyper focused on getting Homes.com salespeople in their seats and that momentum will drive further growth as well.
Chris Lown: We did provide guidance to what we did in the second quarter of around 41% and we do expect those to slightly be roughly in the same area.
Chris Lown: Thanks. The ARR question, we had provided previous guidance in the range of $475 million to $500 million and at the lower end of that range is where we still feel comfortable.
Andrew Florance: And again, I would just add that the main issue is rotation of the core sales force back into their core products by their own choice largely and then now you move into the more long-term, as Chris says, into the long-term growth of the core sales group. And definitely a significant number the other product sales groups will keep selling homes because they want to, but you'll be relying on the growth of that dedicated sales force now.
Andrew Florance: Yes. So, I think the number one factor is human behavior and it is the borrowed sales force, a significant number of the borrowed sales force returning to their comfort zone of selling their core products. So, if I've been selling Apartments.com for seven years and doing really quite well, at some point, I feel anxious about selling a new product that I'm not going to be selling long-term. So, it really -- the beginning, middle and end of it is really about building a dedicated sales team just like CoStar has, just like STR has, just like Real Estate Manager has, just like LoopNet has, we got to build that core sales team for Homes.com, so they can sell and service that product as their first priority. And those folks are doing well. I'm happy with the results of this relatively new sales force, we just need to keep growing it. And that will be our priority. But it is -- as I look at where we are, having the traffic that is phenomenal and having the -- both the end users prefer the product over others in our studies and having the agents signifying -- find significant value in what we're doing if they're actually in real estate, is really good, and it gives -- and now it's just a question of building out that dedicated home sales team. But I'm reluctant, and I'm reluctant to pressure high-performing apartments or CoStar or Real Estate Manager salespeople to move into homes when they're really quite good at their core products.
Andrew Florance: Yes. So, as you look at the economic environment we're operating in for Apartments.com, I do believe we are in the Goldilocks zone. So, we don't want to see vacancy rates too high. People then aren't -- don't have liquidity to pay for the ads and we don't want to see them too low because the demand for the ads go down. So, in terms of how we maintain our competitive advantage, we have a robust and broad product development line Apartments.com, you can see the traffic continue to grow. And you can see us consistently outpacing and lead to -- in lead-to-lease conversion, into unaided awareness, and the traffic growth, just all the different metrics, we're doing quite well. And really, it's sort of a broader playbook here where there's a lot of room in this space because most of the apartment units are in the smaller category and in the mom-and-pop individual units and houses. And so frankly, nobody has any real penetration there. I mean it is while we're growing down there, we're in the single-digit penetration. So, there's tons of room for us to grow in there. And you will see likely some other players grow in there, but that's because it's a big market, and we're both developing a big market.
Andrew Florance: Sure. So, continuing to develop products that are geared towards the corporate user, the owner, the lender institutions, that's a wide open area with relatively low penetration rates. And as we add more and more people in those other sectors or segments, it creates more energy in the customer base, brokers are more likely to engage in the product more if corporate users are engaging in the product owners are more likely to engage in the product when corporate users are in the product. So, we're building out a lot of vibrancy in the platform by going into those building features and functions to reach into the segments in which we have historically had -- had not been our first and second priorities but are huge growth areas. Also, we are continuing progress towards moving Germany, France, Spain, some other markets into CoStar, as well as our global hospitality functions. So, I believe, later this year, we'll be releasing the more full STR global functionality. So, global will be another driver. So, I think that those are the main segments. We still have a lot of way to -- I mean, as crazy as it is. All these years later, we still have a lot of brokers to sell to. And increasingly, residential firms over the last 10, 15 years have been doing more commercial. So, as we get into more and more into residential, we'll be providing more CoStar services to folks that you would have viewed as more historically residential. I had a call today with a Head of Sales of CoStar with a major residential player trying to figure out how they could get access to CoStar and LoopNet. And I don't think that call would have happened except for the fact that we're now on that CEO's radar because of Homes.com. So, CoStar Group -- I mean, sorry, CoStar remains the product with, as far as I can tell, after 38 years perpetual growth opportunity.
Andrew Florance: Well, you see that in -- when you've given a fixed number of hours in the day, when those CoStar apartments, LoopNet salespeople shift over and start spending some amount of time selling Homes.com, which they did a lot in the period from February 12 into the second quarter, that comes at some substitution effect where they're selling in the core. So, I think predominantly, any reduction year-over-year is coming from that effort selling into Homes.com.
Andrew Florance: So, I'll let Chris -- after I answer the first part, I'll let Chris answer the revenue guidance on exit ARR. So, I think that big picture, we are coming out with this Homes.com product offering in our first full quarter with a good result, which is more than, when I look at the early stages of Apartments.com, I believe we're running more than double the sales we ran Apartments.com, and it's a question of building it out. So, it's a little early in the first full quarter of launch to call it a stutter because you don't really have a reference point. So, we're -- we -- as we've said earlier, we do not anticipate growing the net investment in the product, but we do have high confidence that we are on the road to building the best site and creating substantial value, and we haven't changed our minds about this. So, we're going to continue investing at that same level. But you can see in our solid EBITDA beat this quarter, you sort of hit the NEDAR [ph] of that reinvestment period. And then, Chris, on the -- he's got the ARR question on exit.
Andrew Florance: Well, I do not believe it is on the same. I believe it was going much faster and will continue to grow much faster than Apartments.com. So, we're constantly evolving the messaging just as we did with Apartments.com and fine-tuning it and shifting various value propositions out in the marketing. I would say that we anticipate similar to Apartments.com relatively constant investment as you build this out and only really increasing investment as we did with Apartments.com in the event that you can see a revenue and EBITDA financial result that's clearly attractive and can be communicated to the investors. But in building out something as valuable as the number one residential portal platform, it doesn't happen in one quarter. It is likely -- it is a multiyear effort, just like Apartments.com and CoStar. So, it is the steady, persistent, consistent, making progress down the road and don't anticipate radical changes anytime soon and don't anticipate increases that would slow EBITDA growth.
Andrew Florance: Sure. So, on the app download side, we are focused first and foremost on web mobile because that is the fastest way to collect traffic. That's the most predominant platform, it reduces friction, people aren't downloading your app to adopt a new product. So, as we're in here in the first couple of months of the new product, our design and development teams prioritize that. I'm sure you've had the experience. If you optimize everything around that web mobile platform, it's a great experience. And that's what we're hearing in the focus group from consumers is that hands down, they prefer it over app or web mobile of any of our competitors. They describe it as clean, they describe it as fast, they describe it as offering a lot more information than any other platform and they describe it as having the benefit of being able to ask the listing agent a quick question, without being hard sold by someone to something you weren't looking to buy. So, I'm sure you've been annoyed before when you're trying to look at something in a web mobile app and up pops the thing saying, okay, stop doing and go into download an app, not very popular. And when we look at numbers that our friends at Google have shared with us, they're pretty compelling and they show that competing sites are pulling de minimis traffic from their app downloads and that still everyone is predominantly competing in the web mobile environment. So, we're doing the app side, and I get it. If you can get everyone hooked on an app, you are less dependent on buying SEM traffic or less dependent organic traffic. But for everyone in the industry, it is overwhelmingly web mobile and so we're keeping up slightly behind the web mobile, we're keeping up app parallel functionality. But right now, we are basically about traffic attainment. And I am thrilled with the work our Homes product team has done and the development team has done building a fantastic web mobile. And so while we're snagging traffic from other folks, we're going on the fastest, most fluid platform, which is web mobile. In social, we're marketing anywhere and everywhere we can pull people at the most cost-effective price. So, yes, we're on -- if you can talk about digital marketing or streaming or anything social, we're on virtually everything. I'm sure you see us everywhere.
Andrew Florance: So, I wouldn't hold you at fault for misinterpreting my bad formulation of the words apparently. But our first and foremost priority is to produce the best site possible for home buyers, which I believe we're doing. And so the home buyer comes first, first, and first and second, third and fourth, right? And so that's what we're doing. What we're trying -- and then -- and for sure, I firmly believe that the your listing, your lead model is preferred by sellers because when they make that important decision to hire a real estate agent to help them get the best result for selling their most important asset, their home, they want that real estate agent they hired to answer that first question for a potential lead, they don't want to go to someone who has never seen their home, knows nothing about their neighborhood. They want the seller -- they want the seller selling agent to get and that's what your listing, your lead model we have has. The agents like the your listing, your lead model because they want to get the leads off their listings. The biggest source of buyer agency leads actually comes from having listings. So, when someone calls on your sale listing, you're generating buyer leads because they are -- nine out of 10 times, they're not buying the house, they first call on. But as an agent, you can get them as a buyer agent show them other homes because you're an expert in the category in the neighborhood they're familiar with. You also get referral commissions and the leads you refer off your listings come back to you as referrals from other people's listings. What we're not doing is stealing everybody's leads and reselling them to a handful of lower-end agents. So, that does not mean that we're not creating buyer agency and we're not focusing on buyers, it means we're doing it more intelligently and we're doing it in a way that resonates with the industry long-term. And frankly, I'm really excited about the fact that I am becoming more and more confident that we have the vastly superior model. And I'm seeing one of our competitors starting to figure that out and attempting to pivot their business, which requires cannibalization of their business. And I see the other competitor not having figured out where they are and what's happening, and that's wonderful. So, we're not saying we're stepping away from buyers or buyer agency, far from it, we're just generating buyer agent more -- buyer agency more harmoniously with the way the industry has historically done it in a more sustainable advantaged way over the long-term. But thank you for giving me a chance to clarify.
Andrew Florance: No offense to Scott Wheeler, who I hope is listening today with a scotch in his hand, but Scott was good. Chris is clearly better, but so be it. And then Cyndi, thank you for all the calls you've done. Cyndi will be rotating to focusing in her new role as Chief Accounting Officer. And then we've gone to the bull pen and we're bringing the ever famous Rich Simonelli back to sit in the Investor Relations' seat. So, next quarter, I hope you'll be joining us, so we can update you, and we'll have Mr. Simonelli back and we'll ask him to play a brief ballot, we're going to ask them to set the preamble to music. Do you think you can do that, Rich? Thank you all for joining us. Look forward to talking to you guys next quarter.
