Andy Florance: Well, thanks, Peter. We are putting a significant amount of effort into our international operations. You'll see that when you look at our outlook, we have significant capital going into our European and Canadian operations. We think that some of the deals, I believe you're referencing, are interesting, but they're not direct parallels to what we're doing. So, they don't really shift the competitive picture in any which way. There we’re watching that and if something came up, that was really interesting we would participate in that. But we're going to continue to be aggressive but measured internet our international operations. But to it, I'll be over there next week. So, we're watching it and continue to build the operations there. We are -- I think at this point we have eight of the top 10 firms in Canada as clients now. And I think we are 9 or 10 of the top 10 in the United Kingdom. So, we’re doing well and Germany is continuing to do well, France and Spain continue to build there. So, we're watching it but not dramatically shifting.
Andy Florance: Yes. I think that the revenue return on LoopNet is a reasonably short cycle. There’ll be a pretty aggressive focus on that product are investment, that product over ‘19 and ‘20 but we think we’ll see results coming from them in the back half of ‘19 and ‘20 and then ongoing. And then, with the IO market, that's probably the more meaningful results there are probably in 2020. And then, for the increase in the Appartments.com budget, we think that while we are taking share and leading the market, we want to keep the pressure up and accelerate to keeping share to widen them out and increase the lead. So, it's a range of different outlooks on these. And we feel pretty solid about all of them.
Andy Florance: Sure. Don't believe the majority -- the substantial majority of this will be price increases. We think that across Europe and Canada and the United States, there are a lot of new revenue opportunities, new customers, additional modules to be purchased, increased purchasing. So, we think a lot of this is share gain and share of wallet. The pricing increases on places like LoopNet, you're shifting your priority from selling a basic ad to a broker for $50, $60 to selling a -- it certainly looks more like an Appartments.com ad with really impactful presentation, sort of the top with more features, and you're selling it to an owner with a lot of economics at stake. And office can be different properties in that mix. And then, new price could go from $60 up to  $6,000 a month. So, there is sort of shift in the budget, shift in the priority or shift in the target audience, shift in the priority. We don't anticipate getting the $3 billion in revenue by simply increasing the same customer’s price for the same product.
Andy Florance: That's a good question. And it'll be a little challenging to go into too much detail on it. We have thought about that. We don't think we need to do that. We actually are going to initially go to market really focusing on the branding of CoStar marketing network. Because if you own a say -- expected of new office building in Washington D.C., we're actually providing our customers with a whole range of marketing solutions. We enable that owner to reach the professional community by carrying these ads into the CoStar network. We're carrying them into CityFeet, into Showcase into CoStar, we also power websites through LoopLink. We also have email marketing campaigns through CDX direct, our direct email marketing product. And then, we've got tactical and analytical support where we can produce analysis on the amount of demand and supply for the particular kind of products you're producing and where you may want to position the product and pricing or how you may want to subdivide it, or what terms you may want to consider. And then, we're also uniquely providing the biggest end user audience through LoopNet. So, we can -- and there's two or three other items. But as we put all this together, we're going to simplify it into a network sale, the way we simplify Apartments.com into a network sale. And LoopNet is just one component of this whole range of very valuable marketing solutions for getting a property lease at the best price in the shortest timeframe on huge economics. And then, we think that over time as we shift the way LoopNet looks and feels and it goes -- it becomes much more polished, has more breadth of data, has a lot of content, articles that demystify some of the leasing process and investing process. As we shift it from industry jargon to more plain English, as we add in a lot more sort of exciting shopping characteristics, stuff like where are the best places to eat launch at this particular property, what your community’s going to look like all that kind of stuff. We think the LoopNet brand itself will be a good brand to carry because it's already super well-known. And what we're doing is just moving it more up market and targeting a slightly different audience while continuing to target the original audience. So, we think we're pretty happy with the CoStar marketing network at this point.
Andy Florance: Well, when you ask has CoStar reached the saturation point, all I can say is, huh! So, yes, I mean, absolutely not. There are so many different ways that the CoStar product is growing and adding more value. In preparing for this earnings call last night, I was just curious about some of those apartment stats and what the mix of units are different. And I was like, well to go into CoStar and pull some of this data according to company estimate. And man! What a phenomenal product. The ability to like -- actually get a really good data on the mix of apartment units of different sized community, it didn't exist in the product a couple years ago is invaluable. I can't imagine someone investing in the apartment sector without that information. I've been at this -- as we mentioned, I guess since we went public were approximately 25% compound annual growth rate. At the point we went public, there was a lot of discussion about the fact that CoStar was saturated, and five years before that there was discussion around CoStar saturated. I spent my entire career hearing about CoStar is saturated pretty much from the really the first or second year we launched CoStar. In my view, not a chance, not even a chance. Unfortunately, if I work another 20 years like my dad, I will not outlive the potential to saturate the CoStar market. But, it's just one man's wishy-washy opinion, but solidly no.
Andy Florance: I have to say that if I were to look at my wish list from beginning of 2018 on the sort of structural improvements, we would like to complete on our sales force, we have -- I feel that we've accomplished a lot of those goals. We have one or two things to do in terms of go-to-market strategy on major accounts in CoStar. But over the years, I don't think I've been to place where I feel like our sales force is more stable than it is now. We've got a good Appartments.com sales team led by Paige Forrest who is a very-experienced sales professional. We got Max Linnington doing a fantastic job. What's happening now is really tweaking a strong group. And we're still probably a year out from anything that would be a major structural change, driven by a change in our acquisition or some other significant change. So, we're in pretty stable place.
Andy Florance: That's one of the nice things that we love about the marketplaces. The fact that you're in the data business helps you to perform much more effectively in the marketplace and the fact that you then do well in the marketplace feature data business with some really exciting and valuable data. And it keeps your costs lower overall than if you were in just one or the other of the markets. So, we're able to afford to get data and content that we otherwise probably couldn't afford. We can provide consumers with information and marketplaces that we normally would never pay for, if we didn't have an offsetting revenue stream and information. So, yes, success in the IO market will generate a massive amount of real time and accounting grade data. It also gives you really interesting data or you can understand pricing and relationship to credit and risk and you also will be -- it also could have a potential of generating new sorts of credit information that's very valuable to independent owners. And the independent owner data, the data that you generate from the independent owner side is equally valuable to the institutional players because the renters move back and forth between the different markets. And so, it's all very interesting to both those groups, and certainly a Greystar property that offers a lot in a given market, it also -- its pricing is driven by what's happening in the IO market all around it in the neighborhood. There is high substitution between those two segments. So, yes, if you're data nerd, pretty exciting data coming out of the project on success.
Andy Florance: So, I’ll let -- take that and flip it around. I’ll say that highly likely that we would do -- continue to do acquisitions as we've done successfully for 20 years. And the size of acquisitions we do, we continue to do smaller deals and mid size deals, but we keep gradually escalating the scale of some of the deals we do. So, we believe it's quite likely that we'll use that buying power to do transactions in a reasonably short timeframe. In terms of how much we…
Andy Florance: I think with that we are done with the Q&A period. And thank you all for joining us. And don't forget, CoStar is not saturated. I'm excited about the many tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of additional future clients we have ahead of us. Thank you for joining us.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. So, the margin accretion, clearly you can throttle it pretty rapidly as we just showed this last year. We had 600 basis points. And then, the year, for example, in 2017, when we did the research investments, we slowed it back down and had modest margin growth. It's not inconceivable to see 100 to 200 basis points margin growth a year pretty simply, and still have room like we have in this plan for 2019 to make significant investments for future growth. So, that's all pretty stable from an organic perspective. And I can see us getting -- if nothing else changes and you keep driving this organic growth, you certainly can get over that 40% margin in the business, can capably do that in the five years. The real wildcard in some of this is the amount of acquisition we're going to be doing, the margin profiles of acquisitions that we buy, how that dilutes over time. And so you heard us be a little bit cautious in saying it's 40% plus, and that really depends on what happens with the acquisition path, what those look like, and the timing of them and then how long it takes to move the margins of the businesses we acquire up to our natural margins. When we look at the margins of the different product sectors that we’re in, our marketplaces typically run the very highest margins that are 50% plus margin profiles in the marketplaces and then now with CoStar being in that historically 30% to 40% range, depending on the investments we make, you're going to see both sides of the business grow pretty substantially. I think, you'll see apartments obviously will outpace CoStar in a couple years, given our current growth trajectories. And so, I think you'll get that information in investment side of things coming in the 30%, 40% margins, see the marketplaces as they really continue to scale rapidly, moving up in those 40%, 50% plus margins.
Scott Wheeler: We had a better crystal ball on the quarterly sales numbers, Bill, and we watched this for so long. You see how they bounce up and down. $5 million swings quarter to quarter isn't unheard of depending on what we're focused on, what part of the business we're generating, timing of renewals on contracts. So, we always want to make sure that we don't get too far ahead of ourselves when we have a lot of plans for the year. And we'll continue to start the year that way and hopefully we'll get to the point where you can do our forecasting for us, because your numbers will be a lot better than mine, I'm sure as we keep going. But we did have a good quarter in the fourth quarter, but those bounce around between quarters. So, we'll give ourselves time to sell out from under those in the first two quarters of this year.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. They run broadly in line with the numbers I gave a bit earlier on I think someone asked one of the other questions of how much we're spending in the different investments. And those are broadly people driven. The marketing side will be concentrated clearly more on the apartments in the LoopNet side, that's where the marketplace is set. But we are adding a decent amount of resourcing into to LoopNet, into technology. And then, when we say modest for sales, I consider that's less than 10%, which is still -- could be 50 to 75 people easily for sales force of that size. So, our big area of research, we're finding that they're getting so much good productivity, that's one area we don't need to add a lot of people as our Listing Manager products are freeing up resources that we then deploy on to owner and lender products and into helping support LoopNet. So, it's not going to be in the research world, it's going to be mostly in technology and the resources going into the building those investments and in the international marketplaces and independent owner space.
Scott Wheeler: On the cash side, we’re going to get about $400 million of free cash coming out this next year. So, we'll be adding to our cash piles unless we're doing large acquisitions… 
Scott Wheeler: New carpet, $399 million, $10.5 million we’ll generate this year. I think we had $300 million of free cash flow in 2018, it will go to $400 million next year. So, we definitely don't need all that to run the business. We need to get out there and keep adding new capabilities and bigger ones too.
