Brian J. Radecki: Wow. Hold on, you guys, I need to help Andy get the oxygen tank turned on. Hold on. Hear, Andy. Here you go.
Brian J. Radecki: So I have a stopwatch in front of me from Rich, so I have to go fast. But the problem is, is that legal keeps extending my script. So if I read fast through parts of it, those are the parts that are very repetitive but, apparently, very necessary. As Andy mentioned, we're very pleased with our performance in the third quarter of 2014. CoStar Group's organic business continues to show solid top line growth, and EBITDA margins continue to expand while making great progress integrating Apartments.com. The strong year-to-date performance has created an opportunity for us to further invest in our core proprietary data and information assets. We have begun to do so, and we will continue through to 2015 to accelerate future revenue growth. Starting with CoStar's results for the third quarter 2014, the company reported $153.1 million of revenue, an increase of 36% compared to the third quarter of 2013. On a pro forma basis, our year-over-year revenue growth accelerated to 13.9% for the third quarter of 2014 versus the pro forma third quarter of 2013 adjusted to include Apartments.com revenue. EBITDA increased to -- $13.9 million to $43.7 million in the third quarter of 2014, up from $29.8 million, or 47%, for Q3 last year. We reported adjusted EBITDA of over $50 million, $51.8 million to be exact, for the third quarter of 2014, which is an increase of $14.1 million, or approximately 37%, compared to the third quarter of last year. Non-GAAP net income for Q3 of 2014 was $27.9 million, or $0.87 per diluted share, which is a 38% increase in the -- from the third quarter of 2013. Gross margin was $112.1 million for the quarter or 73.3% of revenue. This is an increase from 71.8% of revenue in Q3 of 2013 reflecting the continued strength of the business model. Reconciliations of non-GAAP net income, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and all other financial measures discussed in this call under GAAP basis results shown in detail along with definitions for those terms in our press release issued yesterday are available on our website at www.costar.com (sic) [www.costargroup.com]. And if you have any questions, just email jcoleman@costar.com.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes. I mean, I think, I basically gave people the exact number. If you included a pro forma of Apartments, year-over-year was 13.9%. Apartments was growing last -- when we bought them at about 10%. Now it's growing at 18%. That's probably higher than normal because some of the conversions that we talked about. But I think in general the entire business is sort of growing in that 12%, 13%, 14%, 15% range with some pieces growing higher and some pieces growing lower than others.
Brian J. Radecki: Sir, yes, I mean, I think you can calculate it. I mean, essentially the $20 million to $25 million is all going to be your cost of sales. So, obviously, you can look at sort of what run rate -- where we're at this year. And if you add that for next year, I didn't calculate it, but it's probably a couple percent on gross margin. And then again, once you ramp up the headcount, then you'll have a basically a suppressing of margins for 2 or 3 quarters as we ramp up headcount. And then they should continue to grow again after that. We've already begun that process, so I think we already have 150 people here, and that's really been within the last 3 or 4 weeks. So you'll see that impact in the fourth quarter gross margins. And then it will continue into the first quarter and probably a little bit into the second quarter as we basically fully ramp up the hiring. So I would expect pressure on the gross margin line for 2 quarters possibly 3. And then I think it goes back to sort of as looked at it prior at a growing -- whatever it was growing, up 1%-or-so a quarter.
Brian J. Radecki: And just to add onto that the, so -- I mean, clearly, we're -- there's a lot of moving pieces in '15. It's an investment year and sort of a pivotal year with a lot of pieces moving. So I think we both believe '16 growth rates can be higher. The only thing I would just caution everybody on, and I hate to always be the guy to say that, that we plan on growing and accelerating growth and through the sales force and all the initiatives that we're doing, but remember, you lose about 1.5% to 2% every year at the size that we're at. So we 100% have to generate more and more dollars from all these products and services in order to continue to maintain and be in that 12%, 13%, 14%, 15% range. So I agree with what Andy said, I just want to add that there's a mechanical modeling thing that you have to just be aware of.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes. So the LoopNet sort of an annual contract sales were down a little bit compared to last year. Prior to that could be some of the things that we're tweaking. We are tinkering with it and testing various things, which I think we talked about pretty extensively on the call. So we are looking to transition LoopNet to a pure marketing solution. So I think that will probably have some impact for the next few quarters. But I think, overall, very strong quarter overall for the sales group and, obviously, for the core CoStar.
Brian J. Radecki: And I think -- and one more thing that just come to mind, Sara, which I think we've talk about prior is that as you take an entire contract base of $80 million or $100 million or whatever it was when we bought it, which there was no annual contracts and will -- in the longer term go through a similar thing with Apartments, and you start successfully moving them onto annual contracts, that's a huge deal to have somebody renew on the annual contracts. But what that does happen is as you start getting to the bulk of them, where now we're at 40%, 50% of them is, as you start getting even at a 90% renewal rate, you start getting those cancels in there, which will affect that sort of -- some of those numbers. So again, I think, all positives. I think things are all moving in the right direction. We're really happy with it, but there's 2 or 3 things that I think affect it.
Brian J. Radecki: If people want to know why, just look at the past 2 or 3 years. So it's funny. We talk about dropping $0.70 to $0.80 in the bottom line and for the past 2 or 3 years, people keep telling me it's been 100% to 110%. So I think if you look at the past 2 or 3 years and even though 2015 is turning out to be an investment year, I think if you look at the ramp the last 2 or 3 years, it will show you that you can get there by 2018, I think, very confidently. The investments that we're making are core investments in areas where we have so much experience. I mean, I've been here going on 18 years. Andy has been doing this 25 years or maybe even longer. He's getting mad because I'm not giving him credit, okay, 30 years. No, I'm sorry, 40 years, he was doing this when he was in grade school. So like going into Canada, obviously, is a decision that we need to do. But like -- we've been expanding in the markets time and time again. Look at the success all across the U.S. Look at the success in the U.K. So we have tons of models on this. I mean, we're -- I just -- I have an awful lot of confidence because a lot of the investments are going into places that we know, we know very well, and we model very well, and I have a lot of confidence in having the ability. I think the core model can drop $0.70, $0.80 to the bottom line. Obviously, we can tweak levers very easily to make it even higher at different points. So I think making the investments in '15 really sets us up really, really well for '16, '17 and '18. I feel good [ph].
Brian J. Radecki: I can do anecdotal. Yes, I mean, I think it's been pretty good. I think it's actually -- it's sort of about where we were modeling, somewhat lower, I think, for the newer group you're sort of in the 30% to 40% range. I think the groups that have been there for over a couple years continues to be in the sub-20s. So I don't think -- from our models, and I know we talked about this in the past, I think the turnover is pretty consistent to what we were expecting. And as far as like -- we don't really guide on it, but I think we've talked about this. When you hire that many people, it's not that you drop another 150 people in 1 month and then they all mature at 1 month. They come in at 20 per class, 15, 20, 25 per class over months and months and months, and therefore, they mature over months and months and months really over like 1 year. And then if you lose 30% to 40% the first shot round and then you eventually get that next round 20%. Then you're sort of backfilling again. So it's really a 2- or 3-year process when you do this. And so my expectation, and then Andy can talk about his expectation, is that, obviously, you would have solid bookings growth really throughout the year. Like, I don't expect a big spike up or a big spike down. I think it's going to be pretty consistent throughout the year. And Andy, I don't know if you want to add to that.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, I mean, I think that after the Apartments acquisition, we just sort of set the '18 goal out there, which everybody can calculate sort of the CAGR, and it's a fairly reasonable CAGR, compound annual growth rate, in the low to mid-teens between now and then. So I think we feel pretty confident about the 2018 goal.
Brian J. Radecki: I'll start it and Andy can jump in. So the majority of it's research. We're going to add probably 300 researchers so people can calculate that. We're also in Canada, expanding across Canada. There's some governmental datasets and some other things that are very expensive that we need to get. So I would say the vast majority of that is research. And so whether it's research for debt and equity or research in Canada, it's sort of spread across all those would be the majority of it.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, I think you're close. I don't know the exact number, but the exact calculation is 13.9%, so you can back into that, so it's like 22.5% or something like or 22.4% on a pro forma basis for them last year.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes. I mean, I think -- I mean, I'll try to simplify it. I mean, I didn't -- I'm not really coming out with guidance right now. I mean, the reality is we just started a -- I mean, I'll give you some commentary. The reality is we literally just started the detailed budget and operating plan process, which will be presented to our board in December. So it's kind of I don't really want to get out there. And obviously, when you look at all the projects, there's a lot of moving parts, there's a lot of things we're testing and analyzing or hiring researchers. So there's a lot going on here as most people know and expect. So I mean, I'm not really prepared to give a goal. My just [ph] view is that -- I mean, obviously with everything going on 2015 is sort of an investment year. I really think it sets up '16, '17 '18 really, really well. I tried to give people some of the pieces. I mean, obviously, you guys didn't have $20 million to $25 million investments into mainly research in the model. I don't think people were expecting us to expand to Canada. Obviously, we took this opportunity to make that decision. So what I would do is just go through, and I'd sort of look at sort of -- again, whatever your models, the consensus models, and I would just make sure that you're adding in these new things that we've talked about. And I don't know what that adds up to because I haven't actually -- like I said, I'm just going through the process now. Obviously, there's going to be more investments next year than people -- than we're talking about prior. But I think it sets us up very, very nicely. The stuff with for LoopNet, I mean, obviously, we're -- that could very -- is to what could happen there. But I view that as sort of a transition process sort of an in and out. What will impact us in '15 will come back to us by the time we get to '16, '17, '18. So really, the more permanent cost structure will be the research, and again, I feel great about that because we've been doing this for a long time. We've entered a lot of cities, and we got a lot of confidence, and we know we'll be making a lot of money come a few years down the road.
Andrew C. Florance: And we're also considering some incremental marketing investments to look at the mix that we're addressing. So these are all different factors that would give you that same [ph] result.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. I feel very good about all these pieces coming together. Obviously, they're coming together in a pretty large scale, but there is a very nice dovetail between debt and equity, Apartments.com products, both in marketing and information, and traditional business. One of the nice things about Apartments.com is it's giving us additional scale in order to justify a deeper, stronger footprint at the local level, and it gives us additional relationships into people that may own a series of apartment buildings in Richmond, Virginia, but they also own some office buildings, just in recent retail properties. So it's just increasing the scale of our distribution channel, and they're all interconnected. Very little of it's disconnected. So it's -- and in particular, when you look at things like the LoopNet customer base for information was historically stronger in areas where we didn't have as much scale and we didn't have as active a field sales force. With the merger with Apartments.com, we are building a much stronger combined sales force down into tertiary markets and secondary markets in the United States, which are still huge markets. So it's a lot of work to put these pieces together, and you do get some frictional bumps here and there as you should do it. But it looks very, very positive for the story that you'll be able to -- we hope we'll be able to communicate in 2015 will be directionally clear that could lead to something more impressive than the teens.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, for sure. I mean, the people we've got, there are -- as we grow, there are a number of very diverse roles within our sales force. So like in a Washington, D.C., you've got farmers who are dealing with our major-market customers. So we have 150 customers represent a disproportionate amount of our revenue in Washington. So it's farmer customers, their ability to maintain those relationships. We have debt and equity farmers, debt and equity hunters. We've got -- now we've got the general sales force dealing with the core of the business and then Apartments.com, farmers and apartments.com hunters and management levels in there. So we are able to find lots of good homes for the salespeople we've got. The kinds of things we're looking to probably build are management roles with that sort of thing we love to find where someone is good at selling lead generation and information or at marketing and information. The good news is that over 100 of our traditionally information-focused salespeople on the CoStar side have proven their ability to sell significant amounts of advertising revenue in the past year. So we're getting a sales force now that can really be multifunction, play multiple roles, bat left or bat right. So it's an important thing. We're definitely, definitely tweaking it, structuring it and looking for some new slots. We're very happy with the core we have.
Andrew C. Florance: We also have minor impact from significantly increasing our credit card security level. And then -- which caused credit card expiration changes and the like in our billing, which had some temporary impacts. But the net -- it's a net positive because we dramatically increased our security level on [ph] credit cards.
Andrew C. Florance: And when you're feeling that things are pretty solid, we are making some choices to do some things that are the right decision for 9 months out but are not the right decision for this month.
Andrew C. Florance: And we have the ability to clearly communicate what's happening throughout the year in 2015. And I would -- you've been watching this company for a while, and there are multiple cases where you make an incremental investment in some researchers and then you come out of it. And I was always surprised at that trajectory. And for example, when you look at the United Kingdom this quarter, revenue growing 22% in the first 9 months of '14 and EBITDA at $1.9 million in the first 9 months compared to negative $3.9 million in the same period in 2013. So that's the kind of -- after you've made some of those investments, you get this sort of slingshot effect.
Andrew C. Florance: Yes. And so my impression is that our turnover rates are better than the longer-term averages right now, especially where it matters the most, which is the experienced salespeople. The -- I anticipate getting a significant increase in productivity on the Apartments.com side. So I can look at -- and you can see that in the sales -- in the unit production numbers I just gave you. So when you look at what they were doing last year, what they're doing now, we're seeing a continuous trend of productivity improvement there. I am, again, very excited about being able to build a much stronger, deeper sales force by being able to link up some of the work the Apartments folks are doing with what the CoStar folks are doing and layering in a much stronger debt and equity component. So these are -- will be moving towards some higher-dollar sales numbers. And so I like those trends, and I think that gives you upward pressure on productivity. Also, as we consider ways to discontinue lower new low-priced information products with lots of buy it for 4 months, turn it off for a month, buy it for 4 months, turn it off. When you discontinue those sorts of products and move people into higher-value longer-term products, that would also feed our sales force with a huge volume of highly qualified leads. So that also drives productivity up. So there's some heavy lifting to do culturally and strategically with merging together these 2 large sales forces, but I believe that we'll have that done by mid next year, and they'll be really hitting some high productivity.
Andrew C. Florance: Yes, and there is some increase in sales, not it's more filling in infrastructure and a lot of the debt and equity roles will be filled by existing salespeople, I think, will perform fantastically in those roles. It's more filling in management infrastructure, some player coach roles and smaller team size and more markets. It might include more field sales offices. It would include some marketings -- incremental marketing spend, which we're continuing to evaluate right now what the right level is. Software is going up slightly, but we're really doing it with the team that we have with Apartments.com and with existing LoopNet, CoStar teams, are, I think, doing a great job at handling the workload right now and turning in a great performance. So it's a little bit. But -- that's what we're thinking about it.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. So the accounts we're signing up now are basically identical to the accounts we've been signing up historically, so it feels very similar. And they tend to be in communities that are 120 units or larger. In 2015, we're going to expand our efforts to work the whole spectrum from 20 units plus with some various product offerings. So it feels very similar in apples-to-apples. The -- there is progress occurring on selling information into the Apartments.com audience. It does seem like every single meeting I have with any prospective client for Apartments.com advertising turns the conversation to information pretty quickly. So there seems to be clear demand from my experience, and I've actually gone into some small apartment owner-developers in some small cities, and I keep running into the fact that someone else from the office has just bought CoStar Property and I was there to see them about Apartments.com. So it appears to be working, and we're lining up, frankly, we're doing this, we're lining up a significant launch effort in the first part of next year. So we're trying to sort through a concerted push with some significant improvements to CoStar property in 2015. So we're not -- I'm holding off pushing the sales force aggressively into that space until the first quarter, until we can give them a couple more tools in the toolkit and get them fired up about it.
Andrew C. Florance: I would say expectations are definitely increasing across the board: U.K., Canada, U.S. Definitely increasing. For all the salespeople out there listening every single time we hit a number, the expectation always goes up.
Andrew C. Florance: And I do have to say that all these decisions, right now, when you look at how the company feels right now, I feel like we have never had a stronger capability in the teams, albeit systems, research, economics, sales, finance, all different components are incredibly strong right now, and the opportunities are significant, and the cohesiveness is good. So I feel like we have a very strong engine and some tailwinds, so we're running it flat out, frankly. And so we're just running every single element. But I really like the get 2-for-1 sort of efficiencies we're getting. So that when you're pursuing a revenue opportunity in the apartment space, you are, for free, driving a revenue opportunity in the information space in the debt and equity side. So we're basically, that's where we're pursuing it, and the decisions that, obviously, for competitive reasons, we can't discuss every single detail and because we're still formulating the budget, making some decisions, you can't formulate every single -- you can't discuss every single decision. But I'll tell you that the decisions are not difficult to make. They're clear. So we feel pretty good about it right now.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, I definitely appreciate everyone joining us on the call. I apologize for the friction between Brian and Jon. I'll take them to lunch, try to work it out. But another great quarter, and congrats to the team.
