Andrew C. Florance: No. It still remains a massive cross-sell opportunity. In fact, December was an unusually high month of CoStar property subscriptions, I mean really surprisingly so. I mean, there's lots of different revenue drivers in the business, but if you look at a chart of new CoStar subscribers on the information side month by month, December stuck out -- stood out like Everest. So it's not going away, it's still there. We still have 50,000 to 100,000 people to try to sell our information who are not yet buying CoStar property or suite. So that remains a very important audience for us to sell to. Conversely, we're also very focused on selling the LoopNet marketing to the CoStar audience. But as a metric now, it sort of refers back the acquisition, and I want to get the sales people a little more focused on total revenue, not on a metric around an acquisition. So I'm just trying -- and then also, it's 2 -- it's a metric that's driving sales force behavior in a way that I think we want to pull them back from a little bit.
Andrew C. Florance: They are below trend-line productivity. Like, well, they're where we expect them to be, which is below trend-line productivity. And their productivity over the next 2 or 3 years can grow typically 300%. And then again, I was looking at a chart last night that shows when we add a large number of new sales people to the mix, the existing sales people who act as mentors also come down a little bit. So I would expect them to begin to pick up their productivity as we move into the second, third and fourth quarter. But even if they pick up their productivity in the third quarter, those are bookings that's not going to really move the dial meaningfully on the revenue side. So, I mean, sure, I look forward to the point at which they are beginning to take effect, but we've been through this 2 or 3x in the past as we grew from 10 to 30 and then we went from 30 to 70 and from 70 to 120. Each time we do that, you put that expense out there, some anxiety around the 2 quarters where you're not seeing an immediate return and then you begin to see a new higher level of production. And I'd just stick with what we already talked about and stay reasonably conservative.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. I'll give you something I was looking at last week, which is a slightly nerdy answer to your question but we took -- I took longer-term revenue trends for Washington, L.A., Baltimore, Boston, Charlotte, just a number of sort of prototypical markets for us. And I look and I took those revenue streams, the subscription revenue streams and LoopNet revenue streams and I divide that revenue by the number of people in the particular city we are serving with that revenue stream. And then I set the starting point not to a calendar date but to quarter 1, quarter 2, quarter 3, quarter 4, and then did a polynomial regression on the revenue growth path of those different cities. And it's really quite amazing. So like if you look at Los Angeles, it grows at 0.004 x squared, which x is the quarter that's you're in as a revenue per person and population. So we're reaching and -- and our score on that is 0.994, and you get basically a 0.94 on Washington the same way. So you get a really tight, really tight sort of polynomial on these revenues and you get exactly the same formula on several of these older markets. So what's that mean? That means that Washington is now generating about $4 per person per year in the population. And a newer market like a Charlotte might be doing $1 or $2 per person per population, but it's following the exact same curve. Now if I take all the markets, if I take all the markets which range from very young like Toronto, which is -- we may have a contract at this point, which would make it day 0, and an oldest market like Washington D.C., and you just accelerate them on this curve. You take where they are and accelerate on this curve, it implies a market size of $2.4 billion in revenue in 2024, which is really quite optimistic. But that's basically just an empirical analysis of a very consistent long-term market-by-market trend. So the longer we are in a market, the more revenue per person in the population we're getting in, perhaps there's some Metcalfe's Law operating there. Perhaps we are creating more opportunities for people to earn brokerage commissions by making their business more profitable. A lot of different ways you can analyze that. So that, for me, I can give you a hypothetical size of market looking at penetration rates. I can say, gosh, we're 16% penetrating to brokers. We're probably, I'm guesstimating, 4%, 5% penetrated to owners, I could say. And obviously, we have the biggest players in these markets. We have all the CBREs and the JLL's and the top retail owners and so on and so forth. But there are still 100,000-plus people who make a living in -- 100,000-plus firms that make a living each and every day around commercial real estate that are not yet our customers that we believe will become our customers. And for the 150,000-plus who are our customers today, there is no shortage of additional products and services we believe we can sell these people. So if you ever are suffering from really debilitating insomnia, I would invite you to come spend some time with me and we can run some polynomial regressions against our historical revenue trends because they're really, really quite predictable.
Andrew C. Florance: And intuitively, typical information is about 1% of new asset class and you can say global commercial property is approximately $50 trillion. And you can do the math from there and it will clearly indicate that the size of the market opportunity is larger than our current meager revenues.
Andrew C. Florance: I just want to give you the exact formula. It is revenue per person to population equals 0.0004 x squared where x is the quarter, how many quarters you've been in the market, and then there's an [indiscernible] adjustment, which is not really relevant.
Andrew C. Florance: We believe all these revenues we give up this year comes back in later time periods with a better client relationship, higher renewal rates at a higher price point.
Andrew C. Florance: And to add a little color to that, Bill, so I think that when you look at that sort of funny I looked back at some of these company like Trulia and Zillow, I mean they have like 1 million, 2 million in their first year, 1.5 years. So I have less than 1 million in my model. The fact that we're starting to be -- right now it's basically being tested with a handful of people really won't be fully rolled out, as Andy said, for 6 months or so. Again, I think this is something that comes in the back half of this year where because there -- could there be some upside from that? And the answer is yes, then obviously I would expect in '15, '16, '17, I think this can be a long driver of revenue for years to come.
Andrew C. Florance: So I believe the -- fairly confident that the rate of addition for the existing core business will absolutely come down, we will not be growing 70% next year, 70% the year thereafter. We'll continue to grow at a slower pace, more measured pace. And while we may be able to hire folks who may have more experience with the advertising side, specifically something like a Trulia, a Zillow, it's more -- our business is fairly unique and there are not a lot of sales people that have experience in what we sell, so unfortunately, there is not a ready pool of folks who know how to sell this particular set of products to this particular audience. It's probably a dozen or so not working for CoStar.
Andrew C. Florance: Bill, just to add a little bit more color to that, too, is that if you actually looked at this, we talked about this pretty extensively last year. We are changing out the plumbing in the hotel while we're still selling the rooms. So we are -- the total sales headcount that I gave you guys is only up 5% or 6%. It wasn't like we added a lot onto the total amount but we have to carefully move them and in a lot of cases, replace it to increase that field sales force, right. And then we talked about this pretty extensively actually for the past 4 or 5 years, so we did that. And if you look at the sales numbers, we are putting up some pretty strong sales numbers. So I think I feel good about -- that was a very careful sort of moving of numbers. So the total sales people, which we went back to the LoopNet acquisition, we said, hey, in total, we have enough, we just don't have them in the right areas. So I think we did a -- I think we did a good job of essentially doing what we told people we were going to do, now we have to get them up to speed. I would like, as we move into '15, '16 and beyond to continue to see the field sales force growing, the core field sales force which is driving the core of the business up, those numbers up 10%, 15%, 20% for years and years to come because of the size of the opportunity. I think obviously we have to swallow this down this year. But again, it doesn't mean the total size of the sales force has to grow that much because I think, again, it's just moving them into the right places. So I feel pretty good about where we're entering this year. And I think by the end of the year, we'll all feel pretty good about the productivity.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. So remember, Fusion, the concept of rehabilitating the overall product suite and eventually integrating a lot of these acquired components into 1 integrated software suite is a multiyear effort. And we think it's probably 5 major product releases each time, putting out 5 major product enhancements is sort of a rough approximation of the way I think about it. And so what we released recently was just round 1. So we've got 20% of the way there, we've got a fair amount of work to go and a number of years to do it. I believe it is short in the sales cycle. I believe it's increasing the close rate. We are still in a mode where we are keeping our pricing somewhat aggressive to trying to get additional share and convert more people in from the LoopNet information side where they were paying pretty much 1/5, 1/10 of what they were paying for the CoStar side. I think it is when you look at the CoStar-property-only renewal rate running in the 94.5% range, something like that, it's -- I think that it is contributing to a higher renewal rate. So when I look at cancellations, it is -- I think it's helping their, which contributes to overall net growth. And more importantly, our clients like it. Our clients are just really quite happy with the product and we feel better about the business when the clients are happy. And I just got one note that someone just slipped into me, we got our first Canadian contract, so JLL just signed up for our Toronto services. So we now have revenue in Canada.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. So I would like to see us get to profitability and a respectable margin in Canada dramatically faster than we got to profitability on the new platform in the United Kingdom. The United Kingdom, I believe was unusually complex because it's one of the most sophisticated commercial real estate markets in the world and we had 8 little companies we were integrating and that just made the -- and modifying the data model across all of those were a little more complicated. So I think, Canada, will get profitable quicker there. We would like to see the United Kingdom and potentially, Canada, at the 30% margin range before we really consider aggressive additional international expansion. One of the things on future international expansion is we would probably do that expansion in closer alignment with our biggest international customers. So we have conversations from time to time with our biggest international customers about how we might be able to meet their needs on -- their needs to have Internet marketplaces to generate leads for their listings globally. If we were to do a more LoopNet-like product internationally, I believe that is much lower investment cost with a faster return. You can begin to generate revenue in markets, learn the nuances of the markets and then later come in with the more expensive heavy investment commitment CoStar property traditional full information model. So bottom line is do not look beyond Canada, do not look for any sort of EBITDA dilution in the near term from international expansion. You'll see more domestic initiatives -- and significant domestic initiatives. And -- but we want to -- we still want to be able to show the investors the proof point that this is an international business, and that we'll be able to deliver on that promise intermediate term.
Andrew C. Florance: Thank you very much. And I appreciate all of you joining us for this year-end conference call. We look forward to updating you on our progress shortly. Thank you.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, and I think, just to add onto that, to answer your question simply, the answer is yes. I think as you exit '14 into '15, I think we're setting up the back half of this year, at the end of the year and going into '15 I think should be a strong year. And obviously, each quarter, we're going to be reporting on the sales force and sort of productivity. As far as I said, if you look at it, the majority of sales force was ended -- or added sort of toward the tail half of last year. We actually at the sales conference, we're talking to people that actually had not started yet but came to the sales conference anyways. So I think the reality is you're going to spend the majority of the first half of this year with all your experienced people training all the other half of the sales force which is inexperienced. So I feel really good about it as we exit this year -- yes, as you exit this year and you go into '15, I definitely think we should be seeing increasing growth rates there, so I feel pretty good about it.
Brian J. Radecki: No, I think 80 or 90. If you look at it, I'll give you the numbers again. We have 212 sort of core field reps today. It was versus 124 last year so if you apply a modest turnover to the 124, you figure out we're at 212 now, essentially half our sales force has been here, has experience, and half is in the first quarter or 2. So that will ramp up over the next. Like I said, as you start to get through the back half of this year, and then I think we should be going into 2015 with a fairly strong ramp on the sales productivity. And then, of course, that will continue to ramp through '15 and into '16. So I think the increase in size of the sales force will really carry us through the back half of this year and then through '15 and '16. And I think there's plenty of opportunity for upside with the productivity in the sales force. Obviously, the better job we can do to get them up to speed faster, the better the numbers can be.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, I mean, I think it just spread throughout the year. I'm not going to keep -- I think I probably won't talk about it the rest of the year, I mean I think we sort of gave you -- I prepped everybody last year, I gave it you guys this quarter. Now we'll just move forward. It's spread pretty ratably. I mean essentially what it is, is we have 0 people in our sales force selling 2 or 3 or 4 different products that we believe are redundant. So those will just sort of burn off throughout the year. These are monthly and quarterly contracts that have high churn, they're old stuff that's redundant, so I'm obviously not going to talk much about it but it will be spread pretty much throughout the year.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes. And I basically factored all that in and I factored both the revenue and the earnings in my guidance, so I think it's pretty much now will be spread throughout the year. And I think you won't really see much of it after that.
Brian J. Radecki: So depending upon what the client is buying is basically a share of voice, or they're buying a percentage of the searches in a particular ZIP code that they might be interested in. So if you're a New York broker, you might be buying office searches in 10019. So that ranges from a couple hundred dollars a month for some ZIP codes on up to thousands of dollars a month for another ZIP code. You can buy -- in that case, you're buying anywhere from 10% to 100% of the share voice. And the more share voice sold, the price goes up in that particular ZIP code. This is, I believe, this is comparable to the main revenue drivers for a Zillow or Trulia or a Move. So I believe that this is something that has well over $100 million of revenue potential. It is only a handful of people in our sales force who are selling it today. We are basically opening up the software and providing the basic training required to the rest of the sales force to begin to enable them to sell it. And then we'll be looking at selling it from inside sales teams as well. So it will take us probably 6 months to really get this ramped up to everyone selling it and folks beginning to figure out what their particular sales pitch is around the particular product.
Brian J. Radecki: I do apologize because I do not have that particular number. What I can guesstimate is that it did continue to track as we thought it would because, again, the surprising -- based upon the surprising increase in CoStar subscriptions in December, it was an unusual number. I cannot believe that the rate did not continue to move upward, so it's probably approaching that 40%. We also invested a lot of -- I mean a lot of time and effort in the third and fourth quarter in training managers and sales people on how to effectively do the cross-selling of LoopNet to CoStar on the information side. So I think that drove the conversion rate up, and I think that's what caused that higher surge in that core -- in the core business in December.
Brian J. Radecki: And just to add to that, so I mean, my translation to that is what I have been saying, I think, for the last year or so that over the short term, the next few years, there's no significant international plans but definitely in the 5, 6, 7 year model -- as you get to the bigger models, clearly we're demonstrating this business can do very well internationally, hence the 2x to 3x the current opportunity.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, so I'll add to this quickly and then I think we'll wrap it up after this question. So yes, I mean, if you look -- I mean, I've got that question, I've always said historically, if you look at our gross margin line, we're actually over 72% now, 72.5%, something like that, it was in the low 60s prior to LoopNet. So each incremental dollar, you pay out a little commissions, you have some costs but essentially, you drop in $0.70 to $0.80 to the bottom line, obviously because of the acquisition over the past 2 years we have been working synergies out in the business though it appears like you're getting over 100%, which is awesome, right. I mean, nobody can argue with that. So I think that this year, and if you look at the long-term, clearly we feel good about the 30% to 35% range we set out last year. And I feel very good about the long-term of being over 40%. We talked about this year in the first quarter, in the first half of the year, if you just look at every year, our EBITDA margins are lower in the first half of the year, than in the second half of the year so I expect them to be where my guided range was for Q1, and then I expect to see them slowly increase throughout the year because obviously we're still investing some piece into the business, it's not a pure 100%. So I don't think I can run at a 100-plus percent forever but I feel pretty good when I -- and I've said it for years, we can drop $0.70 to $0.80 to the bottom line, still invest in the business and really grow this thing. And it goes -- I mentioned that, when you look at the significant growth in that and you look at the significant operating cash flow, this is the business model we operate in and it's unbelievable.
