Andrew Florance: Can you say it one more time? The first one Bill, I think keeping it all in context, so yes, we see correlation. We have looked at it in different ways and we have seen correlation where when occupancies are weak in apartments, people spend more to market them. What they are spending to market their apartment communities is de minimis relative to the value [Indiscernible] and you need to keep those occupancy levels in order to make your mortgage commitments and you will be pretty aggressive to make sure you drive lead flow in a soft market. So, we do feel there is a correlation. However, putting this in context over the last 30 years the apartment market is still very, very robust. The vacancy levels we are talking about now are very low. They are well below long-term averages, and I actually think that we bring new inventory in at the top of the market, then it filters down to the lower income units over time. And the rates at the lower income end of the market are climbing at 5% year-over-year right now, and the vacancy rates, they are very, very low. So I think that we are also – I think we are delivering about 0.6 housing units across a single home and multifamily right now for every household formed. So I think we are still in a pretty significant housing shortage overall. So, while you see some softening, it is really de minimis. In terms of our belief if there is more value for us in the multifamily industry? Absolutely. We are thinking we are at the very beginning of this opportunity and we have made some investments. We think they have paid off. We do have $600 million in cash and we would look for ways to take advantage of our strong market position, enhance that position, add more value on top of that or solidify it. And it is something we keep an eye on.
Andrew Florance: Sure. So, yes, I do. So, as I have been looking at some of the really strong sales results we have had in the last quarter or so, I can’t definitively create a formula that proves that X resulted in Y but I have thought on multiple occasions that this dramatically better research quality, which has come with an investment has resulted in these higher sales. And one of the things that is happening is just the volume of communication our researchers are having with people in the industry and the higher quality training they have and the better job they do at branding the value of our market places, just positions CoStar and LoopNet higher in the minds of these prospects, which I think translates to sales. So, our research operations, when they are having these conversations with people about how they can put their listings in front of the biggest market of buyers and lessors of real estate ever created, it sparks the imagination of that person with a listing and I believe that shows up in those people buying product from either LoopNet or CoStar down the road. So I think our research department is not a research department, I think it is actually a marketing department of some nature. And when we go into ’17 and ’18 – when we go into the latter half of ’17 and ’18, I still think it can't be separate from the LoopNet CoStar cross-sell opportunity. These folks build relationships with people in commercial real estate. They will help position our products for the cross-selling. We can quickly adapt any positioning we need to do overnight with tens of thousands of communications a day to that research department. And then ultimately when we present to someone who has been using LoopNet as an information pack for years with a strong value proposition to upgrade now to CoStar information, having just infinitely better information that CoStar product, with really good tenant information, I believe will result in dramatically higher sales. So, did that – was there a second part of the question I missed there? I get so excited about our research department I start joining on.
Andrew Florance: Sure. The most to me – the most important thing show there is a technical component, where everything in the LoopNet product has to be rewritten to address the new backend database. There are hundreds of routines and systems that have to be rebuilt to look at a common system. You had to come up with methodology standardization between what was in LoopNet and CoStar. That is a pretty big technical load. We are through the majority of that. One of the more challenging things we had to do, not to just do the integration, but to do the integration really well and capture as much value as possible is we had to increase our research firepower, and make sure that we went into that conversion, that the quality of the product the people were evaluating was as good as possible. So I think the biggest accomplishment is having nearly triple the research flow by hiring hundreds of new people, setting up new centers, negotiating tax breaks, multiple leases, so on and so forth that was a lot of work. We have interviewed thousands and thousands and thousands of people to build that team. So that one is in place and I think that you will get the peak value of that research investment and quality, we will start to get to where we want to be -- in June of this year is where you really hit the full stride of that investment. You probably want to cycle for a month or so at that level before you really unleash the sales force to go have 50,000 demos. And we also have built the CRM system, the CRM team, which is important to do the integration and trainings that we expect will happen, and then we have gotten the sales force up dramatically in scale to be able to address the opportunity. We are adding some additional features CoStar to make the product even more attractive to people considering investing more to get the CoStar information solution. We have probably completed – we will complete a significant amount of the marketing required to support it and we are going to do a little bit more there. We are in a place where there is nothing magical about April 30th or June 10th or July 5th, this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to try to pull together two major ecosystems of commercial real estate and design it as such that you have the best possible outcome and we are more concerned with doing it really, really well than doing it really, really quickly. So, we are editing now basically. We are not authoring, we are editing. And we are editing. In good writing, you should know be editing and editing and editing. So that is where we are.
Andrew Florance: Yes. The nice thing is we are getting this increase in momentum before we launch the main effort, right. So this is in advance of what we felt would be the real net new momentum driver, which is the formal LoopNet integration execution. So, if that integration is successful you could see some momentum gains, but in addition, you also there is a pretty big landmark here that now an owner is our biggest client rather than a broker. So as that trend continues and as our analytics improve and we get deeper penetration in owner audiences, lender audiences, investor audience, that also is a potential accelerator. 
Andrew Florance: I would be happy to take a shot and let Scott also address it, but the natural state of the business, if you look at every component of the business we are addressing right here is very high incremental dollars of EBITDA or margin dollars on each sale. So as we add another ad contract, as we add another information subscription, the super high margin sales. So the natural state of the business, when you are at that 40% margin in ’18, that margin would naturally grow to 50%, 60%, 70% and higher. I am not sure – we by no means have run out of things to do in the business or ways to reinvest that capital and create more value. So, we would be looking for good investment opportunities with the margin growth above that 40%. I don't think this is a time to sort of stop and we are a third of the way through the opportunity and clip coupons. But at the same time, the scale of the margins we are talking about at 40% the spread between 40% and 45% margins gives you an awful lot of firepower to invest in the business, and I will let Scott say something completely different.
Andrew Florance: When you look at where that growth is coming from, I would say first and foremost that traffic advantages we have right now over other sites – that traffic advantages are huge and the change that has occurred in the last five years, three years, two years is dramatic. So, Apartments.com has more than double, triple those traffic. So people have large budgets assigned to or allocated to marketing solutions that are no longer the best value for their dollars. So I think a lot of what is happening is basically shifting from older, less effective solutions over to Apartments.com, and there is a lot – there is tens of thousands of properties that are still back spending more money to get less exposure. I do think that puts downward pressure on pricing, competitors pricing, and when you look at the exact maths for us it is about the 22% year-over-year organic growth, 15% is volume, people switching from older, less effective solutions to Apartments.com and 7% of that growth is price mix, people bringing up the exposure level of their property and trying to drive more leads in the door. So, it is about 66 or two-thirds share gain and one-third price gain. I think that will continue for a while. 
Andrew Florance: Sure. You get me rolling on a really certain – a nerdy discussion of penetration at each level, but some real important trends here. When we acquired Apartments.com 98% of their revenue was from properties with 130 units or more, which is the upper, upper half of the apartment industry. So if you have 44 million units out there, 17 million – I am sorry, 24 million might be institutional, maybe 12 million are in that larger unit mix size.  So traditionally the businesses because they had that print history of expensive fixed cost of print, the industry really addressed the 130 unit plus area. We are seeing tremendous growth in the – all the way down to the 40 units, 30 units, and that is a huge piece of the market. So, I was looking at some stats the other day where, a lot of our growth was in that lower area, and I think we can be successful all the way down to 10 units, 15 unit properties. So that will go for a long time, and that doubles the size of the market ultimately. The other thing is that as we get deeper penetration in the apartment space, and we have a bigger and bigger share of that institutional market, say the 100 units plus, we have a fantastic opportunity to layer additional services on top of that user flow. So if you have – we now have a very significant share of apartment hunters in the United States using our product to find their apartment. Millions and millions of people are finding their apartments on Apartments.com. That is 110 million Americans and growing. That is $700 billion plus of spending. Folks are in the market every 18 months typically to find a new apartment. There is a lot we can do with that traffic in that position. That doesn't require us to sign up new apartments, though I am pretty confident we will continue to sign up lots and lots of new communities over the years to come.
Andrew Florance: Great. Well, thank you everyone for joining us for this first-quarter earnings call, and we look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
