Andrew C. Florance: I'll let Scott answer most of that, but I would say that the LoopNet sunset does create a very material and significant headwind, and you saw a lot of it in the second half of 2016. We still perform very, very well, but it's just a significant headwind. You're trading out $60 a month subscriptions for $300 a month subscriptions, but the $60 going out, and we haven't yet sort of seen the – we're seeing the money going out from the $60 ones being discontinued. We're not yet seeing the mass of the $300 ones come in and those come in the middle of the year. So we're being conservative around that real and ugly sort of reality.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. So, there is definitely a robust set of opportunities for us both in the – a lot of them are around the apartment space, but there are a number of things we're looking at. We're always talking to people. The amount of work we're doing right now around this LoopNet to CoStar conversion, keeps us focused on that task at hand to big lever in the business. So, we're focused on that through for a long time like at least through May and really through the summer. But there are opportunities out there. We obviously can't discuss specific things and some of those could accelerate sooner if the timing on the other side was such that if we had to move, but there's a broader range of opportunities. On the international front, I'm pretty happy with where things are shaping up there. The United Kingdom, which was our first foray overseas. It was a lot of work, a lot of learning. It's been very successful. We have, I don't know, 97 of the top 100 brokerage firms there as clients. It's a profitable business. It's a very strong business. We've got a good management team there. Canada, our second material foray overseas, there was a competitor there, been there for many, many years. Within our first two years, we outpaced them in the revenue, and I think we're really just at the starting point there. I think we have a lot of potential upside there in Toronto. We are investing a little bit in research out there to fill that out, make sure that we're covering all the markets there, Edmonton, Calgary, Vancouver, Ottawa, and Toronto. We believe we now have the best databases for commercial real estate in Canada. And as you can see, as we're moving into the more language software, we will be doing a polyglot version of CoStar in the next 18 months or so. So then, Madrid has been a fascinating experience. It's like looking at data flow in 1980. We've really gone to that market, and to increase the perceived amount of listing opportunities for brokers tenfold in the first year is dramatic. In – really that's our primary focus right now, is standing that up and making that happen. And then Germany, we've got a good solid business there, but we think this is an opportunity to grow without changing anything, just to leverage the product further and drive more sales by just doing a different philosophy, more focused selling efforts there. So, we are continuing to keep our eyes open for other opportunities overseas, but it's probably at about the pace that you're seeing right now, which is a country a year.
Andrew C. Florance: Really, we have a great business here, except for Jon Coleman, our General Counsel, spending way too much on legal.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. Well, so I would say it's a very fine-tooth sawtooth blade. So you got real lumberjack stuff with big blades, real big sawtooth, and you got a real fine metal one, this is a fine metal one. So, when you really – unfortunately, I've been at this for 30 years. So, when I look at it in the broader picture, it is a very actually, fairly smooth, consistent EBITDA expansion profile. So, $215 million was a pretty significant advance over each of the X number of years – with variation. So, we're having a lot of discussion around a couple of points this year. We really frankly envision a much, much larger business than what CoStar Group is today. So, I would inspire more to what something like my friend Jeff Bezos has done, or Mike Bloomberg has done, something that is a lot. The goal of 2018 $1 billion in revenue is a important goal, we keep articulating it. The 40% EBITDA margin, that's not my goal. We'd like to be talking about $5 billion in revenue some day, so we are definitely playing a little bit of a longer-term growth game, and that's a reality. And we see things like this LoopNet-CoStar conversion this year, where it basically impacts the entire commercial real estate industry throughout the United States in a very fundamental way. We just approached that very carefully and we want to make sure that, whatever we do this year keeps us on track for our true long-term goals, which is building a business that's an order of magnitude larger than the business we have today.
Andrew C. Florance: I would say that we're largely stable where we are. Incrementally, mechanically, it could be plus 40, could be plus 20. Big picture, we have the sales force we need. Just finished our sales conference, you look at that sales force and said, oh, my gosh, that is an enormous sales force. And it is an incredibly competent sales force and it is a great team to go to market with. So, we are very happy with it. I think we are probably more focused on the fine tuning details, some organizational shifts here and there, minor things, and we might shift a little bit of focus to inside sales as we convert LoopNet clients and markets that are far away from one our field offices. But these are all pretty minor. It's roughly – we're very happy with what we've got right there and to stand in front of 750 people at that sales conference and see the team we've amassed, you're like wow, it's impressive.
Andrew C. Florance: I guess you get a different answer if you talk to me or some of the sales people. The sales people feel that we have them worked at 100% of capacity, and I think doing a fantastic job I'm really happy with the customer service ranks we're getting from people, the 9.68 or whatever it is. And so I think we're in a pretty good place. We did institute the pure hunter role last year and so that's maybe four, five months old. We're fine-tuning that, but I think that's progressing well, where we want to have a little more touch point with our major accounts. We're selling more with the top 50 accounts than we do in the rest accounts overall. We still think there's more room to do even better there. But again, big picture I'd say, fairly happy with what we've got there, and I definitely believe we have by far the best sales force in the industry. I mean, there is some good sales people, some other operations out there that we compete against, but we definitely have the best sales force by a country mile.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, we haven't hit the main thrust of this. So we're really waiting for that magical moment of when you have the unified database. At that point it gets – it's a very clean story, where there it's just there's 5 gallons in this bucket and 1 gallon in that bucket in terms of information. It's very literal and it's very clean story. We're having a conversation with people basically saying, look, almost everybody using LoopNet's an end-user. It's no longer fair that we would be hampering our whole net system back by bringing along a 0.2% group of brokers trying to use this information system. That story's working pretty well. But the other thing is that you have to roll back 5 to 10 years ago, where the industry really didn't – couldn't define differences between CoStar and LoopNet. They just thought they were two versions of the same thing and the picture has become clearer and clearer and clearer. We just ran a whole slew of focused groups around the United States and it was really nice because you could begin to see an understanding that was not there before from the industry, where they're like LoopNet is an essential tool to market your listings. It is not an information system. And look, CoStar is an indispensable information system. So we're actually just amplifying what the more knowledgeable people in the industry know, and then we're trying to push that out to the laggards and try to move them into the right slot. So I'm sure there will be – there's a little bit of folks, who have been getting a great deal for a long time. They've been getting literally hundreds of thousands of advertising exposures a year for free or they've been servicing their information needs for free for a long time, but the way we're restructuring the products, we're looking for some sort of fair price from everybody, who is really an ongoing recurring participant in the industry. And so and these are negotiators, these are brokers, the folks who are going to be – going from paying us nothing to $1 a month will make the loudest noise of all. But we're just going to work our way through it, and I think there is general acceptance to what's going on there. I also have been – I was sitting with well the CEO of Cushman & Wakefield the other day, as he was – as we were meeting with a head of – a gentlemen that runs North America. We were meeting with the person that runs Canada and it was fascinating to listen to him explain our business to his Canadian leader. And he talked as much about our distribution of – the importance of our distribution channel content from the marketing perspective and that was a new – personally I never heard a CEO or senior person actually clearly divide the two products as complementary both necessary working well together but very different functions. So, big picture, I think there's a little bit of – there is going to be a little bit of noise and pain as people figure out they're getting a great deal, the gig's up or too good a deal, the gig's up. But we're very excited about what we got here going on this year. Salespeople are even more excited than I am. They're thrilled. I don't know if I answered your question.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. Well, there's an awful lot of runway right here in the segments we're in right now, the analytics segment, international growth just penetration, like we only have 23% of the brokers signed up for CoStar property in the United States right now. A lot of opportunity to grow just right where we are for many years to come. On the subject of the property of management software, there's some very high quality companies out there in the property management world. The problem is as they each sit in a little high switch cost zone, sort of entrenched four to five positions that, we're little more interested in being able to work cooperatively across multiple zones and as soon as you acquire one of those property management companies, you sort of lock down into a fantastic relationship with 10% of the market. And we're a sort of company that needs to have a fantastic relationship with 95% of the market. And we don't want to get into a trench warfare winter invasion of Russia kind of thing with those property management systems. That's more of a longer-term outlook, something you come back to after you are in a much bigger place.
Andrew C. Florance: So with that, I think that completes all the questions we can see here. And I would like to thank you all for joining us for the year end conference call. And we look forward to updating you next quarter.
Scott Wheeler: Yeah. And Brett, that played a lot into our thinking obviously as we came out with our numbers for the year. We certainly know that the direction of travel of info services, which we just talked about is $7 million, a 9% to 11% drag. And then we fully expect there'll be good selling efforts in the second half, but as we've talked before, we don't intend to build those into revenue until we let those sales build and are taking a cautious approach that those will help us in 2018 and not materially in 2017. With your question on investments, yeah, there's no new investments from what we've talked about before, we're putting a lot of our investment power this year into research. You heard us talk about obviously Richmond, we're also investing in further field research, we're investing in research in Canada and in our international markets. And so when you take all of the grounded investments in research to put our data and our products on the best footing, it's all those things together that puts us into the guide that we came out with today. And which when we talked about back in October, you'll recall we were concerned that 2017 was expected to have a significant margin growth, just like we had in 2016. And at that point we said, we need to caution everybody that wasn't going to be the case. And so when we finally finished our planning this year and came out with our guidance, those are still the primary investments, and the uncertainty on the top line from the LoopNet conversion is the other factor in deciding where we wanted to come out today in our communication.
Scott Wheeler: Yeah, good question. The reason I talked about the trajectory of margin this year is really to demonstrate when we finish a period of investment, which Andy mentioned a lot in Apartments as well, but as soon as you finish that period and obviously the sales continue to run up at that very high and predictable rate that we have, then the margin and the profit move up very quickly, which you've seen us do many times in the past. So we still expect that in 2018 that we will see margins moving north for the entire year, and then as we have seasonally shown that in the fourth quarter is always going to be the highest. I believe if you look over the past couple of years, it's typically 5%-ish higher margin in Q4 than in the other quarters. So that's going to change based on obviously sales pace and cost management, which is again in our control. So, obviously, we're not giving any guidance on 2018 yet, but we can't say that, that we still expect to be able to deliver what we said in our commitments for the over $1 billion of revenue and the 40% exiting, and the full year will be higher as well.
Scott Wheeler: Yeah. And this is a question, as we go through our planning process and again, back in October, we hadn't finished out what our investments would look like. Again, investing in research is the primary piece, and you heard Andy talk about other components of research that are important, like productivity of research. So they need to put technology folks in to drive software productivity that can allow these 1,000 researchers to deliver productivity over time and create a better cost profile. And so, you put all these things in and then you come out with what your investment plan is here (1:01:36) for the budget, which we do in the early part of December. I was actually pretty happy when we came to the end of that process and, on a $720-some million cost base, we came within 1% of where that cost would be when we finally ended up with our budget. So, I would rather – of course, had it been above the margin we said last time, but it was $7 million or so below. So we're not unhappy with where it came out, it's still in line with what we're investing, and we still expect the same great returns on top of the money that we're putting back into the business here.
Scott Wheeler: And the proof is in that net bookings number in fourth quarter for apartments looks very good and you can see that the outcome of that hard productivity work in the mid part of the year is starting to come through.
