Andrew C. Florance: Right. And then the shutdown of the Finder Social, and non-core revenue. So the LoopNet information products will remain volatile through the first quarter of 2017 for sure. And again we're in a position where we do not want to artificially try to accelerate or intervene to accelerate sales of a product we intend to discontinue before long. So that will – and we don't want to begin aggressively converting LoopNet customers to CoStar Suite until we have 100% of all LoopNet content available within CoStar Suite so there is no reservation factor for a convertee.
Andrew C. Florance: So we anticipate that being first quarter 2017. So we would begin looking to report a clear consistent progress with that in second quarter 2017.
Andrew C. Florance: It is not different, it's what we've been talking about for, I guess gosh, I hate to say it, but two years now.
Andrew C. Florance: Yeah, so the PCPF component, the Property Comps, the Property Facts component which is immediately impacted in the first quarter is what ...
Andrew C. Florance: The total is $35 million to $40 million. And then the (38:24) is probably $18 million or so, roughly. And so the $18 million – and then the other part, we basically phase out. The half that we phase out over probably an 18-month cycle beginning in the first quarter 2017, but we do that prioritizing the most likely to convert and upsell first and our goal would be to be able to show a net overall uptick in revenue during the course of 2017 from that effort, but again we look at it. It's only estimating, you're just trying to make an estimate with your best belief. I'm pretty darn confident that it represents up to a $50 million cannibalization of the higher value products and it represents an upsell opportunity of $250 million. So I think, again it can't be known, but it's in the $200 million to $300 million positive range, and I think that would be captured over five years to 10 years overall.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, as you know, growing the sales force in the next two quarters does not grow the revenue in the next two quarters dramatically Now, we do have some pent-up growth already in the Apartment side. So, we probably have in the range of 30 folks to 40 folks in the pipeline to be added to productive sales or production sales for apartments that will go online in the third quarter and fourth quarter. So we have about 30 people to 40 people that will become productive in the third quarter or fourth quarter in the Apartment side. We'll probably see some benefit from that. The information LoopNet side will be a little bit slower. And then, we're going to bring on a second component later in the year, where we're creating 40 hunter territories in the Apartment side. And again, then they probably won't really be – their work will not be visible to the first quarter 2017. But that growth in cost is already reflected in our earnings guidance and in the raising the earnings guidance for the year. So, we're reinvesting some of the outsized beat for the year.
Andrew C. Florance: Yeah. The productivity, especially in the Apartment side is really quite impressive. And I'd also say that, just to give you some color on that, it's always tough to pull together two equal-sized sales forces into one and then restructure it all in the course of a quick 12 months. I'd have to say I just completed – last week I completed a two-day – our bimonthly two-day apartment sales manager meeting. And the group is really cohesive now and stable, and really rowing in the – pulling in the same direction, I think really strong. So we can see that we have – we're reaching 80% of our clients each quarter, which is a mandatory thing. And – but we only have enough feet on the street to reach about 15% of our prospects each quarter which is just lost revenue opportunity. And we're – when we meet with a – when we do have a demo with someone who is marketing their apartment building, we have about a 30% close rate. So, given that we can only reach 15% of the prospects, we want to reach 100% of the prospects each quarter, hence we're scaling the sales force a little bit.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. It does include that Move.com traffic, Realtor.com traffic as well. I'd have to say that that is not a large driver. I don't have exactly a number, but I know that it represents, gosh – it represents a little less than 4.5% of our lead flow. So, one of the things is that a residential site like that, a site that's got both residential and for rent on it, drives dramatically less lead flow of like a fraction of the lead flow of the dedicated Apartment site drives and then it also has a lower conversion rate. So it's not the meaningful driver of that story. One of the things that was a remarkable benchmark this quarter was that Apartments.com, one site, not the whole network of sites – Apartments.com one site beat the unique visitors of our second closest competitors' four or five sites combined. So it's really where we thought this would be more of a story of a network of sites, the Apartments.com traffic is pulling so far ahead that it's really just about Apartments.com.
Andrew C. Florance: I think it's – by head count to-date on our payroll it's in parity. But 35 of them, let's say, 30 to 40 of them are still in training or just coming out of training. And that training period includes maybe currently four weeks to five weeks of training, and then a mandatory no-sell period of about three weeks to four weeks where they have to visit 100% of the clients in their territory. So it's about a two months to three months phase-up. And so – but they'll all start coming on line in this quarter and the following quarter. And then, we would have a larger sales force in the Apartments.com side of the house in the – coming in the first quarter of 2017 as we add another 10 account managers and then 40 hunters.
Andrew C. Florance: We should look that up...no, I'm teasing. Those are – I'd have to say those are some great companies; huge customer presence, mission critical functions to those industries. And you could put MRI in there; you could put Entrata in there, but they're also very complex and they don't move share very quickly. So, I would say that in the apartment marketing space, there's been a lot of share shift. We're telling you that we believe there's a lot of share shift in the last two years. It wouldn't move like that in the Multifamily property accounting space. It is developed over 30 years to 40 years, that kind of share, and people don't – switch costs are very high moving from one system to another. We think it's more advantageous to have a positive 'coop-etition' with those players and there is an unlimited number of things we can be doing on the revenue generation side for the industry right now, without getting into direct competition with one or another of those folks. So we're open to different things. We're more focused on the revenue generation side of the business right now. We're lazy. We don't like to work hard. So... Okay. Thank you.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, the thing that would worry me more is dramatically lower vacancy rates, and I don't think that's what's going to happen. Both in the CoStar information business and the Apartments business, when vacancy rates start moving to 1% and 2%, there's no such thing as marketing. The nice thing in the Multifamily spaces are such high churn though that people want to maintain that lead flow and they can in fact, push rents, but I'm more concerned about ultra-low vacancy rates. I'm less concerned about vacancy rates expanding. So, if vacancy rates expanded to the 10% rate, I think you would see a lot of bankruptcies occur. And if that happens, there's plenty of capital in the world. There is overall a fundamental housing shortage in the United States, residential housing shortage, so the capital would flow in and the new capital would come in at a lower cost base and stable balance sheet and would aggressively market to fill those vacancies. That's our view and I think we would have a painful time seeing any of our customers lose their properties, but we would come out of it and it would cause short-term friction. It could be a 90-day cycle where the property drops off, before it comes back on, but we would benefit. The one thing that I think is happening right now and again I'm only estimating, but we watch it carefully, I think one of things that is happening now is that over the past five years or six years, I believe apartment communities used to maintain substantial advertising contracts with multiple ILSs for the same property. I think that people are beginning to reduce the number of ILSs they use and that's because of these super-low vacancy rates. Fortunately, our product is strong enough that they're choosing our ILS as the one to remain with to the best of my knowledge. So big picture, I am not, I'm more concerned as a taxpayer what it might to do to bailout programs and deficit than I am to what it does to Apartments.com advertising spend.
Andrew C. Florance: Certainly, so one of the things we intentionally did is when we selected Apartments.com as the first company we wanted to merge with, we made it a point to select the lowest cost provider. We wanted to have the group with a lowest cost point on the belief that if nobody had more than 10% share of the market and you have a fixed brand development marketing budget line, you're better off going in there at lower cost and trying to achieve much higher volume, and if other people play a high price point game and have lower volume and can't invest in branding, they're in a tough place. So, we like being somewhat aggressive, and we like taking share. You said – you mentioned one thing that our competitors are reducing price to take share, I think they're reducing price to hold share. I believe they're losing significant share, I think they're losing shocking share. So, we would, I mean I do believe that's there. When we get major customers who we value telling us the kinds of things they're telling us about, the kind of lead flow we're generating comparatively and the fact that our cost per lease is less than half of the competitors. Yeah, we certainly have pricing power, but I would like to see us get to 40,000, 50,000, 60,000 paid properties before we considered pricing to value. But the other nice thing is we're not raising people's prices, we have these multiple tiers. And so, companies can choose where they need to be for lead flow, and we might be aggressive in the silver and gold, the lower categories on pricing there, but we can hold and raise pricing in platinum and diamond. And then, people who really need lead flow and want to soar to the top and be the most prominent, especially new construction projects. Those prices would start to be – would probably start to reach some of the highest price points people have seen, but the main goal is share. The main goal is just getting more and more communities involved. Remember, also that the more communities we get digitally feeding to us, the higher quality information products, we're producing. So we are now running at something like 17,500 communities, electronically connected to us, digitally feeding content to us, typically on a daily or multi-hour basis. So we're trying to get volume, and we're making good progress there, obviously, having almost double the number of properties in the last two years. I think that was, yes or no, you're looking for, I'm sorry for the four paragraphs.
Andrew C. Florance: And I think we have one more question. No? We're all set. Well, thank you everybody. We appreciate you joining us in the second quarter earnings call and I look forward to talking to you on the third quarter.
