Scott Wheeler: Sure. Yes. So Sterling, the content portion is over half of the incremental investment, which is I gave a range of $200 million to $220 million. And then the other portion, which is a little less than half, is probably 60% marketing, but as Andy said, it’s more later part of the year as we get ready for broader product rollout. And then the rest is the technology development and software component, which may seem a little low, but as you know, we have a number of software teams in-house now that shift over and help us develop these new products as will happen with our research teams as well. So we'll expect these things to switch places as we go into 2023. As we'll have most of the content development piece behind us, then we'll shift more into marketing and product launch I would expect in the next year or two.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. Thanks for the question. We definitely were encouraged when we saw it in the fourth quarter that things came off of the – what we call the bottom in the third quarter, which – as you know, when we run the subscription model out, that low third quarter will affect us in the first and second quarters of 2022. So just by the fact that you get past that and we move into the first half of 2022 into the stronger rental season, I think those natural growth numbers will advance in the second half. Now right now, the success of the team in putting in our new list prices and executing on price increases is pretty much driving all the growth we saw in the fourth quarter. And so we're starting to see signs of increased upgrades and volume coming in to this next year. And assuming that continues, and we'll see those growth rates lift in the second half. So it's still a ways away. We like to keep things a little bit close and cautious as we go into New Year's and let those first couple of quarters play out. Then we'll have a much better site for in the second half.
Scott Wheeler: The content creation that we talked about in the early years, a number of that is onetime gathering of data and media that you've seen us do successfully across many different commercial platforms and markets. And so you would expect that level of investment to drop back in the next year as you then focus more to the marketing and the sales generation on the platforms. So again, considering the size of the market that we're talking about with residential, that's sort of an upfront investment is pretty small compared to the opportunity we see ahead.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. Sure. We do see seasonality not too much different than what we saw when we first jumped into the apartment space where you have apartments as a rental season in the spring and the summer months that would then cool off after kids went back to school. In the residential side, you see a similar pattern where things will start off, I'll say, at a moderate level in – to start the year. And then it picks up in the spring and the summer months, and then by the time we get to the end of the year, the fourth quarter is going to be the weakest as far as new engagement and involvement in the industry. So we think second and third quarter is the biggest. Fourth quarter is the lightest, and first quarter falls somewhere in between. We also expect that's where our investment focus will also follow that pattern when you talk about marketing and being able to collect valuable content during nicer months of the year than versus snowy cold wintery months of the year.
Scott Wheeler: Sure. So in the early part of the year, we expect the revenue growth really from the list price and the pricing initiatives that we've implemented. The sales force is doing a great job of getting around to the customers. And as we mentioned in the comments, we are not seeing people drop off the platform. We certainly see some of the fuller buildings in the market, like we commented, I think, last quarter, that might rotate off while other buildings rotate on within a customer's portfolio. So you see a few less properties in total, but you definitely see people staying on the platform. And the pricing initiatives have been very successful. So I expect all the growth in the first half of the year is pretty much from pricing. And then as you get more volumes into the spring and summer season, those volumes will carry over, and you'll start to see, I think, more upgrades, fewer downgrades and a little more volume in the second half to get us back to that double-digit growth.
Scott Wheeler: Yes, Andy. We certainly saw a period here in the last – well, it's really only been a year. We just raised a bunch of that capital in mid-2020. So we're really only 1.5 years since money came on board. And certainly a period of high multiples and valuations have weighed a little bit on the pace of our acquisitions. I wouldn't go so far to say that we're not focused on acquisitions anymore. So we definitely are still very seriously focused on acquisitions. And our initial thesis when we brought in the capital is it's going to take probably about five years for us to burn through that as we do deals across the platform. So I think we're still committed to that strategy right now. Obviously, if this continues up for another year, year or two pace, we might have a different conversation. But for now, that's still our direction, and we're focused on putting that money to work first in acquisitions. And then to the extent we need it on organic, we'd do that as well. But like you said, our organic commercial business is producing pretty significant cash flow now. And that's very helpful when you look at our ability to invest in residential and still return – we're still going to do almost $600 million of EBITDA next year even with, as you put it, a big offensive investment. So we're pretty comfortable with the math and the balance of where we are.
Andy Florance: Yes. Definitely. We do have irons in the fire. We are looking at things. And there are opportunities to scale and accelerate that. So obviously, as usual, we can't talk about anything until they're real. But there's some pretty significant – there are some significant things out there that we're really focusing as much as anything on strategic, things that we feel will give us valuable content that will help us build the most heavily traffic site over time. And we're not looking to buy revenue per se.
Andy Florance: Yes. So in terms of what you're investing in, we have been – at the core, we have gotten clear market research that says there's demand for collaboration. It's really simple. Today, agents and buyers really exist in two disconnected ecosystems, though they have to collaborate in the overwhelming majority of deals. So we're building platforms where they can share content back and forth. When a buyer favorites a property, their agent can see it. When an agent must recommend a property, goes into the favorite list of the client, pretty straightforward. We've tested that with consumers all over the country and agents all over the country, gotten very positive feedback, along with a number of other software components and features. So that's one of – that's a big theme. So working with the industry rather than working to just intermediate the industry. And that's something that worked well for us in the apartment industry. It's worked well for us in the in the LoopNet side of the business, CoStar, Lands of America. So it's a proven model, and it's unique in the residential space. We're the only ones doing it where you work with the industry rather than more towards a disintermediation. In terms of SEO and content, we asked consumers what's really important to them, what they care about in the site, what they're looking for when they select a new home. You wouldn't be surprised to find out that for couples from the age of 25 to 40, schools are important. And in a focused group, they all lean forward when you show them pictures of the neighborhood school. And leaning forward to a focused group is good. That's something we like to get people to do. So we have tested and tested and tested, and we found content that people care about and like that isn't currently offered. So if you look at the current portals, they're all about taking content that other people have produced and repackaging it. And there's not a lot of original content being produced on those portals. There's opportunity to cost effectively produce content that we believe appeals to consumers. So in this case, I'm using something super simple like a picture of the local school or information about neighborhoods, something that we've done before and done quite successfully. So the neighborhood information in – the neighbor information apartments helped us grow from being number seven in SEO to being number one in SEO. So that kind of stuff we've done strategically. And if you look back to when we launched Apartments.com, we did exactly this. We put a lot of people on producing content that gave us SEO advantage, and it worked. And – so it's tested. I don't want to write out a road map in plain English for everyone to hear, but I'm trying to give you some balance between them. And it's not rocket science. It might be science, but it's not rocket science. And it's fairly straightforward. And if you look at what CoStar is good at, we're good at SEO. We're good at content development. We're good at taking pictures of – millions and millions and millions of pictures. And we are good at collaborating with the industry and building successful models in collaboration. And so that's – we're going to our strength.
Andy Florance: I'm sorry. I'll just add one more thing. How you monetize it? Pretty straightforward. And it should mystify people. You monetize it just the way we monetize Apartments.com or LoopNet or Lands of America. People will pay for enhanced exposure to generate more leads or more activity on properties they're selling. That's the single biggest revenue opportunity in real estate. The second way to monetize it is by letting people market their agency services in a way that is not repugnant to the industry, in a way that is supportive of the industry instead of repugnant to the industry. So that's pretty straightforward. And the question of how we compete against other people, CoStar Group has a track record of competing against other people effectively, and I think we'll rest on our record.
Andy Florance: You could actually look storage on our servers, and you can tell the weather by how many terabits we're putting into the system. So you can actually see the weather in our storage.
Andy Florance: And we're still focused on – we're still definitely focused on increasing penetration to new roofs in institutional and the multifamily, the mid-market and the independent owners. There is still significant penetration opportunity there. We plan to continue to grow the sales force to be able to basically touch more of those prospects, and we believe we can do that well. The pandemic was a slow time for being able to grow. And more importantly, train sales forces is getting a lot easier. And we just finished up our first in-person sales conference in two years down in Miami, Florida. And as the guy who spends the first four hours up on stage talking to the sales force, I will tell you without a question, we have a much bigger sales force today than we did two years ago. It is getting quite large. And I'd say that group is very motivated and very positive right now and is producing at some of the highest levels they produced at to – with the record quarter. And so adding into that group, we think, is going to be possible to be able to go for more penetration. But Scott is really forecasting more off of pricing. And one thing about the pricing, we are providing more and more value to our customers. As our traffic success grows, our leads grow. And as our leads grow, our price per lead naturally goes down when we're pricing at the community level. So there's lots of room to get recognition from our customers for the additional value we're providing them, an increased lead flow. In essence, they're getting better and better values on lead flow. Their pricing per community might be going up. So a share shift to us from – possibly from other marketing vehicles.
Andy Florance: Yes. I think we are having – I think we need to – like the most important part of the equation is it's great to have geese that lay golden eggs. What's even better is to have geese that lay golden eggs. So those are recruiters. And one of the things we're doing is we're looking within our own sales force for people that want to evolve their careers or – into moving in the recruiting space. And I think our training programs are pretty darn good at this point. And our onboarding is getting – our success rate as people come on board is getting better. But our sales force is getting pretty large. Again, as you sit there and look at 1,000 people at our sales conference, it is growing. With LoopNet in particular, that is something – just like Apartments.com is following that same trajectory where initially, Apartments.com was sold by the CoStar Group. And eventually, we built our stand-alone sales force to sell Apartments. LoopNet is in that same phase, and we're having some success. As I look at the individual metrics of people going into LoopNet, the salespeople going into that group, stand-alone sales force, they're producing at much better numbers that we saw during the pandemic as we tried to onboard people. And in fact, there's some real success stories in that group. So there's – I think our number 2 producer – number 1 producer, I believe, started with us like just – like two years ago. So – and then we have David Malley, [ph] who just joined us from Homes.com who's an experienced operations executive, now running the LoopNet Group, which is good leadership. And Mark Mathis, who actually started with CoStar many years ago, was a senior player at Realtor, running their sales org, has been with Homes, who's now running the LoopNet team. So we're beginning to bolt the group up, and it's a process. It will be another two or three years before we have a robust several hundred person large LoopNet sales team, but we will get there just like we did with Apartments.
Andy Florance: Yes. And when you look at our past track record, we are an acquisitive company. And we've acquired Homesnap, Homes, STR recently. There are things out there, but we are value-sensitive. And I would imagine that over the course of the next three years, four years, we would probably use a lot of that capital and acquisitions.
Andy Florance: Yes. So we're really going for the billions, not the hundreds of millions is what it is. And so the most important role Homesnap plays to the company is growing the participating agent user base and getting deeper engagement with those users. So we – you see us up in the 770,000 agents registered. You see us growing the number of folks paying for the premium version. We have multiple products we can sell over at Homesnap. We can sell sort of retargeting and Facebook ads and Instagram and Waze and all kinds of stuff. Those are the higher dollar value things, but they're less strategic. Like getting an agent to buy the $30, $40, $50 a month premium version of Homesnap is much more valuable to us and that they use and engage in the product more. The agents are the key to the supply side of the real estate industry, and we want to be the first place they go when they have a new listing or when they approach the market or when they want to distribute content to their customers. So on the – so that – we're – we are going for the big win not the second or third quarter. And in terms of KPIs, if you go back to that three-step process of grow, monetize and scale. Grow is where we are, and grow is where we will be into 2023. And that is growing content, growing users, growing unique visitors, growing engagement and relevancy. So we do not believe that we should pull the monetizing lever when you haven't scaled traffic. So you are – if you try to pull the monetizing lever before you scale traffic, you're going to be setting price points well below what you could set a year or two out. So we want to build engagement, grow that engagement, grow the unique visits. And for KPI, I would recommend that as we launch the new product, you look at our site traffic, our engagement. In the shorter term, you can look at the volume of content coming out of the site. And in a little basis, you can see that right now. Homes.com unique visitors doubled year-over-year, keep doubling. After a while, it gets larger. And so then the next thing you're going to be looking for in 2023 – we'll continue to grow and monetize Homesnap. It's a great product that people like, and it's getting better. And as you go into 2023, you'll be looking for new high margin products that will be available on Homes.com, whether it's marking agency in a responsible way or in an industry aligned way, or if it's marketing actual – helping people market their actual properties. And the first revenue you see coming in may be measured in tens of millions of dollars, but you can then understand – you now understand the price points and you can understand the penetration opportunity you could begin to paint out a 10-year picture. The scale is – the scaling, more meaningful levels, is probably 2024. And that's when we're beginning to challenge some of our other product areas and move towards that $1 billion revenue goal. So we'll talk about the KPIs in each one of those 3 phases. And I think we are – it's obviously a huge industry. There are some solid competitors out there. So it is not a get rich quick scheme. It's a work hard, build a plan and have a multiyear vision of where you're going. But we'll be able to talk about the KPIs at each of those three phases.
Andy Florance: Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us for the – for our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. We're excited about the initiatives we've got going on here. We're very excited about the residential initiative. Our core business is obviously showing great momentum. We're very proud of what we've accomplished. And I want to congratulate our sales leaders, Marc Swartz, Paige Forrest, Brandon Lu, Tim Condon, David Gibson, Joe Valero, and others and their teams who just turned in our best bookings quarter ever with our best – with November, December and January being three of our four strongest sales months ever. Look forward to them continuing to turn in a great result throughout 2022. We believe that the market conditions in residential sector, combined with our strength in our core business, makes this the right time to accelerate our investment in residential and lay the foundation for growth that will enable us to reach our new five-year financial goals. So with our expansion into the residential properties sector, I believe that our investments will yield $5 billion in revenue for CoStar Group in 2027. I'm confident in our ability to scale our information and marketplace business to deliver attractive returns with adjusted EBITDA margins at or above 40% when we achieve that $5 billion in revenue. We look forward to meeting with you again in our first quarter call on April 26 at the same time, on the same channel. Until then, stay safe, and thank you very much for participating. Thank you, Bill. Thank you, Scott. Enjoy doing this earnings call with you.
