Brian J. Radecki: Now, as I've been here for 17-plus years going 18 years and we've done 20-some deals, we've obviously equated a little over a deal a year and we've obviously done a couple of deals in the past couple of years. So if you really want my personal opinion, I'd be shocked at 2018, in 5 years from now, if we haven't done other accretive acquisitions and we get to $1 billion sooner than that. And as you'll calculate from your models from my 2016 exit rate and the 2018 rate, that equates to midteens growth on a business that's getting much larger each year. So clearly, I'm confident in where we're going. And with that, I'd like to thank you all. We look forward to sharing our progress of these goals on you in the coming quarters, and I'll open it up for questions.
Brian J. Radecki: Was that talking about the -- I think I was talking about the adjusted margins increasing by 6% from 31% to -- 31.1% to 24.7%. So this is talking about the fact that adding 6.4% of EBITDA, $176 million run rate is a pretty large number year-over-year.
Brian J. Radecki: I don't fit believe it did taper. So to be honest with you, I did not have numbers from this month on that. But my sense of it is that it would not have tapered. It would've continued to increase. So we hit a point, maybe about 3 months ago, where I was seeing significant improvement in the sales force's ability to give this up upsell conversions. I think it's just part of the sales force culture now and it's north of that -- it's probably in the upper 30s on conversion rate. The interesting thing is, I also see them beginning to be good at going into a firm who's been using LoopNet very pleased peacefully, like there was a big firm in the big firm in Seattle who had a huge firm in -- not in Seattle, huge firm in Salt Lake City that had been purchasing LoopNet ad hoc, individual accounts for years and years and years across a hundred different brokers. And the salesperson went in there, and his first -- has successfully upsell them to a bigger purchasing plan on annual agreement across all the brokers in that firm and then they're already migrating into moving into, now moving them up to the CoStar information contracts. So I think they're actually getting better at it and the sales force is coin-operated in that if there's money to be gotten. That's where they go and there's clearly money there. And the -- we -- the bottom line is, we still only captured 25% -- 20% of that potential upsell and the opportunity that grows faster than we're capturing, which is good news, and that would be a specific example of the Salt Lake, where the first and first created the LoopNet sale in order to get the CoStar upsell. So it's going -- and that continues well.
Brian J. Radecki: Sure, it's Brian. So yes, I mean, I think a lot of it was basically branding and Andy, obviously talked pretty extensively about branding. So I think for the most part, we're sort of where we thought we were on the investments. I mean, I'd -- is there a couple of dollars that go between Q1 and Q2? Yes, possibly. But obviously, we've spent a lot of time on this branding project and a lot of money.
Brian J. Radecki: Sure. So this is fairly dramatic and appropriate expense of sales force, bringing -- coming together at LoopNet just made it crystal clear. We can look at where LoopNet had success selling to commercial real estate professionals. We saw a complimentary and sort of inverse pattern. So we realized, like as example, that we had a West LA office and we had tremendous penetration downtown LA, Orange County, West LA, on up into up towards Santa Barbara. We didn't have an office in Inland Empire, LoopNet picked up 6,000 customers over in Inland Empire. It makes it obvious we should have an Inland Empire office and several salespeople there in the combined companies. So right off the bat, coming out of LoopNet, we knew we had to increase the number of territories. We could see, it was one of the great exhaust benefits of the LoopNet acquisition was getting a phenomenal transparency in how to optimize your sales force or where you should be investing for your sales force. So setting the goal of having this larger footprint of sales force and more field sales rather inside sales in your investment mix, we had to double the size of our management team, the sales management team. And we brought in some tremendous talents over the past year in the management team. So when I look at the experience set from companies like LexisNexis, Reuters, paychecks, all sorts of information, subscription, product areas, we've really added some horsepower to our the sales management team. I -- if you're on our sales management team, and you talked to one of these folks, you will hear that the CEO of our CoStar is maniacally focused on onboarding these salespeople and having these sales managers participating in the field, intensively, one-on-one with these new people and getting them up to that critical first 6 months, confidence building, moving them out of the classroom and into the field training mode. And I'm looking at a report showing that our managers are doing hundreds and hundreds of in-the-field customer meetings with these new reps and supporting them and we have all sorts of safety nets to try to make sure that these folks were onboarding, don't fall through the cracks. Because as we get this larger team successfully stood up, it's a tremendous resource. You're exactly right that it is a high-priority to begin to segment these sales forces into a debt and equity group, a general information sales group and an advertising sales group. 3 large distinct sales forces. First priority is to have all the players in place. We are making a lot of it done and initiatives on growing that debt and equity group, which has multi thousand month accounts. We just recently identified one salesperson from each of, I believe, 35 regions to attend advanced training up in Boston on the debt and equity space and the PPR product offerings. As we move in 2015, those folks will begin to move over. I mentioned the Apartment.com sales force and ad sales culture. That creates a foundation 2015 for segmenting our ad sales force over there. But you're absolutely right. We're asking a lot of them and they'll perform more effectively if we allow the sales force to focus down on one vertical and focus on the needs of these individual verticals. So it's an ongoing process and from start to finish, management, scaling up the number of salespeople and then segmentation is the top of the pyramid.
Brian J. Radecki: And just to be clear, Bill, none of these investments were my idea. As Brian so incredibly bullish on the opportunity insist that I invest in it.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, I mean, Bill, I'm not even going to go there and annualize 1 month. As we know, numbers go up and down from month-to-month. Obviously, we have a very new sales force again, half of the sales force that's experienced is spending a lot of time with half the sales force that's not. So, I believe, we will see a steady ramp this year with obviously someone's being better than others. It's obviously encouraging to us but I would -- I want to see how we do, obviously as we stream together a couple more quarters. And even with Apartments, I mean, if you look at it, I added it in the revenue. I added growth to them, I added synergies of to. I wasn't cheap on what I put in my model for them. And I would like since we've only -- it's only been 22 days since closed, I'd like to at least get a quarter or 2 behind me before sort of like -- even as we report Q2 and Q3, I hope people haven't people jacking up their '15 numbers and jacking up their '16 numbers because it's like, let's get a little experience. Clearly, I have a lot of confidence, or I wouldn't have done that. And clearly, when you look at the blueprint on LoopNet and we're using a lot of that blueprint on Apartments, we feel really confident in success here. So we're -- I mean, I can't wait for the next quarter and the following quarter number to report. I think it's going to be great.
Brian J. Radecki: Well, without being terribly creative, I believe that the apartment communities who we researched, and identified over the last several years are already spending well over $1 billion in digital marketing. And with a very, very fragmented group of players. Some where exactly head-to-head competitors with Apartment.com. and then there's some variations of roll your own SEM strategies and the like. But it's unusual to look at a space like this and at this point, see well over $1 billion of actual spending and we're going to identify these various budgets. It is over $5 billion in marketing for apartment communities in total in all the different vehicles, concessions, direct spend, and the like, or locator fees, and the like. But if you put the market between $1 billion and $5 million, you're capturing the whole information side of the business, which is equally important to us. So massive underwriting. It's a multitrillion dollar asset class, lots of underwriting, lots of buying and selling these assets, the securitization of these assets. There's the REITs, there's the individual entrepreneurial owners. There's the larger institutional owners. And then there are, there's a whole broad ecosystem. There's some very large hard-quality companies that are producing software solutions for these same multifamily owners. So you definitely have a $10 billion space here. So if I look at just digital services to the apartment space, the direct spend is already probably approaching $2 billion. So it's a decent size space to plan. And the nice thing is, I like the fact that in a Apartments.com area, it's still highly fragmented.
Andrew C. Florance: It's actually across the board. We've had 1 or 2 months where virtually everything is performing well and we're getting contribution, both from the U.K., from Virtual Premise, from LoopNet, from CoStar. It's a blend of new and upsell accounts. Both U.K. and U.S. are in this mode of upgrading people from a low-end platform to a high-end platform. In the case of U.S., it's LoopNet information, CoStar information as in the in U.K., it's focused to CoStar Suite. So that's continuing. It's both -- it's in the brokerage area and the debt and equity area. There's a decent amount of inter brand-related sales like the Jones Lang LaSalle sale with Virtual Premise. One of interesting things we're seeing is that as we bring in these newer salespeople in the field, they are selling a disproportionately higher percentage of LoopNet. So they're selling the newer folks are looking at all the different things they can choose from to sell and they're selling about 50% more LoopNet per person than the traditional salespeople. So I like it -- I like what we see in terms of it being all cylinders and not one big driver.
Andrew C. Florance: No, I wouldn't say that. I don't think that's the case. So in that general sales force, they've always had the option to run the spectrum from $295 a month to count on up to these multi thousand dollar accounts. The bulk of sales have always occurred around that $500, $590 a month of sale. And as I mentioned, newer things like the broker ads, they're coming in exactly $590 a month. So we're seeing a lot of annual business coming into LoopNet and a lot of business pricing at the $590 at LoopNet and pricing of the $590 a month in the CoStar. So really, the only stuff that comes in consistently at a $1,000 of month is the -- officially $1,000 a month is debt in equity sales. Newer markets where you are bringing on a Jones Lang LaSalle Toronto, those come in about $1,000 a month or those bigger numbers. So it actually it's pretty good and overall productivity numbers are looking fairly solid and there's no discussion. I'm hearing zero discussion of anything that looks like salespeople struggling to find room to sell because of the growth of the sales force. There's -- they're not bumping into each other in any way, shape or form. And as we bring in Apartments.com, the size of that market -- if you look at the size of that potential market in year 1, we're really focusing on probably 6 or 7 markets we think have exceptional growth potential and we don't want to grow that sales force too quickly. But as we go into 2015, we will definitely be doing more integration between these sales forces and giving them even more in their toolkit to sell. And then we think all of these products are pretty good price points there -- the ROI on field salesperson across all these products looks really good. So we're happy with what it looks like and improving what these ROIs look like across these businesses by different approaches to how our packaging contracting and selling them.
Andrew C. Florance: No. There's -- there is a couple of things that stand out from Apartments.com. I mean, I won't be able to list them all roughly back but there are some nuances in their marketplace designed things they focus on, and in a way they take that to their customers. So they really bring a lot of their marketplace strategy back to quantifying the actual leads deliver the way Google gives you a natural conversion rate on your SEM campaigns. So they really try to quantify for their customers the actual lead flow they're pulling in. I think that's very viable across all of our marketplace platforms and even useful for our peer brokerage, CoStar Property platform. The other thing I really like about the firm, that comes back our way is, I like their high touch, continual sort of customer connection on the advertising side. If you bring Brad Long's approach to a high-touch customer service into the LoopNet's side of the market, I think that will re-energize -- like now, like -- not like LoopNet needs to be reenergized. LoopNet's certainly doing great. But when you bring that sort of Apartments.com customer focus and high touch continuously, quantifying for the customer face-to-face, to kind of results they're getting for their marketing campaigns from us. When you bring that asset to and that culture to the LoopNet sales process, I think the LoopNet sales process lights up. So I think that's exciting. And then, there are -- these folks have been thinking a lot about how to improve their marketplace and there are some good ideas that they bring to the table. So it's a good mix. And CoStar, LoopNet and Apartments, they're very different organizations, and they historically, very different organizations. And if you can tap to the strengths of each, you'll end up with a pretty strong mixture. It's a nice melting pot.
Andrew C. Florance: Right. I think some of it is subtle but important so as the employees see these more logical naming of the products in connection to the product that reminds them that we're 1 team and that we have to put the customer first and then it's about delivering the best results to the customer, not maintaining the nuances of some old -- older brand or strategy that's now outdated, in the context of 1 unified company. So for instance, without a doubt a customer who is investing in apartment buildings, wants to be able to have 1 log in to access anything PPR can do for them, anything CoStar can do for them, anything LoopNet does for them and anything that Apartment.com does for them. So our -- we are on the central theme here is to eliminate limited software platform and get down to fewer and fewer software platforms, 1 password for the customer across the whole family, be it Virtual Premise, be it real estate manager, be it our CRM solutions across the whole premise. So the fewer platforms, more focused on the customer not the brand delivering the value and tighter integration between these different product areas and it does make it easier for the salesperson to increase the confidence of the salesperson that this is one of the products I carry and the salesperson may not be able to sell our risk analytics product to somebody with their level of experience or product expertise, but they have a good relationship with the prospect they can develop the interest than bringing a specialist. And I think having it all in one common brand gives them greater confidence in doing that. So I think they'll be -- it's an expensive process. I tell you, if you look at the rebranding, and you look at the different treatments visually and you look at the taglines, it's obvious. It couldn't be more obvious and I've been living in the new brand now for about 6 months even though it's not released and I go back and I'm proactive [ph] I'm confronted with what our reality is today. This what the new brand looks like, and I can't believe how bad but we have today looks compared to where we're going. So that's way too long answer for you. I apologize.
Andrew C. Florance: And there are 3 or 4 product areas there where we look and it and about 3 product areas where we look it when we think that will generate millions in revenue. We think ultimately, it's suppressing our earnings over an 18-month horizon out. And it's always difficult for any company to say, okay, going to give up this $3 million, I'm going to shoot those $3 million of revenue because each quarter comes around, I'm supposed to tell you about the maximum amount of revenue this quarter but clearly, these things or not the right investments. Now there's -- I don't want as you want to give any potential competitor anywhere, any kind of heads up on how they try to capture any of the revenue we're shooting. So I'm not going to go into detail on what we're shooting. But we're just doing that good character thing where you shoot the stuff that's not right for the company over 18 months or more.
Andrew C. Florance: It spread across the year and there'll be incremental releases of -- incremental improvement releases throughout the year. And where the biggest impact of the release is in 2015. So smaller incremental releases in '14 and bigger impact in '15 and the spend relatively smooth throughout the year.
Andrew C. Florance: Yes, the spend is smooth but what I will say the spend is immediate. So we've owned them for 3 weeks and I think we have a class of 20-some salespeople that we've already hired for them. So we're already ramping up -- we've already made the immediate spend. I mean, like literally on Day 1 in the selling and marketing area, and that's why I have enough confidence to put in the revenue for this year and again, more than I had, more than we actually did in LoopNet in the first 9 months because obviously we have a blueprint and a game plan to follow and we feel very confident in that. So the spend is immediate whereas waited with LoopNet that ramped up a bit more. It's immediate and pretty consistent.
Andrew C. Florance: Yes, I mean, I think that's pretty fair. I mean, again, Bill, I didn't get into the multitude of things where we are investing in. And then again, I mean, there's just a whole back-office operation in moving them. We're moving them into new space by the end of May. We've got new servers. And so there's a lot of detail in there but what I do was I broke out the big pieces, so after you get past these big pieces, it's 50,000 here, 200,000 there, 10,000 there, lots of it, such as increased travel. We've got -- at any given time, if you go to the JW Marriott in the loop, and you walk through the lobby, you will undoubtedly in the morning and it night see on the high top at least 5 to 7 CoStar people every single night. CoStar, LoopNet people. So I didn't go through a break a lot but the way you did it is about the right. I mean, I included upside for the CoStar business, I can go through all the different spending on the Apartments business but yes, generally, you're about right. If you took their EBITDA and you took 3 quarters of it, you're going to be around $20 million, $20 million, $21 million. So your sort of map is generally correct, plus or minus $1 million here, there.
Andrew C. Florance: Yes. And so, I mean, it's -- what I would say is, as we sort of talked about on the call, there's investments upfront here, right? And so we just talked about a lot of those. And then similar to CoStar, as you invest in their sales force this year, it will also be ramping up all the way through next year. So I think next year is -- and will be, again, incrementally releasing new releases on the development website, and as Andy said, more to come in '15. So I think that the steeper slope of the ramp is out in '16. But I expect nice steady growth through '15, also, but obviously, I believe, the steeper ramp both on revenue and earnings will be in '16 as you sort of start to see the results of that, right? So you start seeing results in early first half of '15 and as you move through '15, you'll then get those full year impact of those in '16, right? You're only to get partial of your impacts from upside of those. So I would say, we still expect nice growth, top and bottom line, obviously in '15 with the steeper ramp in '16.
Andrew C. Florance: That is clearly Andy because I'm the most unhealthy eater at the company. But just to remember, Bill, the easiest way for you to build your 5-year model is just e-mail Andy at costar.com. He will just send it over to you because he always let the cat out of the bag. I can't keep anything a secret.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, you're always going into an acquisition like this. You do all the research you possibly can. You -- we understand the market from a lot of our experiences at LoopNet and BizBuySell, Lands of America. We understand the multifamily space from the information side. As you get in there, and you get to work side-by-side with the management team, you actually explore some of details and nuances of what's occurring. You start to spot things that you've seen before. You see opportunities that -- anytime you have 1 management team in the company, running it for a decade or 15 years, that's easy for another management team with the difference of set of experience to come in and see opportunities. And so you just see just the whole plethora of financial opportunities to go after, that could be sales tactics, marketing tactics, pricing tactics, a lot of the upside we've got from LoopNet was just how you price the products more effectively to reach the customer's budget, how the customer wants to spend money. So that is certainly the case with Apartments.com. And then also, my own personal -- I'm a risk-averse individual and I don't like to mess these things up and the more you learn, and the more you see the teams working together, and you see more see people moving towards taking Apartments.com to the next level, you start to feel the risks are starting to fall away from me and I feel more confident about the potential here and that probably is an understatement about how a number folks feel about what could be built here with Apartments.com given the talents of the management team talents we've got across the spectrum. There are plenty of really good people here at CoStar to go execute something like this to make up for any shortcomings I have.
