Andrew C. Florance: Yes, in the second quarter, the volatility from quarter-to-quarter and from month-to-month, it has a certain random element to it. It will have a volatility month-to-month. In the second quarter, May was our best month ever and -- but not by some sort of runaway trend difference between June and July -- between June and the other 2 months. That was sort of -- it was fairly level. We would expect that more and more of the salespeople approaching their first anniversary or their ninth month with the company would be beginning to see higher productivity, as well as half the managers in the sales force are also approaching their first anniversary. So fundamentally, we would expect to see some tailwinds in productivity as we move through the year. And just to put a little more on that, if you looked at the increase in the sales force, it really came at the end of the third quarter and mostly in the fourth quarter last year. So we're pretty pleased, being that last Q2 of last year was a high watermark, that we essentially were on par with that, and of course, it was up 9% over the first quarter. So we feel pretty good that later in the year, we should start seeing those productivity gains.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. So in terms of what type of properties, I would say it is the traditional sweet spot of the Apartments.com business, which is in the 130-unit-plus category. So it's very smooth across it. There's no nuance about what converted from wholesale to direct by unit size. We've converted about 75% to 80% of those wholesale customers to direct, which is something I was very pleased the sales force pulled that off. My goal was to get that done by the end of this year, so to be at 75% to 80% in July hugely exceeds our expectation. And I felt that there was some risk around that conversion process. I'd say that risk for me is now gone, so we feel very happy about that. But there have been some prior market conversions from wholesale to direct in the past for Apartments.com, and what normally happened was that you would have a slight drop in market revenue as you did the conversions. And then, in the years that followed, you'd have an acceleration of revenue growth in those markets. And the reason that is, is that the newspaper sales teams were typically selling all sorts of things. They're selling car advertisements, residential, multifamily, and this is just one thing that they were carrying in their bag. Our Apartments.com sales force, this is what they do. We can control the process much -- in a much more effective way. We can add resources to markets where we think there should be resources added. So normally, you see an ongoing lift in growth in these conversion markets for quite some time. Some big markets that were really impacted here were Washington, D.C., Chicago, Phoenix, Indianapolis and a couple of others.
Andrew C. Florance: Michael, the answer is -- I can give you some good color around that. We are too early to have anything around that. So just like LoopNet, we focused on certain components and sequence. So to me, the very most important component was securing the wholesale revenue and then secondarily, making some immediate improvements to the site and then having everything in the bank for the plans for the next-generation sites. We've got all that behind us. We've also ramped the sales force. The phase of beginning the cross-selling with information is later in the year. I'll tell you that I met with a very small handful of customers, significant customers who I have come across in various functions. And I was excited to show them our plans for the next generation of the marketing website for Apartments.com. And I was thrown off by the fact that 100% of their focus went to what we could do for them on the information side. So I would sit in a presentation with some reasonably intelligent client for Apartments.com, and you show them this great marketing solutions, you're doing for 45 minutes, a lot of passion, they say, "Man, that information potential's fantastic. When can you help me with that?" So we think there's -- we know that there's a lot of potential there. Some of our very biggest customers have invited and solicited follow-up meetings on the information component, even though that's not in the first cycle for us. So we are going to be talking about that over the course of the next year or so, and I think it'll end up being similar to LoopNet in that you'll have a very strong information and marketing back and forth. And it will help, I think, to strengthen the relationship with these clients and build more meaningful long-term relationships, not the -- they're a great -- Apartments.com already has great relationships with its customers, but even stronger, real multilevel business relationships.
Andrew C. Florance: I'll be giving you a somewhat anecdotal or an educated estimate of what that number would look like, but I'm fairly certain that it would be flat or down, and it would not be about competitive positioning, product value or economic. It would be more around disruption in the sales force associated with that level of growth. So managers are focusing on hiring, training, on-boarding, in many cases, learning the products themselves, meeting new customers. And some are -- and you get some number of salespeople start to fall through the cracks. So some of our very top producers -- Joe Pascal is still doing fantastic. But you get some folks in the middle who start to fall through the cracks when you have a much bigger sales force, and then you'll be able to -- they'll catch up with productivity and get back on their curves. So if you look at a 5-year continuous productivity gain, this throws a wave in that line, sort of growth throws a wave in that line, but you expect it to come back once you have everyone's sort of more grounded and has their sea legs.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. Well, the businesses are extremely similar. Obviously, there are more players in the apartment sector, more competitors in the apartment sector. However, I would say that the apartment sector is probably more sophisticated, and their sense of their need for these sorts of products and services is more focused and more intense. So again, you have these professional investors with $200 million, $300 million assets, with hotel -- more hotel-like booking needs than a retail property that leases up for 10 or 20 years at a time. So the demand is very clean and clear. The customers are sophisticated. I would say there are many more similarities than differences, so SEM, SEO, site design, content advantages, information, marketing. A lot of the mistakes we've made over the last 28 years apply. That can give you some sense here what you should and shouldn't do. A lot of the sales force planning is very similar. And I'd say that through the last several months, my enthusiasm has climbed for the new space that we're in, and you see an awful lot of opportunity here. And realistically, it's an industry that has sort of, in my mind, fallen into a little bit of a pattern, and there's a lot of opportunity for innovation.
Andrew C. Florance: Yes, so for -- I'm sure that I've got a dozen fine competitors on the call listening, and greetings to all of you today, and welcome to the CoStar earnings call, but the -- it is something that, from a consumer -- the industry, I think, historically, has really focused everything around how do I develop my business relationship with the property owner. And I think there needs to be more focus on what does the consumer want and the experience. I think that's a huge opportunity here. And the content we have, I think, will allow us to provide a much better experience to consumer. I think that it'll be a very similar game to -- if you look at what I was talking about with -- starting out with 31% of listings monetized at LoopNet acquisition, now moving that to 50%, continue to move that on up. I think it will be a similar kind of game where you'll have a mix of monetized and unmonetized, and you'll just try to move it to more and more monetized over time. But we believe that we can give a better consumer experience by using our research capabilities. And in terms of when we do that, I can't tell you.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, it would depend upon what kind of deal that was. So I think right now, the only way we would consider a transaction and something that we already did not have significant management expertise in would be as if it was a very unique opportunity. So we would likely be somewhat conservative in what we do in acquisitions that stretch management bandwidth. However, there are always opportunities to do acquisitions where the acquisition is more consolidation or something that is already well within our management competency all the way through our ranks so that the integrations occur at a level other than the C-suite. So to answer your question, it is -- there are a lot of things out there right now. We're looking at everything. Some are very interesting, but we prefer to focus on the great opportunities we have in LoopNet, CoStar, Lands of America, BizBuySell, Apartments.com, the debt and equity space. We've got a lot of good things to focus on, and we really only want do to things that support those core areas. Thanks, Todd. And I appreciate everyone. I think we just crossed the noon hour, so we're over our time limit. And I think AT&T is charging us about $1,000 a minute, so we appreciate everyone's time on the call today.
Brian J. Radecki: And so just to add to that, Andrew, so I have put this in my sort of revenue range for the year. It's great to actually sort of lock it in early. So it's sort of a onetime step-up in the sales, and then I think the sales will be pretty steady moving forward. Now just like with LoopNet, I know you covered them -- the apartment renting season, advertising season's pretty in full force in the second quarter. You get into late in the year and especially in Q4, it's a tougher comp. And of course, the majority of their customer base is not annual subscription. So just like with LoopNet, we're going to go through the same process, where we're going to start moving those over in the long term to annual agreements, but I've accounted for all that in my guidance range, so...
Brian J. Radecki: Yes. So to give you some color on that, so all we did was we pro forma-ed sort of the year, so far the 6 months ended June. The business would have done, on a pro forma basis, about $289 million of revenue for '14 versus $254.7 million in 2013. So all as we did was take their numbers and our numbers on a pro forma basis. So it's grown about 13.5%. So we're sort of growing, again, plus or minus, on a bigger broad range, 12% to 15%. And I think that's a pretty good range that will be in here over the coming quarters as, again, which will relate to the sales force maturity and productivity. Now remember, you got the -- basically, the combined business -- the CoStar business before, 50% of them new, and now the Apartments business will go through the same thing, which actually might even be lagged by a few -- 2 or 3 quarters from the -- our core business. So that will -- again, those productivity gains will come in sort of at the back half of this year, Q4, and then really roll through to 2015, just sort of you're up, I would say, on more of a full run rate in 2016. But for people that were -- have listened to the calls and been around the meetings with Andy and I, I mean, realistically, the productivity gains actually continue to go up for 5 years. But obviously, you'll see the biggest increase in those first 24 months. So we're pretty excited. I think we're in a good position. We look forward to it.
Brian J. Radecki: And just to remind everybody, just like LoopNet, I don't think we really started getting into that until 3 to 4 quarters into it. So as you guys listen to all the things that we've done in just the first 3 months, we're off to a pretty fast start. But it is a moment for self-reflection when you're disappointed that you're not paying enough attention to your marketing and they may want to buy. I can tell you about buying your information. Okay, guys. I'm not translating information, but I will. But I will, if you want.
Brian J. Radecki: And, Brandon, just to add to that, we're setting up calls with analysts for after the meeting and I think Rich or somebody was scheduling a 4:30 call, and they said, "Well, are you sure you guys will be done with your earnings call by then?" So the investor that e-mailed that knows who they are. So -- and just to add to Andy, so essentially, I do think that the cohorts of people that spill over each year, and obviously, we have a fairly high retention with people that have been here for over a couple of years, those cohorts do continue to get productivity gains over a 5-year period. And I think we've sort of shown that and talked about that, so. But obviously, right now, you just have a huge cohort and a new area that'll just continue to move. So this is going to be something again that's going to -- the big hiring push happens sort of late 20 -- or Q3. In the Q4, we are ramped up by the end of the year, and I think you're going to start seeing those gains. It'll really carry all the way through 2015 and so we're pretty excited.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, I mean, I think just like we do here, we try to give relevant -- we give some consistent metrics all the time, but we'll give relevant metrics each quarter based on what we're doing. I don't know that we're going to give it every single quarter, every detail number, but we're obviously going to be giving you guys insights on every call on how the sales force is doing, so...
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, I mean, I think we sometimes give several metrics, but the consistent metric, it was $16.1 million last year. It's $16.1 million this year. Just like we sort of gave a little color around the core CoStar family of brands this time, but the consistent metric is $16.1 million versus $16 million, so they're very similar. The $16 million was actually $16.043 million, almost rounded up to the same $16.1 million, but it was pretty close.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, sure. I mean, obviously, we're looking to optimize the capital structure. We believe that we sort of put the $400 million term loan to L plus 2%, and that drops over time with leverage ratios. Plus we have a $225 million revolver. So it's a combination of long term -- I believe, with the significant cash flow that we have, that we can have a slug of long-term debt and I think in the 2 to 4 turns range. We could flex up higher right after certain acquisitions because of the cash flow, but I think long term, we'll have 2 to 4 turns on there because of the high cash flow. And again, it'll move around based on strategic acquisitions and different things that we're doing, but I think we're pretty comfortable in that 2 to 4 range in the long term, again, having ability to flex up, keeping our options open with revolvers like we have. So I think that's a pretty good place for the company to be. It will give us opportunities to take advantage of strategic opportunities similar in size to LoopNet and apartments that we've done. You take the $466 million plus $225 million, you can see in our cash flow, we've got quite the capacity to do more strategic deals.
