Brian Radecki: Sure. I'll start and then hand it over to Andy. Thanks, Andre, 300 [ph]. So the core platform, the major brands that people think about, CoStar, LoopNet, and all that, they're all growing in the 11%-12%-13% rate the last few quarters. I think they're still growing fairly strong. Obviously there's a lot of focus around this recent release the last four months. But as we talked about in prior calls, we've devised a commission structure to people to be filling up the three major buckets on commissions. We think over time that will be -- still continue to be a strong area of growth.
Brian Radecki: Okay, yes. I'll start, and Andy can jump in. LoopNet, again, we keep pulling the levers. It's the same as we've talked about in prior calls. We've jacked up the price significantly. We are losing some people on the searching side. Again, overall LoopNet is growing a little bit less this year. We got a little bit less revenue this year than growth in the last year, still in that 10%-11%-12%-13% range. But we're essentially getting the effect of what we wanted. I'll let Andy talk about it. I mean, eventually we will move all those people off of there, and make it a pure marketing site. On the social thing there will be zero chance, and Andy can obviously overrule me. Zero chance that we will not eliminate that revenue. And zero chance we will not shut down the print. That is an absolute. We're already staring the process. And obviously we want to get to pure digital play in those areas. And we're feeling great about where we are in little over a month on this.
Brian Radecki: And just add one thing on that. We've got about 120 or so that we've given notices to. Most of them will be here through the end of the year, some a little bit going into the first quarter next year. So we're well underway. As most people know, CoStar moves a light speed. And we've done lots of very, very successful integrations and acquisitions. So I think we're well underway, maybe better than ever.
Brian Radecki: Yes, I'll talk about. So I'm going to focus on the annualized contracts bookings number, the 25 million number. The other numbers are good number too. There's a lot of monthly stuff that comes in and out of there. Obviously all Finder stuff is monthly now. We are moving most of the apartments to annual, but there is still a lot of monthly stuff there and a lot of monthly -- three-month stuff at LoopNet. So, on the annualized number, which is really to me the key metric that we're tracking, that's obviously up fairly significantly, and that's the number -- I don't try to guide to it, Because I'll tell you quite frankly we're in uncharted territories here. Right? And that's why I'd say, it's four months into this, and I don't want to extrapolate things. I've always said this in the last two calls like let's get through one full year of the marketing campaign, and the sales stuff, and then really know what the trajectory is. Do I think we can grow that number, continue to grow at 50 plus percent for the next 50 years? No. But can we continue to grow at that rate? Possibly. We've never done it before. I mean so we're in the fourth month in, and I just think it's a spectacular number now. Obviously as we keep getting more experience each quarter, then we will continually sort of update that number. So in the annualized bookings number, there's nothing as far as I'm aware that's one-time in nature. So I think we'll just have to see how that plays out. I mean obviously there's NAA. There's a lot of big bang things upfront. So I think you have to get through a full 12-month cycle to see where we're going on that.
Andy Florance: And with that the reality is, is that we are seeing good growth in the core business, but there is a unusually strong opportunity for our entire sales force in the Apartment opportunity, and that for good reasons diverts sales people attention to those big commission dollars on the Apartment side. So with so much growth over there, I'm very impressed that we're maintaining those double-digit growth rates in the core business.
Andy Florance: The competitive situation; frankly, Brain is right. I like competition. This may come as a surprise to people. The competitive front has been a lot of fun. There were a lot of players in the apartment space as we entered it. We have moved into number one. There have been reactions here and there. Our single largest competitor, RentPath, has for the first time begun to do some advertising to try to brand in reaction to our marketing campaign, national marketing campaigns. They've made some interesting choices. The mass majority of their revenue is on Apartment Guide. They decided to spend their marketing on Rent.com, which is the minority of their revenue. Our surveys show that Rent.com is less popular with apartment owners and managers. Apartment Guide is more popular. Watching Alexa, it would appear that there was spending really ahead of the NAA conference and no material traffic movement in Rent.com, which would look like to me, initially, who knows where it goes. It looks like a somewhat ineffective response. The CEO of that organization was replaced last month or this month. So I think that also might be an indication. Then I feel like we're in a very strong position with some of the other players that we're up against there. On the information side, I think we're having -- we're taking a lot of share from some of those smaller players providing multifamily information. I took a quick glance on the iPhone at a red light on the way down to the office this morning, at the only other publicly-traded company providing multifamily market information. And it would appear that their subscription revenue was absolutely flat for the first time in years, and that their revenue growth was all from consulting. And as you track -- have heard the term, zombie company, it's when you move to consulting instead of leveraged revenue. I think that shows that we're taking a lot of share there. And then folks who are in the space but not directly competitive, folks providing general real estate Web sites that begin with a C [ph] and end with a W, they're pretty busy right now on a lot of other issues. We are not seeing any share movement one way or another with them. So they have very little revenues in this space, and don't appear a big factor. I have to say it's been really rewarding to come in, and with our team build a really strong product offering, join up with the Finder folks, and the Apartments.com folks, ApartmentHomeLiving folks, and take a tremendous amount of share right now from everybody. If you want to ask to get back in line and ask the same question again, I'd love it.
Andy Florance: Yes, so the folks who were prior doing the social and print are actually have been given their warn notice, and we are actually moving people into other job opportunities, and that is a fait accompli. The only thing delaying the Premium Searcher is Apartments.com, and then ApartmentFinder, and the fact we're working really focusing on that. Again, the price, when we acquired LoopNet for Premium Searcher was roughly $37. Today it's roughly $300. Yes, it continues to grow. By taking it up there, and moving it towards parity with CoStar Property, it will make the transition easier as we do that. Again, it continues to grow. We really want to have the back ends integrated between LoopNet and CoStar Group so that there is a 100% clear upgrade path for all customers. And that if a customer wants to use the CoStar content inside the LoopNet interface they'll be able to do that as well. So we'll make progress on that this year, but again it's just delayed by Finder and Apartments.com's successes.
Andy Florance: Well, we -- in acquiring Apartments.com, one of the considerations was we looked at all of the other players, and looked at their price points they were charging people. We have experienced, though decades and decades ago, of converting from a print advertising medium to a digital information platform or digital marketing platform. And it's common that when someone converts from a print ad solution to a digital ad solution they maintain the cost structure of the -- just religiously maintain the cost structure of the print platform, which has ink, Heidelberg presses, and trucks involved. And that isn't always the right solution. You can actually -- when you have no direct cost for acquiring additional ad, other than the sales commission, it's possible to very profitably go for volume, and leave a player who is charging print prices vulnerable. So you can go for higher profitability at higher volume. And, clearly, the renters have told us they care about higher volume. That's the strategy we're going after. And the fun thing is that it's hard for the competitor who has set a strategy on high price at a low volume to respond to that quickly. So I'm very comfortable of the prices we're charging. Again, we have these differentiated scales, so we have silver, gold, platinum, and diamond. We're intentionally bringing people in on level three, and leaving open the ability to move them to level two and one over time. Buildings moving into lease-up or the vacancy problems move into -- will pay dramatically more, they'll pay more than twice or three times as much to go into the top [indiscernible] position with the most prominent ad. I believe that if you get some softness with over construction, some marketers will get a lot a more share and that people move into that two in one position to create a marketing exposure. And then the other thing is we just have a cost advantage here. I mean we're already collecting all those content about the buildings. We don't have to hire the people to collect that content in connection with the sale of an ad. So our costs are being distributed across the advertising platform and the information platform. So I feel very comfortable where we are right now, and I just think we're lucky as heck to have a cost advantage. And do not be afraid to be a little bit bold and change in the business model up a little bit. So did I answer your question? Okay, I'll assume it did.
Andy Florance: Sure, happy to. I met with a lot of owners recently with NAA in Vegas, and was extremely pleased with the feedback I received. So across the board, the most senior principals of firms, and then the marketing leadership across the board, everybody I spoke to acknowledged that they were happy with ever seeing a material improvement in lead quality and quantity from Apartments.com over prior year. And in particular, one of our strategy differences from other competitors has been we are not focused on maximum lead volume or focused on lead quality. So a lead is a cost item. A lease is a revenue item. And the industry had gotten into a game where it was drive leads to the telephone leasing office, regardless whether or not that lead was even remotely qualified. So specifically you don't tell the person if the apartment, the one bedroom is available or not. You haven't called the leasing office to find out. That's a waste of the leasing office's time. So we've done, as we're telling people there's no one bedroom available here, don't bother calling unless you're really, really desperate. And that brings lead volume down a little bit. The marketing and the traffic brings lead volume up, but it's more qualified leads. So we're getting -- we are really pleased with what've heard. And I think now, especially for the 13,000 communities that have been advertising with the ApartmentFinder, I believe we're going to blow their minds. I think we're going to give them an increase of leads, like, they can't believe when you go from 2 million unique visitors to 14 million unique visitors. And you go from, again, this sort of murky lead shotgun game to really qualified high quality leads. I think it will work really well.
Andy Florance: So if I extract out inside sales selling a LoopNet in tertiary markets, and I extract out verticals and real estate manager and things like that, these are little sales teams of -- just smallest sales team, which were not insignificant. There's probably a hundred some people there. And I focused on the core businesses. It really breaks into a CoStar information-oriented and commercial real estate oriented sales force. And then in Apartment, a marketing-oriented sales force. One of my big concerns, this time last year was that I did not have as big an apartment marketing sales force as my competitors did. And that was one of our disadvantages, so I was pushed to move the CoStar information sales people into supplement what we had in the apartment side. So the ApartmentFinder acquisition really solves a whole and has been exceeding expectations for the result. And especially it's different about this apartment business than from the office industrial retail business is that, the smallest cities in America play an outsized role. So Greensboro, and Biloxi, and Baton Rouge, Albany, Buffalo, they actually generate material revenue in these apartment sectors. So we did not have strong offices or personnel in those really, really small cities. And ApartmentFinder brought that to us. So it's complementary geographic distribution between where the ApartmentFinder folks are strong and where the Apartments.com people are strong. The tenure of the ApartmentFinder people we're bringing on is excellent. I mean it's not a typical that's eight years, 12 years, 14 years at NAA as I moved from little group, at the party, from little group of clients with a sales person, a little group of clients with sales person, I heard several times that this sales person was in this client's wedding party. So that's fantastic. And what that's done has given us real strength in the tertiary markets and good relationships, and then also, some strength in the primary markets. So for instance, Apartments.com had six sales people in Los Angeles, and ApartmentFinder has six people in Newport Beach, so it tells me that no one really manages sales people down there before, because you can't go from Newport to Santa Barbara effectively sell, and by bringing those two groups together, you actually begin to able to assign out L.A. in a realistic territory pattern. The thing that's key is the teaming between the information sales person and the marketing sales person. That's working like a homerun. People are teaming up. And they end up getting a lot more revenue and taking lot more share when they go into combined offering. And the other nice thing about that is historically the marketing people were gate-kept at the leasing office of the community. So they were often selling one community at a time to the leasing manager of the community. When you bring in the CoStar reps' information, they're used to selling to the C-suite of the organization, and that group has an interest in it. So they're bringing the marketing person up to the C-suite, and it's atypical we are getting a lot of deals with the 20 communities at once, which was prior unheard of, which is allowing us to move so much shares so quickly. Anecdotally, I would hypothecate that -- maybe six or seven competitors we're dealing with right now, I would guess that many of them are down 10% of their revenues this year. Again, I look carefully at our public. I look carefully at the subscription base for public information competitor. I think that this teaming in the sales force is working incredibly effectively, moving thousands of communities to us. So there will be - there is some overlap in some areas, but we want to grow that sales force for the -- there's an unlimited need to grow that marketing sales force on the LoopNet side in the field and the lands of America, which is still are very promising vibrant business with a great future. So I would -- I know you're not supposed to look at an acquisition and say that the sales force was like a real linchpin. You wouldn't spend that much money for just a sales force, but we did get fantastic sales forces here. And I am personally thrilled to finally look at like our Charlotte office and see real strength, see like 15, 16 solid sales people and the real CoStar presence in that community. So we're really a meaningful member of that business community. So that's happening all over the country, and I'm very thrilled with it. It will be a competitive strength.
Andy Florance: Yes. We initially thought that the focus would be on selling the information product to the asset manager, at the owner, or at the property management firm, where property management is also involved in acquiring and disposing for their clients. So we thought we're showing more of an asset management tool with our product. And what's surprised us was that often the very same person who would make the most senior decision on the marketing was also the person that had the greatest need for tactical rental information. So you go meet with somebody, ensure the asset mangers are in there and they're interested, but the direct VP of Leasing has to manage and understand every day what all their competitors are charging for rent, and they either watch for the people who are raising or lowering their rents, and that same person is responsible for lead generation. So what thrilled us was that person when you could solve the problem that no one else could solve, because no one else is solving this problem we're solving here. There are other people, who provide information on apartment buildings, but they're updating a very small set of properties realistically with a very, very small staff. And they're doing it on a bimonthly basis typically, or a quarterly basis. And we are updating more properties and their rental information each day than I believe any of our competitors update all year long, like, update quarterly. So we're providing these people with really good pricing, competitive intelligence. And that is really compelling to them. And the great thing is they control a massive budget for marketing the properties. And then the other little secret there is that they -- it's appropriate, there's nothing wrong with it, but they have a big budget for marketing these 30 buildings they manage, but the marketing budget goes directly into the partnerships on the buildings. And if they can get packages that allow them to get discounts on information based on the spent at the building, they can get very low cost information of the general partnership, and they're really like that. You could make an argument that you could allocate information cost against the limited partnerships of the building set in, but we do that for them. So in many cases, if somebody moves, there's substantial advertising budget for 20 or 30 properties from a competitor to Apartments.com. They can get free information to manage their rentals and their asset managements. They're underwriting the whole nine yards. And I really enjoyed the other day listening to a sales pitch from a direct competitor, where it was quite clear at the end of the presentation that the CoStar marketing analytics was a better product, and was free, because of their marketing. And the competitive sales person just shrugged and disappeared. So that's the surprise. Thank you. So I believe at this point, we have no more questions. So thank you all for joining us in this call. And we look forward to those who are going to be up in New York for the Needham conference, and for those we are going to see up in Boston in the next -- the day following that. We look forward to seeing you. Again, thank you very much, and look forward to hearing from you all next quarter, and look forward to Scott leading the call next quarter, and Brian making comments from the peanut gallery. Thank you very much.
