Scott Wheeler: Quite a nice build up although I must say talking about the numbers that’s just doesn't get any better than this.
Scott Wheeler: I am just a warm up actually. Well, that’s good to hear that none of the tariffs are affecting our revenue nor our outlook…
Scott Wheeler: No, the only variability is how fast we can deploy the capital and build the team, grow internationally and then when we get those acquisitions that come in [indiscernible] of integration and then be able to grow on the backs of those. But I mean those are a little more cyclical and lumpy, but we have plenty of opportunities to go after and we just need to keep working hard.
Scott Wheeler: And then to your question on the 35% Brett, when we look at it on a per rep basis for the CoStar sales force, now that they're selling both CoStar and LoopNet on a year-over-year basis in the third quarter, on a per rep basis, they're selling 35% more in net bookings than they were selling last year. The biggest piece of that growth is in LoopNet is where they've been directed in selling a lot more and still growth in CoStar, low double digits on individual productivity and the rest have been LoopNet.
Scott Wheeler: Great, yes thanks Sterling. Let me clarify the pieces there. The $4 million drag that we talked about was a bookings drag that was in the net new sales bookings number. There is a parallel drag, I'll call it to revenue, and that has to do more the our products that were sold by ForRent previously that we chose not to continue. Those we never count in our bookings at all, those are revenue that comes with the acquired company that will tradeoff of over the course of the year. And it will offset the growth in our bookings. So that's why when you saw the revenue in the Apartments multifamily growth rate slowed in Q3 because you picked up a bigger chunk of that in Q2 right after the acquisition, and then this sort of non-bookings revenue that we're not selling anymore that erodes as people’s contracts come up. So that's the revenue drag, which goes parallel to this bookings conversions issue. So hopefully I’ve cleared what those two pieces are. And yes, we did expect that to happen early in the quarter, the that bookings came out fairly strong that we were happy with how the sales force actually sold a great amount of new product even while they're doing the conversions. So we're happy with how the ForRent and the Apartments combined forces are selling together and they are working together in their own individual territories. And now the former ForRent sales folks are ramping up their productivity and are about 75% to 80% productive as our historical Apartments reps in selling new business. So we're seeing really good progress there.
Scott Wheeler: Sure. We're pretty happy to see the expansion that we're seeing now, especially when you're going to big integration like that, and the acquired business was making little of any margin. And so we took on a big slug of cost and had to rationalize that and keep the revenue at the same time. When you look at the progression [ph] through the year, it's really improved obviously as we've taken those out. And when you look at the associate the average margin for the business in the fourth quarter, you see that multifamily is going to be right there broadly in line with where the total business is going to be the fourth quarter. Now you could say okay, yes but that’s real low real marketing spend, which is true. So that business is still not going to be in the profitable range of the entire business for the year. But I think when you see us at least hitting one quarter now on average, we’ll hit more of those as time goes on. We still believe that the margin profile of multifamily can be equivalent to the average margin of the entire business on an overall basis. We've got to scale a little bit more.
Scott Wheeler: Yes it’s a very high scale. So hopefully that gives you some clarity. We're happy with the way we're pacing and the business is performing well.
Scott Wheeler: Yes, when we started this at the very end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter, we really eliminated the discounting in many forms. Some of it was in bundle discounts some of it was in just manager discretionary discounts; some of it was in just selling partial products, which really resulting in discounts; and then some were in annual escalations that we had, which resulted in essential discounts. So this was all happening at the same time in the early second quarter where we said, we're done with the discounting programs anymore, all of those go away. And now we manage the business to a very defined rate card. We have very defined escalations on an annual basis. And then now we're starting to take some of the very deepest of the discounts on a combined product basis, and go back to those clients, look at the value proposition. And those that have strong value propositions are now signing up for three years escalations or three-year increases to get up to rate card over a multiyear time frame. And we probably did about 30-or-so of those deals in the last month and a half to start to get our feet wet on that. So those are all part of this, first, firm up your pricing, firm up your rate card and now go start to take the deeper discounts historically and move them up to rate card because you've seen the investment we put in the product with all the analytics, with all the new research centers and all these things over time and we're seeing clients are willing to step up to that as they recognize that value. 
Andy Florance: And then another thing to just remind everybody is that when we acquired ForRent, I sat down and had a chance to talk to the President of ForRent, we'd really been negotiating with Dominion not with leadership of ForRent directly. And I asked the President of ForRent, what is it – what is it like I've never been a cycle running a large ILS. And I said what's it like when you are in a negative cycle and he was surprised and he said well, Andy, we are in a negative cycle. You just don’t see that because you guys are killing it. When vacancy rates are low, ILS spending is down. When vacancy rates are high, ILS spending goes up. So there's some degree that there could be some cyclicality that's inverse on the apartment side and especially when you look at the fundamentals looking like I say Atlanta, Georgia. Interest rates coming up, the Case-Shiller for Atlanta has housing pricing up 76% in five years like it's going to the multifamily. So we feel really quite good about it with a lot of legs to go. More worried about a Black Swan, a thing you can't anticipate.
Andy Florance: Well, here we are in this public call. So – yes, so we have – it's really just – it's not so much dramatic change. It's focusing on some of the fundamentals that worked well for us for a long time. I think the one big change is that we had to make a fundamental decision. We're going to have two different large national sales forces meeting with exactly the same customers. So the people that buy ads from LoopNet are commercial estate brokers and commercial estate owners. Buying an ad from LoopNet is fairly basic. We generally can hire a new sales person and get them up and running and successfully selling LoopNet, the vast majority of the time, within a matter of months. So the clients expressed to us that really, we don't like being called by fifteen different people and it makes sense that we just have one point of relationship management. So we shifted our sales efforts to teach the CoStar sales force to sell LoopNet into that CoStar customer base rather than having two different sets of people calling in. The CoStar sales force would naturally be in a better position to price more effectively and to sell the higher end ads. And it's – and the numbers show, it's working out well. The other thing is that you're always tweaking, you never want to take your customer base for granted. And when we are in a very strong market, sometimes there is a temptation for the sales force to just be looking to churn the next piece of business. And it’s a huge industry, but it's a small industry and it's important that our sales force continues to build relationships with our clients. And my experience in the industry is that the salesperson that builds relationships long term sells twice as much net as the person that doesn't. So we're really just sort of optimizing the sales force and this positions us for sustained long term growth and good client satisfaction. We do not run every quarter to how can we get the single highest booking this quarter because I'll be gone next quarter since I've been here for so darn long, I tend to think the next year, the next year and the long term right answer. So sometimes we do the hard right instead of the easy wrong.
Andy Florance: How are we going to proceed with that? Well, we are going to – I mean the numbers are obviously spectacular so far. And they keep – I guess we’re – if you take the first and the second round, Rich, would this be about $167 million of upsell. And as fast as we upsell these things, they seem to replenish themselves. So it will – we've been doing a number of initiatives with our marketing department buildings, some online videos where we try to figure out who we’re targeting and then we present value proposition based on who they are. So we’re doing a little more digital selling and preparation. But we're continuing to focus on it. And you know as we stated earlier, I think it is a multi-year effort. I think it’s something that will be work in this LoopNet conversion list for at least another three years and then it will move into a long term sustainability where five million people coming in a given month often. And some percentage of them, they'll begin their customer journey with us in the LoopNet interface. And then when they keep returning, we can identify the market to them and then migrate them up to CoStar. 99.5% of the people coming to LoopNet never see any upgrade messages, any upsell messages. They don't know there's a CoStar because they’re end users. We want to keep it that way. And we really are sort of laser targeting the folks we really think are consuming at a level they should move up to professional product. So I hope that answers the question.
Andy Florance: Yes, obviously, the – let’s just keep our bearings here. Obviously, the growth is excellent in the multifamily space and continues to be very strong and exceptional, so historical – all-time highs for anyone in the space. And we anticipate that we've got a lot of exciting stuff for years to come here. As we brought in ForRent, we bring in that revenue slug upfront. It does not pass through our sales bookings numbers. We upfront when we acquired them we never had any expectation that we would retain 100% of the revenue. Often you'll have someone buying a top paid top level ad on both sides. And if someone's you know they will we expect that there will be some churn off where they won't buy top level ads on two sites from us. We can retain a lot of that, but not all of that and we sort of anticipated that. And as that that burns off, you have – it comes out in our sales booking. So it goes in silently, but it comes out in the sales booking number. So that creates 4 million some drag in the quarter against the multifamily bookings roughly. And then the other thing is that when you're bringing in two sales forces and taking your message out there, your number one goal is to solidify the revenue and solidify the relationships. You want to get out there, make sure that you are visiting every one of these new customers coming to Apartments.com network and that you have them in there. And I don't have the exact cancellation numbers for ForRent, but I would imagine they were probably 400%, 500% higher than ours…
Andy Florance: And so we want to take that revenue, bring it in and bring it long term into the super low industry leading cancellation rates or the super high renewal rates we enjoy. So that's what this – as they do all that, they're not going to simultaneously be out, go into another customer base at the same productivity level. So now we move into the fourth quarter, they've got all that stuff behind them largely. I think there is 200, 300 out of 7,100. But now, they'll be focusing back out on the opportunity. And again one of the big opportunities right in front of us is there are still, I guess, 7,000 some firms that are buying only products from RentPath, which is a huge opportunity for us. And then the other things that that these firms have been losing share to us have shown us and that we've learned is that there is a ton of share below 100 units. That's where most of the market is. And so we're focusing on that opportunity. So a positive outlook, feeling good about it.
Andy Florance: Yes, so Bill you've definitely got the fact straight there. We had about $4 million of this erosion that we saw as we're converting each quarter. No other offsets or ad backs, the LoopNet info run off is down at negligible amount. It's not really enough to talk about. So nothing really left for there. I think what you're seeing too is a little bit of what we saw last year in Q3 where in the CRE business, you come into July and August and you just see a slowdown in activity and slow down of flow through, which you saw last year in the CoStar and some in the LoopNet bookings. So we saw that again in the third quarter of this year. And when you dig on to that and you look at what the sales force is selling to some of the stats Andy gave, we're encouraged that they're – year-over-year the sales people are selling 35% more this year in net than what they were selling last year in commercial real estate as CoStar LoopNet combined. We simply need to get some more of them in-house, so we can keep selling more. And we didn't see as you heard the sales force numbers were down slightly, sequentially here lot and apartments, but some in CoStar as well. So we'll need to keep pushing those back into the sales force and that will help us continue on the good productivity piece that we're seeing, but I think you got the ad backs right there.
Andy Florance: Sure, it’s a good question because probably the temperature is changing a little bit here. And so we did the Realla deal. And that's an example of a deal that is not a big deal. It's not the size of an Apartments.com. It's a much, much smaller deal. But what we're interested in there is the technology of the people and the positioning. And there are – we probably have 10, 12 deals right now that we're very interested in. And so, it's probably a little bit more aggressive now than it has been. But if you are – in particular if you are looking at some of these companies that bring technology that are operating at relatively small basis that you can leverage into a much bigger platform. The relative value is the issue not where you are in the cycle. So when you do a deal like Realla, it doesn't matter it’s the top of the cycle or bottom of cycle, the cycle is the cycle and it probably – where we are in the cycle probably matter, more when you are looking at billion dollar deals. And there we have to think hard and carefully, but we still consider those. So we are not seeing again reiterate, there's – I look at our younger commercial estate analysts and economists and they talk about rent growth slowing as a disaster and like you should see what's like when rent growth falls, this is actually really good environment, the best of ever good, so we don’t see anything falling off right away. So we continue to look at very aggressively at smaller deals right now and we probably will have news there and probably at a much greater pace than you've seen in the last year or so.
Andy Florance: Yes so I think people sometimes look for – obviously this is a great business with a strong track record and continues and has the ability to sustain these high growth rates for a huge period of time, why? Because it is a $50 trillion, $70 trillion global asset class and we’re the largest player in that space. And we’re just at the early days of creating those solutions. And clearly, we’ve shown that we’re able to build compelling products that have a huge advantage – that have just a huge advantage over some of the slower competitors. So now we – if we just kept going up every single quarter like clockwork, you might say, hey, are these made of returns? But they're not, there is some volatility and we do things periodically like buying ForRent that create noise in the number so and so forth. But the market is strong, our competitive advantage is unquestioned. We have shared some news with you that should be exciting to you on other competitive fronts. I don't want to do schadenfreude but it's a reality.  And then we have a really robust product pipeline. There are a lot of opportunities out there. There's also a lot of M&A opportunities out there. And virtually, everything we're looking at in M&A is not about picking up the revenue of the company we're buying, it's about building out the platform. It's about picking up one of these companies and building a solution that reaches a much broader audience and also as an interconnected solution, so that the inputs already exist in our system and outputs feed another part of our system. So there's a lot of good stuff here, it's a great company. And while bookings sequential stair-step precision in the bookings growth is important, it's not everything, so. 
Andy Florance: Yes, and it's really important that people keep their eye on the big picture, which this acquisition has exceeded our expectations. And it's difficult to put a precise revenue number on what revenues actually attributable for ForRent today. But our senses is that this deal was a – ultimately ends up being a single-digit EBITDA acquisition, multiple EBITDA acquisition that has tremendous strategic advantage to the company. So these are the kind of deals we love, and they set the stage for long-term growth of the company. So as we beat the expected burn off revenue numbers, it would be a mistake for people to take those as negative.
Andy Florance: Sure. So yes, it does show our willingness and our commitment to continue growing the platform. I don’t want to get into too much detail for competitive reasons on exactly what we plan to do. But we do think that there is opportunity to expand our footprint internationally pretty quickly using some technology and methods that reduce the initial cost of going to market in reducing an initial risk. So we think it's possible to take couple of hundred people and add 50 countries with some footprint. So we're looking at that we're looking at companies that will support that. I do feel that the more I’m in the business the more you're out there looking at the different players. You do feel that a company that is building up all these different software sets, and models, and customer bases and interactions between these different components, this is a game of software and software is about scale and its global scale. So I think the future is providing us an international level. We don't want to be measured about it because our EBITDA growth in the United States is awesome. And you want to keep harvesting your EBITDA in the United States, but then keep our eye on the fact that 10 years from now, we could have half of our EBITDA being global. And we would never want to give that up. It's just very similar to when we were making a lot of money in Washington, in New York, there was some skepticism about taking it out to the whole country. And the numbers in the secondary markets in the United States in the earlier years as we expand our New York and Washington were de minimis, but they're not de minimis now. And we're excited about the technology is changing a little bit, and the market is changing little bit, opening up some new opportunities for us.
Andy Florance: So the word waiving escalations is completely foreign to me and I don't understand it. So we went through a phase where you had all of these LoopNet folks who were getting really marginal product and paying very little. And you want to bring them over to the CoStar platform. And we stretched down in pricing to include them in the business. Then you had Xceligent out there operating for an extended period of time. And we estimate that for every dollar they were charging someone, they were spending $5 to produce it. So they created this artificial price point out there. And again trying to bring people into the system, we extended discounts for a period of time. The reality is our products on the commercial real estate side provide an owner, or broker, an appraiser, irreplaceable huge value. And they are a major bargain. And our renewal rates would instruct any economist that we are under pricing these products. And the difference between – only a junior salesperson who doesn't understand the market sells these lower-priced things, you have the more senior salesperson who comfortably signed a much higher point. So over time, you would expect to see the pricing growth continue to reflect the value we are providing folks. And the ROI on investment in our products, half of our clients is phenomenal no matter what we do with escalations of a couple of points to each year or more. So the era of trying to meet Xceligent's pre-bankruptcy pricing is behind us. And yes, enough said, we feel strongly about that one. And let's get Pete in here for cheating second question.
Andy Florance: Hey that’s a good question because always you’d expect at 3.7% unemployment you get some problems. I'm very grateful that we moved to Richmond with a research center we did because that's probably where a lot of competition would occur. We went into – like the engagement surveys in Richmond show that that center is working really well, folks are pretty happy there, I think, its great feel and energy down there. That offsets our huge sort research hiring needs. I would not want to be hiring in some – the researchers in some U.S.A. right now. On the sales front, I think, I have no indication that our hiring is not going well. It is just a question of we've been really busy and a lot of change and we're not afraid of change. So you put two big competing sales forces together in the apartment industry, we're experienced enough to fully expect churn and reactions and we manage and at the best we can and then you just deal that and going keep on hiring. I think we communicated that earlier. The other thing is that I always believe it’s good to be real straightforward the sales force about what the expectations for the job are. And it's to sell the correct solutions to the right people and to maintain a good positive relationship with those customers, and we don't yield on that. And if that causes 10 people in the CoStar sales force to leave, we'll be better off next year. And so it's on track. I think we probably need to continue sort of tweet the organization structure to be able to do with the growth but I would say it's going well. And next year is probably easier than this year in terms of the number of changes happening in the sales force, which even when no change occurs one year in the sales force, all sales forces believe lots of changes occurring.
Andy Florance: And so with that, I think, we will conclude the earnings call. And please stay tuned, the suspense is palpable, will CoStar reach its 40% margin goal and the adjusted EBITDA margin goal in the fourth quarter? Please standby and we'll talk to you at the yearend earnings call. Thank you.
