Andrew C. Florance: I'd like to apologize for the fact that Brian is a little punchy on the results. So as you know, it's been building very quickly off the LoopNet acquisitions -- off the LoopNet acquisition. So as always, we are addressing what we believe is a huge market opportunity. And also, as we've mentioned in the past, there are other opportunities for acquisitions over the next year or so, and we're constantly evaluating that. Right this moment, we're focused on achieving the synergy potentials from LoopNet, along with a lot of organic product initiatives. But generally, we would not look at this level of cash as being excessive, and we'll watch that question as we move over the next year or 2 and balance questions like when and how much the debt we should retire.
Andrew C. Florance: Obviously, I don't want to -- I have to be careful not to mention anything specifically. There are -- I think, the seas are changing, and there's some pretty interesting things. If you go back 10 years ago -- I believe just roughly, at the back of a napkin -- 10 years ago, there was probably about $500 million of market cap with publicly traded companies providing real estate services on the Internet. And today, your -- before we come out of this year, it will probably be at $22 billion of market cap globally, with some substantive players, be it residential or commercial in China, Australia, France, United Kingdom, the U.S. So I think that over the next 5 to 10 years, I think there's some wildly interesting opportunities. And we're not going to be looking in anything that is small or very small. But we're intrigued by some of the opportunities out there, and we think there is some interesting stuff. It's usually a little bit bigger. But we're -- right now, as you can see from the earnings call and all the things we've talked about, we have some good things going on, and we want to focus on doing that well and not getting ahead of ourselves.
Andrew C. Florance: And one of the challenges there is that 21,000 subscriber sites gets a little less meaningful as you look at -- the number is probably dramatically higher when you look at all the other combinations.
Andrew C. Florance: Yes. I mean, for sure, you're -- if your dealing with a 12-hour clock with the beginning of the recovery. 6:00 in the -- 6:00 on the clock would be the height of the next -- top of the next cycle. We're probably at quarter after, at best. So we are -- I mean, the industry is looking at it saying, clearly things are improving. So we're in the phase where people are saying, "Okay, now I'm admitting things are clearly improving." But there are so many things that people out there would look at and say, "Ouch, this isn't quite right." So rents are still relatively soft. On an inflation-adjusted basis, rents have not really moved up in quite some time. And you've got this low deliveries, but the demand really hasn't been massive. I mean, I was looking at these good absorption numbers, but they're not massive. And one would expect in a full economic recovery you would get absorption numbers orders of magnitude higher here. And when that happens, with the absolute complete lack of supply, except in multi-family, I would expect you'd get some significant rent growth and some significant NOI growth, which is good news because you're going to have interest rates come up, which is going to leave people that bought buildings for a 4% yield feeling silly. And so it's going to be a balance between those 2. But I would say that there's a lot of room for significant tailwind here. But again, CoStar makes money from different segments of the market when things are going to hell in a handbasket and CoStar makes money from a different segment when things are going well. We definitely prefer when things are going well. That's where we make the most money. But we're definitely in the early, early, early phases. Like most people, I'd say, probably -- sentiment is that probably half the industry would say we're still in the downturn. And they haven't realized that we're coming out of it yet. It's a long answer.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, you have to imagine, I think about this a fair amount. One of the -- one of the challenges is we've got a large sales force just scattered all over the United States. It's one of our greatest strengths, and it also is like a large ship. It turns slowly. And when you have an opportunity like this to cross-sell these 2 massive audiences, and they really are massive, it requires a lot of training. You got to take both of these prospects for your products and get them to change a long -- a decade-long-held belief on which information product is right for them or what marketing solutions are good for them. You also have to simultaneously change the deeply-ingrained, well-practiced behaviors of the sales force. Both these groups have got to change some behaviors and do some learning, and that's take -- I didn't expect that to happen overnight. So what's happening is, the sales managers, the salespeople are getting -- are learning more about how to communicate the differences and benefits of the services, and you're starting to see that take hold, and people are getting better at it. So initially, you might have had 20% close rates and now you're moving up to 37% close rates. And the thing I'm the most excited about is, this whole automation thing. These are massive databases. They're geographically dispersed databases. They're very -- they're not very homogenous. Like you can call a building lots of different things. So it's very difficult for a sales person to walk in and talk to someone who's been using LoopNet for 10 years and say, "Hey, this information system is twice as powerful as the one you've got from LoopNet." Well, the LoopNet person felt LoopNet was great. And they're right, but the other one's even greater. So the automated tools take something that almost nobody can do, and makes it really easy to do. And then right there, boom. You can look at a neighbor and say, "In this neighborhood where you, Mr. Broker, are practicing, here are 20 properties that you would not find in LoopNet because they're only discovered from our field research and our people calling in the research center, and you need to upgrade from our LoopNet information product to our highest end product to take advantage of that." These people cannot stand it if they think they're missing one listing, and these new automated tools will help them get there. I was in England last week, and I was talking to a client in a focus group, and I had forgotten that we had put one of those automated tools in our system, in our retail information solution on the web in the U.K. And the broker was saying, "You know, I feel like I have to buy all these things from you. I was buying your shop properties, like the e-mail distribution, but this little box kept popping up telling me there were more properties in your other higher end system, FOCUS, so I had to go buy that." And it just reminded me that the automated tools work. And my belief is that you will see our sales force get more and more productive over the next 3 or 4 quarters in doing this cross-selling. You've seen that we're only addressing in the LoopNet group, it's only 5% we've gotten to. And so I think we'll see progression here over the next 3 quarters if we do this well, and if we achieve what I think can be achieved. We also -- we're just putting a round of price increases through on LoopNet Premium Searchers who had not had a price increase in like 5 or 6 years and, basically, are paying the same price they were paying like in 1970 or something. And of that group of people who are intense users, long-term customers of LoopNet, we have not demo-ed 80% of them. So 80% of the people I would think were the very best prospects have not yet been met with. So I think we will be able to see continued traction here. And I wish I could train the whole sales force faster and develop better sales tools faster, but it just has taken a year, and it'll take a little bit longer.
Andrew C. Florance: And that one grew 45%. That one -- and that one, we haven't yet begun to really put as much effort into the training on, but I have a lot of confidence in that one. So that one probably is one that will accelerate in '14 or later '14. I don't know if I answered your question, but...
Andrew C. Florance: I -- yours truly can spend 10 minutes in the spreadsheet and fire out more leads than these people can get to in the next 3 years in under 10 minutes. So it's not the data mining. It's the fact that with recovering commercial real estate, with better SEO on the LoopNet side, with better customer experience in the LoopNet side, just more people are gravitating to LoopNet. The LoopNet brand is really strong. It's the preferred. It is the place to go for tenants and buyers, and there's millions of them. And it's just growing. So you got 2 different worlds. LoopNet is all about the tenants and the small investors, and CoStar is about the hard core commercial real estate professionals. And as the pro-sumer base at LoopNet grows, that just gives us more people to upgrade to the hard core professional system.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, remember, we're shifting our resource allocation from inside to field. But I would like to see us come out of this year at 225 salespeople. And I would like us to, at a minimum, to be at 250 in '14. Now remember, we're also going to move to more customer vertical selling orientations. So what you would see is, where right now you might have 8 salespeople in Washington D.C., next year you might have 12 sales people in Washington D.C. but 2 focusing on owners, 1 focusing on lenders, and 1 focusing on retailers, and the rest, general. So we're going to -- we're generally looking for 250-some middle of next year, end of next year. 225 this year, which is very aggressive.
Andrew C. Florance: I mean, we had a little bit of that now, we have probably -- we have a little bit of that going on right now. But it will be -- it will pick up in the fourth quarter, first, second, third quarter.
Andrew C. Florance: Well, the -- I mean, absolutely. So one of the things we're trying to do with these enhancements, we've got some great customers, we've got great market position, and we want to give our clients the products they deserve and make sure that we're doing what we can do and increase customer satisfaction. So I'm looking forward to, hopefully, in the third or fourth quarter, having our customers feeling really good about CoStar and LoopNet. And -- but I think, inevitably, it will make it easier, again, to up-sell people in the information side. I think it will help the multi-family. It will help us reach people that prior wouldn't have had a value for our systems. It really didn't cover their segment of real estate. And then also the LoopNet -- the new LoopNet product opportunities, I think, are huge. Like I have said before, and it may happen or it may not happen, but I think the broker advertisements in LoopNet could one day be bigger than the property advertisements in LoopNet. So I think that -- so the answer is yes. The stuff could absolutely -- and they could be any one of the 3 or 4 things we're doing. But we're also -- we've got a full pipeline. So we've got additional stuff we're trying to do in '14 and '15 as well. And I was really quite pleased with Virtual Premise. And as we integrate that, and I think that will be very attractive to the retail community.
Andrew C. Florance: Yes, they're pretty much -- I mean they're -- what I would I say, Todd, is that March was our best month ever, followed by April as our best month ever. But it's not...
Andrew C. Florance: But it's not -- but they're not significant enough through the quarters. I mean, I think that it sort of averages out through the quarter. So it's not like we're getting 80% of our sales in 1 month and it drops off the next month. It's pretty consistent from quarter-to-quarter. But obviously, we've had some really, really good record months. We are coming in the summertime, which is typically slower. And we have a lot of stuff happening in the fall as far as product releases and ramp-up of the sales force. But we're pretty excited about where we are and where we're going.
Andrew C. Florance: We do not off the top of our heads, my -- I'm going to give you a broad range guesstimate. I would say 50%, 60% have access to Suite.
Andrew C. Florance: We are definitely seeing up-sell opportunity there and I hate to -- I mean, to get specific, one of our very best customers over 2 decades, approaching 3 decades, would be Jones Lang LaSalle. We're close partners and work very closely together. There are a number of Jones Lang LaSalle's in the United States does not have our Suite product. So like there's still a lot of revenue upside potential there.
Andrew C. Florance: Great. Well, thank you all very much for joining us for the second quarter '12 -- '13 earnings call. And we look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, I mean, I think what you look at is prior to the acquisition, both companies are growing at like 10%. Both CoStar and LoopNet, the core information services, are all now moving up and accelerating into the mid-teens. The LoopNet business is growing, obviously, at the -- in the high-teens in 20% in some product areas of LoopNet. Obviously, their businesses, their core services, are growing at 20%. Some of the other ones are growing in the mid-teens. So they're definitely growing a little bit faster than CoStar. But CoStar continues to accelerate. And of course, the majority of the cross-sell is really going to be attributed to sort of selling the information and analytics. So the $27 million, $18-some million of it is really selling CoStar services to the LoopNet client base. So both companies are growing, accelerating into that mid-teens area, which is where I think we'll be for years and years to come.
Brian J. Radecki: Sure. Yes, I mean what it is, is that there's some deferred revenue adjustments in there. And then it's probably where you're looking at the synergies coming in, and you're attributing it to either CoStar or LoopNet. I mean, overall, we view the business in sort of one -- as one-in-one segment in the commercial real estate, and we really report our stuff geographically, U.S. and U.K. So I guess it just depends on which place you're allocating the sales force. I mean, my view is, we have one sales force. That sales force sells CoStar. It sells LoopNet. So obviously, as long as we continue to produce record sales results, to me, it doesn't really matter which side of the business it comes from. So a lot of it's just allocations.
Brian J. Radecki: Sure. Subscription client sites were about 21,770 and Loop Premium Members were about 84,320, both of them up pretty significantly year-over-year.
Brian J. Radecki: Sure, yes. I mean, we've got about 180 in the field. We've got about 100 or so inside sales reps. In total, we've got about 335. So that's been pretty consistent the last few quarters. We would expect obviously to continue to work on getting that field number up -- field numbers up pretty significantly year-over-year. But we're going to continue to try to grow that over the next few quarters and really through next year.
Brian J. Radecki: Well the difference is just in the verticals and advertising reps in the U.K. and a bunch of other ones. But the key numbers, which we talked about is about 180 or so in the field we know, which is up pretty nicely compared to when we closed the deal. And then sort of 335 in total. And again, I think -- we've been talking about this for the past 3 or 4 quarters. I think the total number is, plus or minus, in sort of the range that we'll be in, but it's just more and more, getting more in the field is obviously an important factor.
Brian J. Radecki: And just to add on to Andy's short remark. And I keep saying this, and I think I'm going to keep beating this drum. This isn't a -- I mean, someone said to me that we had a "blowout" quarter. It clearly was the best financial quarter we've ever had and sales quarter. I mean, obviously, you can't expect that every quarter. Q3 is typically sort of slower in the summer months. But I think year-over-year, I expect progress. I'm not sure I would expect every quarter to have the same quarter-over-quarter results. The other thing though is that, what we've been saying this is a massive opportunity. This isn't something that we're just going to sell into this quarter, next quarter or next year. We're going to be selling into this for the next 5 years, possibly 10 years. I mean, I truly, truly believe that it's hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars, and it comes in over time. It just -- you can't get to everybody fast enough. You can't demo everybody fast enough. And obviously, we continue to do all the things. Increasing the size of the field sales force and automated tools, everything else that Andy said. But people should look at this as a long-term thing. They shouldn't be looking at it as a short-term thing. I think year-over-year, we will grow the numbers. Again, I wouldn't expect massive every quarter.
Brian J. Radecki: Yes, 225 is aggressive. I think our original goal is to get up to 200. So if we can get above that, that would be great. And obviously, there'd be a lot of new people and a lot of training. So I mean, I think the productivity of them, you will start to see it as you move into next year. I think that will help continue to grow. And as Andy said, we start to look at the different client verticals. And it's not just with the sales force. It's with the product releases that Andy talked about. This is where -- you look at all these verticals where we're less than 10% penetrated, which we've got great clients and great prospects. This is where, over again, not -- this isn't just about 1 quarter. This isn't just about next quarter. It's not just about next year. It's where, over the next 5 to 10 years, I think we can continue to penetrate and go from single-digit to double-digit penetration levels because now we're focused with the sales force, now we're focused with the marketing plans, now we're focused with the services and the software that meets the needs of those various client verticals we've been talking about. So I think these are things that we're doing are not short-term. They're for long-term. And I think everybody sees the potential that we have.
Brian J. Radecki: And hopefully, people got the thread which we've had in the last few calls. And Andy talked about it now is that, we're operating and hitting on all cylinders, while we're still investing in the business, while we're able to grow the margins. And this is a long-term business model. This is where you drop in $0.70, $0.80 from the top line to the bottom line, where we can still invest in multi-family retail, software development and all the different areas that Andy talked about. We still invest in Toronto. So I think we're able to, as a larger company than we were a few years ago or 5 years, 10 years ago, we were able to balance investments and still growing both top and bottom line. And we're laying out a lot of investments that, I think, over 2014, 2015, will continue to allow us to grow in the mid-teens for 5, 10-plus years.
Brian J. Radecki: What I usually do when I look in through my crystal ball is, I don't project blowout quarters, and I don't take all the most aggressive assumptions. I mean, I think people have been watching us for years. But I do challenge the assumptions. So I mean, I think that I look at where we are at today with those conversion numbers and where we are with the sales force, and I try to come up with sort of realistic goals to get to. And then, as always, we like to do better than that. I don't think it's a secret that Andy and I are both pretty aggressive guys. We like to do better than what we put out there. But we do put out some pretty aggressive goals. When I put out the $500 million run rate over 1.5 years ago -- which is still 1.5 years away, so it was sort of a 3-year goal -- I had a lot of people telling me, "No way." And now, I have people telling me like, "Okay, that's done." Which is not done. We still got another 1.5 years ago. What's the next thing? So I think that We try to put out reasonable goals. And Andy and I always strive to do better than them.
Brian J. Radecki: I think there will be a difference for quite some time and, probably, forever. I do think they may get closer. And the reason why is because, essentially, what this is, is -- one of the big differences is you're converting out the LoopNet client base. I don't actually expect that the LoopNet client base will ever get to the CoStar 90-plus percent on annual contracts. I mean, I think there's always going to be a bigger piece of their client base that stays on something less. And that's the big difference in the 2 numbers. So I don't think they'll ever become exactly the same. There'll be a difference. And I do think it will continue to close, but then I think it will stay like that. I think the subscription one is obviously what the majority of the business is driven on. So what that sort of shows is that you're driving the business sort of -- at sort of higher rates. I think that implies a positive momentum moving forward, is the way I'd describe it.
