Andrew C. Florance: 2018 exiting. Great. Part of our new cost saving initiatives, Rich, would you put another quarter in the phone? Yeah, we are ready to open up for questions.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. So, simply put, what happened was we are taking the 2016 spend on marketing around the Apartment space down $20 million over the comparative numbers from 2015. The cost savings you saw in the quarter – in the fourth quarter were largely elimination of redundant positions, and that's probably, the single biggest beginning, middle and end of it.
Andrew C. Florance: So we think that's something that you'll see that the reduction in marketing spend, though, remember, at a reduced number, we are still the most aggressive player by a wide margin, and as you can tell like Super Bowl ads and so on and so forth. And we think that will give us significant advantage. And we think the marketing dollars at the lower level we are spending are highly efficient because if you're not competing with multiple other voices attempting to brand a similar product in the national space, you have very efficient dollars – there's very efficient dollars you're spending. So, in the fourth quarter, remember one of the things that was occurring. So, you asked about the Finder discontinuation of revenue, that number was $10 million, $13 million, something like that.
Andrew C. Florance: $10 million, $13 million net. These were revenues – this was revenue that just in the long term would distract us from other higher margin revenue. So, it was negative or a flat margin revenue that couldn't scale and we thought it was frankly competitive and distracting, so we took that away to focus on the Core. So, you'll get a little bit of tailwind on that. Now, remember – a little headwind on that. But just year-over-year basis. Now, remember that we went in to Apartment Finder really aggressively. So, we were not messing around and other companies have done print to digital conversions in the course of two or three years. We did a – I'm sorry. A print to digital. We did a print to digital in four months. So, we want to be really quick about it. And we took 100 and some Apartment Finder sales people and said, go to your customers and migrate them from a print publication to a digital publication, keep the pricing the same, but go from a month-to-month contract to a six-month contract or a one-year contract and do it by next Tuesday. So, it was very rapid. But we did that because of the margin benefit and the ability to focus aggressively and produce a much better product at the end and have a scaled sales force and get scale advantage to these websites. One point of sales, multiple websites for the clients to enjoy leads from. So in doing that, we did have some folks not go from print publications to digital. In particular, you might be in Albany, New York or something, where they love their newsstand book. But we still turned the great results we did despite that, and going forward we're in a much better place than if we kept messing around with print. I hope that answered the question.
Andrew C. Florance: Roughly $34 million. Is that it was a relatively low-quality product for LoopNet historically, and it was a throwaway. So, they signed up a number of people at as little as $19 a month, which bears no resemblance to what CoStar charges for a higher quality information product. As the LoopNet brand has strengthened, the information has gotten better in LoopNet and they're getting a lot more value than they're paying for. Now, you can't increase anybody from $17 to anything meaningful at any kind of other than usurious interest rate kind of growth rate. So, it's not a great approach. So, we are creating a new product, so we will – those folks who have Premium Searcher can see both basic and premium listings on LoopNet. Once we do the conversion, the only people that are going to be able to originate basic listings on LoopNet will be people who are paying to advertise with us, at least some property. That means some of the basic listings will disappear reducing the value of the legacy product, somewhat. And we are offering the up sell product, which has twice the listing volume and more accurate listings as the legacy LoopNet product. We'll be offering that for probably in the $195 to $295 a month per person price range. The current legacy product, it was running at $115 average per month. Now, that average is very average because as you know, we took the price up to about $325 or something a month, about a year or so ago, so that $115 is a blend of the $17 person and the $325 person.
Andrew C. Florance: And also, it's not apples to apples. It's comparing yens to pounds because a user at CoStar Group has an enterprise license where all the brokers of the site need to be licensed before the first broker gets the service. On the legacy LoopNet, one broker in a 100-shop brokerage firm might be the guy who bought the password and shares it with the entire office. So that $34-a-month account might be servicing 100 brokers. So, as we bring the new products on board, it will only be licensed at the enterprise site level, and it will be moving up to a higher price point. So, it'll be significant up from where we are before. So, it's probably a – if someone chooses to get the more robust intermediate information products through the LoopNet platform, on average, it will likely be a 300% price increase or so. And we think it will be compelling to people because we'll use exactly the same methodology LoopNet used to get people from just using the free LoopNet to the Premium Searcher LoopNet where every search you do, you can actually see how much content you're not seeing if you're not in the premium class. And then the CoStar service is probably another 60% increase above the intermediate service. So, we'll move people between these different price points with very clear and very discernible value proposition. So, I'm very excited about it. There's a lot of software work to do this year, but clearly our team is pretty darn good at doing that. And we're – they'll hit this one as aggressive as they hit Apartments.com, and as aggressive as they hit Apartment Finder. And then I'm really excited about what we're going to deliver to our CoStar sales force. And then ultimately by coming up with a clear branding message around LoopNet that it's a marketing vehicle like Apartments.com is, we will ultimately, I believe, sell a lot more marketing revenue as well. And you didn't ask, but there, that's also another pricing opportunity because our average broker-client pays $17 per month for an ad on LoopNet. Whereas when we sell to owners they pay on average $400 or $500 and we're going to be moving more towards that, so.
Andrew C. Florance: Yeah. Good question. They are – we are prioritizing the branding spend around Apartments.com. So we put all the major media dollars into Apartments.com. And then – but we can leverage that investment, Apartments.com, to Apartment Finder or to Apartment Home Living in that, as someone is acquired by Apartments.com, we cookie them. And when they search for – this is an example – they search for a pet friendly, one bedroom in Cleveland Park in D.C., we know that. And then we retarget them, we spend digital dollars retargeting them, saying that Apartment Finder is the ideal site to find a dog friendly apartment in Cleveland Park. And that's very successful. We capture a lot of traffic by – and what we're trying to do there, is a typical renter goes to two, three, four sites, and we would like to be half the sites they go to by moving them around through retargeting and so on and so forth. And then, the product is being sold – we are not, when we go out there today, we're not selling Apartments.com and we're not selling exposure on Apartment Finder, we're selling exposure on the Apartment Network. And that allows us to leverage the entire sales force across one clean selling message. It's much more efficient. Otherwise, you'd have to have two competing sales forces. The clients don't want that. The clients really like being able to pay one price and move across a whole network of websites. And the nice thing is, there was not a ton of redundant client base between Finder and Apartments.com. So, what we did is we really just increased share and then we're trying to move the overall forward.
Andrew C. Florance: So, I think – I do think that it is the best single indicator of future revenue and expectations. You do have a lot happening. So, you have the Finder conversion really coming to a head in the fourth quarter, where we did record reductions. We had the shutdowns of revenue. So, that moving Finder through in essence in a three-month period creates a little bit of noise. And then I think that we're not looking to be overly aggressive as we go into 2016. We would like to see us continue to put up these unusually strong sales results ongoing. And not – don't want to speak on behalf of Scott but coming in to the new CFO role you wouldn't amp up all the dials from the prior year with your over four weeks of high confidence.
Andrew C. Florance: No. And I believe our apartment renewal rates are doing really well. I think we're going to do a lot better in the apartment renewal rates than anyone in our industry has ever done. And anecdotally, there was one client that you would – we're bringing a lot to the table for the clients right now and so we have a much stronger hand or much stronger product than anyone has had in this space before. And there's one client that sticks in my mind that we saw a reduction in their spend, it was a major national player. Was the only major national player I was aware that we saw a reduction in their spend in the later part of the year, but they've actually brought that right back up online and above. So, I actually think our renewal rate in the Apartment side is pretty darn good. We'll be working hard to keep it up there, and I think it probably ends up being stronger than the LoopNet renewal rate. It's somewhere between the LoopNet and CoStar, and that makes that net bookings number actually a good fair representation of what's happening in the business. But don't- they're so – when you discontinue all that Finder Social on the fourth quarter, you take negative net news for terminating a book ad campaign in Albany. There's a little bit of noise there, but the big – and it's happening so quickly. I mean, remember, this is all accelerated in the last three quarters. But I'd say it's still the best indicator.
Andrew C. Florance: So, well, one really nice thing about the sales conference was that I felt that there was really good energy and integration between the CoStar sales team, the Apartments.com sales team and the Apartment Finder sales team. So, this was the first time they all got an opportunity to get to the same room. And it was the first time that they had one relatively common set of products and it was also the first time that they had a really good – I think a really good territory system they get a hold of. So they could understand what their mission was in this collection of products. So, I felt there was really good energy. I thought there was a little bit of a morphing of the personalities as they, three different sales forces into a more corporate central casting, send me a high-end sales person look. I mean they were really dressed up. But the expansion areas would be we're adding customer relationship management people that the CoStar information sales team, about 80 people there. They have some selling responsibilities, but their core responsibility is driving usage. They're selling responsibility is really more around LoopNet to brokers. So, they'll sustain and drive the LoopNet PL. Then the other thing we did is Max and I spent a lot of time just saying very carefully about our rationales of potential revenue – existing revenue and just set slightly different target levels in different cities, especially cities that we think have a lot more revenue upside. So, it was a really good feel other than a blizzard that came in, and potentially was going to strand 700 sales people on my credit card for three days in Washington. So we had to get them out of there quickly ahead of the storm, and we only had to pick up the tab for about 30 Brits for the weekend, so, it turned out okay.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. So, again, there's not a – there is no sort of third party lead monitoring service that puts out a – a metric that we can use. But I can take an anecdotal from our biggest customers where they are watching that lead flow and they're saying that one customer, one major customer said, look, you all came in in March of last year saying you're going to have this great traffic and great lead flow and you want us to immediately switch all our advertising to you after we have been doing this for 30 years. And so, we're not going to do that until we've watched results for a period of time. And they said that, they said, and it's consistent with what others are saying, that as they monitor it, they see a clear and growing differentiation between the leads they received from us and lead is a dirty word. Is what you're really looking for is lease. And so, the leases they're seeing come from us is differentiated from all the other sources. Which is why they're spending, as you can see, from any – just pretty clear there's a major shift from other sources to us, that is the best testament of lead quality. But we did an interesting study the other day and you'd go back to the old manual way of trying to lease out your apartment building. We know from digitally tracking the results of over 10 million phone calls into apartment communities in 2015, they only answer the telephone during normal business hours 27% of the time. So, they're only available to give somebody information on apartment 27% of the time and then working on a special project that we made 1,500 calls, that were all recorded legally, and that a separate person and each community was called and asked for a one bedroom availability by two different people. Each call was recorded, and then a third party determined whether or not an accurate answer was given on whether or not there's availability. The accuracy rate for when you call an apartment community and whether or not they have a one bedroom availability is 50%. So, when you call and ask the community if they have a one bedroom available, they're only able to give the right answer 50% of the time. So, you're down to, for every 100 calls that come in only 13.5 of them are answered correctly. So, the only way the industry's going to lease stuff up is through digital presentation right from the property management systems to the customer. So, what we're doing is we're giving consumers real information as to what's available. We're making it readily accessible. We're not playing any games where we serve up apartments that aren't in the neighborhoods they asked for. We're not playing any games where we serve up apartments that are not available. So, the quality of our lead flow would follow is much better. And I think that's just is evidence. My belief is that the competing companies are seeing significant reductions in revenue other than whatever they could pick up in the print to digital conversion volatility. I think they're seeing negative numbers and that basically follows from a lead flow.
Andrew C. Florance: Sure. So, I would, I'd have to say there's more potential initiatives that we could pursue than I've ever seen before. There's a wide array, and they lie in our traditional business area, in the Core business area. They also are in the Apartments area. And then they're in related areas. We also separately are looking at smaller acquisition opportunities in Europe. But – so, we obviously – with growing cash balances and very conservative debt posture we have capacity. But I would not want to let anything right now interfere with our core priority of integrating LoopNet and CoStar. So, whatever happens, the first priority is getting the benefit integration done. And so, we're probably operationally adverse to adding additional workload for at least six months. But we – Frank Carchedi who's been with us for a long, long time, he's one of four CFOs that hang around here, former CFOs that hang around here, he has handed off his responsibilities for our very large research department and he's focusing on some of our subsidiaries and he's focusing on M&A. So, he's spending a lot more time on that. We are looking at a lot of things. But again, priority number one is operations and realizing the benefit of the resources and assets we already have.
Andrew C. Florance: Thank you. So, what the heck? We're going to break the rules. We have one more question from Sara and then we're going to move to the second quarter results.
Scott Wheeler: Yeah. I think it's an important message to bring up because as we move forward into this year, as we're selling this network through the sales force, there's not going to be a visible separation between Apartment Finder and Apartments.com from a revenue growth perspective. So, when I gave the guidance of look for 20% to 25% combined growth going forward, that's all of our apartments, properties together in this network cell. And it is exactly at or slightly above the growth rates on an organic basis we're seeing coming out of the end of 2015.
Scott Wheeler: Yeah. That's right. That's assuming that. And the number I gave, I think, was $735 million as the pro forma base that we grow off of in total, it includes that 20% to 25% Apartment.
Scott Wheeler: It's a good question. I think as you think of – the net new is still the metric we'll be using in the annual subscriptions to show how that turns obviously into revenue in the future. The other thing we all have to get used to is now that we've got a really big multi-family Apartments business, it demonstrates a different seasonal pattern in its new and subscription revenue from quarter-to-quarter. Obviously, there's a peak season in the second and the third quarter for renting and then that cools off. That pattern is going to hold true for the sales efforts. It's also going to hold true for our marketing efforts. So, from what we've been used to in the past, we're going to see a more seasonal pattern that's decent in the first quarter, it grows second quarter, third quarter and then it softens in the fourth quarter when you look at apartment selling. So, when you peel all those pieces apart and we look sequentially and forward, each of the individual components, seasonality aside, continues to grow and will continue to grow in each quarter next year over the prior quarter. I know it's difficult to see because until we get annual periods of all this stuff in place, it's not as clear. But that's what we're seeing in the underlying metrics in the new business that we're putting on and then that's translating into consistent sequential growth going forward.
Scott Wheeler: We'll also see the territories were aligned closely now in Apartments, and we have a couple extra regions we've done and a couple hundred territories that we've now aligned with the combined sales force. You're going to expect those number of territories will need to put more folks against. And so, that's the other piece besides the customer relationship piece that Andy mentioned. We'll see more sales force in multi-family going out to those territories.
