Scott Wheeler: Yes. Hi, George. This is Scott. When you look at what we’re investing in, I listed a number of things, the expansion of our sales force, improvements in research, to continue expanding a little bit internationally, all those things are intended to go after these revenue growth targets that we have and also increase the revenue pace as we go forward. So what we’d rather do now is we go forward, unlike 2017 where we made significant investments and didn’t grow our margins. As we go forward, we want to keep pacing in these smaller investments as we go and keep raising the margins, like we’re doing now, the 350 basis points. So we balance the investing we need to fuel growth in the future with the margin improvements that we need to make to bolster our commitments and to give the returns that we committed to. So I don’t think I would call them temporary. The litigation cost we had in Xceligent, obviously, were temporary and we’ll see those moderate as we go through the year. But the rest of these things are worthwhile investments for the business.
Scott Wheeler: Definitely in the first part of the quarter, we had a good, at least, $5 million of those types of things.
Scott Wheeler: So when you look at the progression, we expect -- as we commented on it, as our marketing ramps up into the second quarter, margins seasonally go down and then they pick up into the third and then go up higher in the fourth. We’ve seen that same pattern in the last couple of years and our spend is concentrated around the TV and the broadcast for the apartments marketing in the summer months. So we really don’t see that kind of pressure coming into the fourth quarter, unless something unusual happen. Like this year, with the bankruptcy of Xceligent, we went around and spent quickly and mobilized. That put in a few amount of dollars. There’s not enough time there to spend than the whole lot. So we don’t see a whole lot of.
Scott Wheeler: That’s right. So we feel pretty confident with where we’re pacing the marketing spend. And we don’t think it will cause any issue, as we go towards the margin at the end of the year.
Andy Florance: For things like integration of ForRent are temporary or the roadshows are temporary or the unusually high commission costs are temporary or the $0.5 million of chocolate baskets for Xceligent customers are temporary. High budgets are temporary. There’s a lot of temporary stuff in there that is spent in the first half.
Andy Florance: A man with the kids is impressed when I said I bought $05 million of chocolate over the weekend. I won’t do that ever again.
Andy Florance: I’ll take a rough shot there. We aren’t describing -- we’re not reporting it at that level. However, I can give you a feel for it. I did a simple chart the other day of investments being big read, negative bar charts and then 4-wall profit being green. And basically, we went through -- in 2015 and 2016 -- 2015, we went through a very significant year of investment as we ramped up the nationwide brand advertising. Sales kicked up in 2016. Those investments basically dropped. Net investment dropped in half, as revenues offset. And we were -- I was very pleased in 2017 to see clear-cut strong 4- wall profitability in Apartments.com. And then after we get through all the noise and friction of closing a major acquisition, and even without it, then you move into even stronger margin growth. So I think the margins we’re seeing now, the contribution we’re seeing from Apartments.com is very successful and, certainly, dramatically more margin than we ever saw from the individual acquired company. So really good results of, I think, people that we’re very happy with.
Andy Florance: Sure. Yes, so you’re right. It’s again just like the last time, we really pushed this a couple of years ago. The majority of the folks choosing to subscribe go from heavy searching in LoopNet to subscribing to CoStar to get better information product. There are folks paying absolutely nothing to LoopNet currently. So most of them are paying nothing. Those who are paying are $149. The blended rate is $49. We’re picking them up at about $520, $540 net, as they go into CoStar. So fantastic, 10 times sort of uplift. To answer your question, we gained the low-hanging fruit first, absolutely not. I sat there -- I’ve been in 20 or 30 cities in the last month and sat in a lot of focus groups watching people talk. And this is pretty straightforward to us. But as people sort out the differences between the different products and LoopNet as a marketing platform, CoStar as an information platform, it takes a little bit of time. Still, the number one competition of CoStar is these folks using the -- being heavy searchers in LoopNet or formerly using Premium Searcher. With the changes in integrated back-end, when these people go into LoopNet product today, they’re now seeing all the CoStar icon showing listings that they can’t see using their LoopNet account, and it’s a very compelling. And it will take a little bit of time. People aren’t going to immediately commit to a one-year, two-year, three-year CoStar contract. They’ve got actually sort out. Sales people got to have to meet with them. Honestly, we have a bigger opportunity than we have in a number of salespeople. We mitigate that. We’re shifting our resource around. But it’s something that takes time. And there isn’t something -- there’s still very significant system flow of folks who, we think, will continuously come in and upgrade to CoStar. February will be -- we are eliminating some of the center pricing we had in December, January. We’re being more rigorous in our pricing controls. But big picture, we anticipate it will flow throughout the year and into 2019, and it’s a very compelling proposition -- value proposition to folks. But it just isn’t something that would turn a switch and people will jump over. It takes time.
Andy Florance: Okay. So I think the number of subscribers is close to 32,000 because you have to look at folks who were getting Premium Lister with a subscriber element or unlimited listers. So the numbers is not -- I think it’s higher than 17,000. It’s closer to 32,000. And then you had another 50,000, 60,000 that we classify as heavy searchers on LoopNet. The reason you would accelerate -- like, so you’re -- originally, we had contemplated rolling out that Premium Searcher over a 12-, 18-month time frame just to continue the rolling time period. When you look at the folks who are using Xceligent as an information system, a very, very large number who were supplementing adequacies of Xceligent system by using LoopNet, so it’s actually one and the same thing. And the changes that occurred at Xceligent, you’re working against yourself when you are providing a Premium Searcher product to someone that you’re trying to convert into CoStar. So you’re probably -- you’re providing a low-cost, low-value product to them to prevent them from making a decision to go over to CoStar. And you plan to eliminate it anyhow and you communicated to them, prior to the Xceligent bankruptcy, you’re going to eliminate it anyhow. And also I think we have to work to a slightly higher standard now on how we treat all our customers given our increased competitive position. So we didn’t want to be in any situation where we are picking and choosing which markets or which people we eliminate Premium Searcher on and have any image that we were handpicking discontinued Xceligent clients to discontinue their Premium Searcher. So we went ahead and just did across-the-board and including, in some cases, making the right choice, but difficult choice to eliminate Premium Searcher with a person who was also subscribing to CoStar currently, so it’s just good customer service. But they’re related. They’re directly related. It’s one and the same decision-making process. And by doing this, we facilitate a faster, good result across the overall, though you take a -- it requires a little bit of extra character in the first half of the year.
Andy Florance: Yes, it changed a little bit. So it’s a -- we initially were focusing on, as you said, the $200, $400. We’re not getting a lot of pickup in the $200. People are -- if they know what -- if they don’t know what they’re doing, some of them accidentally buy the $200. But this is what they do for a living. This is their trade. This is their Bloomberg terminal. And the $400 solution is incredibly powerful and gives them an amazing information solution with tons of revenue-generating opportunities. The $200 is adequate and meets everything that LoopNet Premium Searcher was doing and a lot more. So I think it’s probably 19 of the $400 to one of the $200. And that’s just what people are opting for it. And I think it’s actually shifting even further. So I think it will be like sub 5%, sub-3% of the lower cost solution at the customers’ behest. So -- and again, the focus groups is just amazing how they’re all just trying to figure out what’s going on. You’ve got Xceligent. You’ve got these board systems. You’ve got LoopNet Premium Searcher, Premium Lister. You’ve got CoStar. And you would think it was pretty easy for them to sort it out. There’s a lot of confusion out there. And what we’re doing is we’re really simplifying that decision-making process for them. And it will take years, so -- to sort of really simplify this and get them migrated into the right products. But we’re highly confident that a very substantial portion of these folks will ultimately be using CoStar for information and LoopNet for marketing. One of the things I don’t think we spend a lot of time on the call that did come out loud and clear in this most recent rounds of focus groups is one of the beautiful things here is LoopNet remains viewed by our customers as an essential utility to marketing their listing to end-users. CoStar is viewed as an essential utility for -- a very valuable utility for information solution. So as we’re doing this, the marketing side of LoopNet, to me, has never looked stronger. The information side in CoStar has never looked stronger. And there’s a whole bunch of painful confusion in the middle there in those information products, and it’s going to take years to sort it out.
Andy Florance: Bill, what sort -- Just remind me again, when you talk about issues, what sort of things come to mind.
Andy Florance: That’s a good question, Bill. So we -- we have grown the sales force over time and improve, globally reorganize it from time to time, as we have an unbelievable amount of opportunity to reach new customers on both the CoStar side and the Apartment side. In the Apartment side, one of the big drivers there is that people with smaller and smaller communities are spending money advertising on Apartments.com network. So we get to all of our customers or 95% of our customers every quarter for service, but we only get to 10%, 15% of the prospects every quarter. And we want to get to all of them every quarter. And one of our goals is to try to get to everyone with 50 units or up during the course of the quarter. Having a larger sales force helps us do that. The -- without a doubt, there are -- in any acquisition, there’s always cultural issues. Someone has been in a pattern doing something within a company for 15 years and there’s a big change like a merger with another company. People make decisions about what they want to do, and that’s healthy and that’s good. Some significant number will find the opportunity with Apartments.com really exciting. They’ll -- we think being on the clear-cut winning team is exciting. There’ll be, without a doubt, more earnings potential for them with the Apartments.com network. And some people may have been -- alternately, some folks will decide that the last 20 years at ForRent had been great and they’re going to do something else or hang it up now. They’re both fine. And we do anticipate and have planned for some number of people to decide to do something different. So that number will come down a little bit during the year. Eventually, we’ll rebuild it at a slow pace. But net-net, you’re going to end up with a great infusion of talented people that decide to make this their long-term hold -- home. And it won’t be the whole number that you start with, but it will be a good number. And they’ll also bring a lot of knowledge and culture and is valuable to us to rev up on everybody. So we’re sort of co-pathetic with -- change drives decisions in people’s career. And either way, we’re really glad to have the opportunity. So I don’t want. I hope -- I don’t to be too mellow about it, but that’s what I think.1
Andy Florance: 31 days, six hours and two minutes. Why do you ask? We -- there’s a lot out there, as you know, right? So we’re -- this is a pretty big one and we have to be reminded, right after closing ForRent, we were -- we’re spending a lot of time and effort continuing to look at all kinds of opportunities out there. There is a broad field. There’s a lot going on. I do think we’ll spend a little bit of time just focusing on ForRent and making sure we do that right. You have to respect -- when you close one of the largest acquisitions by revenue and headcount, you have to respect that and make sure you do it right and not get too confident. But no sure just stuff and -- so part of the bigger problem is selecting among an embarrassment of riches of opportunities to pursue. We are selective. We’re selective on valuation, so we won’t rush. But again, if you are betting against CoStar continuing to do acquisitions, you wouldn’t be a very good better.
Andy Florance: I think it’s a thing that changes, and research is a -- as a percentage of revenue, it’s a pretty modest event -- investment. And it is a huge competitive advantage in the market. It’s the one thing that people continuously underestimate when they try to compete with us. As Xceligent failed, they joined a long list of folks who have invested well over $1 billion in competition with us, and haven’t gone anywhere. The number one reason is they just don’t invest in doing the research. So it’s been a long-term competitive advantage. But things are changing pretty rapidly. We have so many people in our network now that a lot -- the things are changing. A lot of people have a long-term relationship and doesn’t want to enter the data electronically, and they do it well. We are conservative about it. We don’t release this new ability to edit your listings in CoStar and then, overnight, make dramatic changes to our research process. We are studying it, discussing it. The focus groups were helpful in understanding that. And only when we know we’re not going to harm product quality, we make decisions to actually shift resources. There’s continuously new demands for different kinds of research. But my general sense is that, as the year moves on, we’re going to find that some significant portion of our traditional workload becomes automated. And that will allow us to keep the same headcount over time and not really grow headcount, so we can staff new initiatives without adding people, but that is sort of in the gut feeling category done from an extremely conservative operational point of view.
Andy Florance: Well, thank you very much for joining us on the call. And we look forward to updating you on our progress towards our 40% adjusted EBITDA margin goal in the Q4 of 2018, as we promised you in April of 2014.
