Andrew Florance: He knows how to use Google very effectively for this question. I’m not sure what – good job, Sterling.
Andrew Florance: And I would want to deflate the question a little bit, by pointing out that 100%, the core business of CoStar Group is solidly on target for that goal. And should there be a clear opportunity to invest in what would be a significantly different business, we’ll communicate that at the point that we are doing that. But the fundamental business is definitely on track for those goals. And it’s performing really well. So it’s probably a little bit hyperbolic. I don’t know what that means, but it sounded good.
Andrew Florance: Sure. So a couple of core issues. One is, I mean, so you’re correct to point out that the economy is great. The product is performing really well. The product looks really good. The traffic is fantastic. The marketing is well received. We are limited by how fast we can scale that sales-force. And as you listen to the earnings call, you hear we’re adding salespeople in this bucket and that bucket, and we’re clearly hiring a lot of sales people. And that’s great news, because we have opportunity for them. Our primary focus is on those upper end ads. We don’t want to just keep on selling the low-end ads forever. And we would like to within the next year, come up with a more optimal way to sell those entry-level ads where we don’t charge the same price for all properties in all geographies. And we’d rather shift to a more demand-based pricing algorithm on those on the Silver Ads. So we are holding off driving a lot of activity in there until we can do that. There are some areas where we want to reduce our prices on Silver Ads, and many others where we want to significantly increase our prices on Silver Ads. So if you look at Apartments.com, the average Silver Ad is probably 8 times the average LoopNet Silver Ad. And we want to basically move towards a way of rebalancing that while reducing the prices on some, and then increasing on some other areas, where people wouldn’t notice that even happened. So it’s more of an evolving dynamic. But the fundamental marketplace is super strong, and we’re hitting the things we’re trying to hit with that right now.
Andrew Florance: I think the quarter you mentioned, all cylinders were cranking. So you had a great quarter for Apartments, LoopNet. Apartments, LoopNet and CoStar, we also have other contributors now like Homesnap and Realla, Belbex, BizBuySell, CoStar Real Estate Manager, Thomas Daily, Land, are all cranking. Say, you have a lot of different things happening here. I think there is – you are in an organizational flux or trying to get past us a return to work or return to normalcy. There is a lot of adjustments going on. And we’re getting back into a growth mode, and you want to have all your sales-forces lined up, and you want to get your price per lead numbers, right. But I think that could happen, in the next 2 quarters. We have a lot of good things going on, and all the products are really solid. So I think it’s just a question more of transition and friction in this environment right now.
Andrew Florance: You’re right about not wanting to show our hand. So thank you for the opportunity. But you know what we’re offering is really quite simple, really brutally simple, which is 90% of the real estate transactions in the United States; a buyer collaborates with an agent. And if you look at our website right now, Homes.com, it’s all of a month old, so it’s not going to be a masterpiece. But if you look at that website, it’s got something really unique. It’s the only website that I’m aware of the United States where you can actually look at a property for sale and see – clearly see the name and phone number, the agent, push a button and contact them. So, that puts a million real estate agents on our site. And those million real estate agents are involved in 90% of all transactions and communicate regularly with our clients. So we’re excited about that opportunity. We love the fact that it’s so simple, most people can’t understand it. And we’re not afraid to work, if we think there’s a fantastic ROI that have a fantastic return for our shareholders. We’re not afraid to invest in it, but we are – right now, we’re working on the software, and the fundamental structures, which are not wildly expensive. And as I mentioned, 4 weeks of work and the lead flows up 70%. So that’s the first stare of many, but I think that as it evolves, and we can talk more with analysts, investors about the progress we’re making and the vision we have for it, I think that people will support our initiatives. But it’s still, we don’t have some secret magical plan that we’re laying out for 2022 or 2023, right now, we’re dealing with orders of magnitude, we’re more focused on software and strategy right now.
Andrew Florance: Well, that’s an excellent question, George. I think that’s the question. The lead per ad at the lowest level was unimaginable. If I had told someone 4 years ago or 5 years ago, the number of leads the site is generating at the lowest ad level, it would have been implausible, no one could have believed that. So we are helping some very large properties generate a lot of revenue for very little money. And what we’ve done is worked with the leadership team at Apartments.com, and we are rolling out a new pricing strategy. And we’re also adjusting the lead flow, the nature of the product and how it throws lead to meter them more effectively to the upper end ads. And we’re also doing more strata in the price and structure between the 80 unit property, the 100 unit property, the 200 unit property, the 300 unit property more appropriately reflect the value of one of these super high lead generating ads. So it’s pretty easy to go after and it will take, we’re not – it will be something that rolls out in the course of 12 months, and it begins rolling out as early as next month, so you’ll see an advantage there. But this is fundamentally really good news, I mean, this is – there’s 2 kinds of things you could have, problems you could have, one is you don’t have the traffic, don’t have the leads; and the other issue of way too many leads, and clearly our competitive position has gotten very strong recently. And it’s been getting stronger and stronger, but it’s gotten really strong over the last couple of quarters. So we will throw more power to the dynamo will take more friction off the engine and throw more power to the wheels, the next couple of quarters and you’ll see us return to those growth rates as we go into 2020 and it’s sustainable for a long time.
Andrew Florance: So, I actually don’t think the high-end slows for many, many, many, many years, if not decades. We still are 50% penetrated the high end, and we have many products and services we can provide, if you see us getting into more, more actively facilitating the actual leases. If you look at a price per lead that at the lower end was as little as $2 to $3, or if you were to say 1 to 7 ratio lead the lease, $14 per lease. I would not say that we’re within decades of maxing out the value of those leads. And those leads as we can bring to the table where as many as hiring communities are paying a month rent or 2 weeks rent, or $300 or $500 per lease, and we’re charging $14 to $15 per lease. So we’re not going to max out the high end, but it’s really exciting, what’s available in the middle and lower end, we’re successfully selling a lot of properties at the 5 unit level, the 4 unit level, the 20 unit level, the 50 unit level, and we’re in single-digit growth or single-digit penetration all those areas. So it’s a question of continuing to grow the salesforce to go after that opportunity, but then also to build out our e-com capabilities to capture without having to have manual intervention. So it’s a great place to be, and we – and the demand side came out as harder than we ever would have anticipated in the last 2 quarters. But that’s good news. It does have to change the model a little bit. So I think you’ve got a decade plus of good solid 20% growth.
Andrew Florance: Okay. So when are we going to begin normal price escalations on CoStar suite, wait for it now. Yeah, so we’re doing that now. You have to – there’s a notice period on these contracts so that you have a delay. But clearly the conditions are right for it right now with renewal rates moving in 94.5%, 5-year clients up over 97%. And all the functionality we’re putting into the product and all the functionality we’re going to put in the product over the next couple of years. We absolutely should be accelerating our pricing at least in line with inflation. And I think it’ll be 200 to 300 basis points above that number. And so, I’m not sure what Mr. Thomas has baked into the guidance, but I’ll let him handle that.
Andrew Florance: Yeah, we’re not increasing those 18,000 people’s prices. We’re offering them incredibly attractive terms to expand their purchasing with us.
Andrew Florance: Yeah, so the $30 million to $40 million, I think is some modeling that our VP of Sales has done, and it assumes the cancellation rate is just gone after that 18,000. It’s assuming an average price increase. So I wouldn’t have the act, the details of the model I’ve reviewed and seeing that model. In terms of how aggressive we would be with it, I would look at some of our prior efforts to move people onto a common platform. And in those prior efforts, we sell very aggressively for 12 to 18 months. And once we’ve had success in moving the majority of the revenue into the unified platform, then we typically sunset the prior platform, because at that point, you’re spending money. You’re spending money that really isn’t adding value anybody to maintain 2 separate platforms. So our goal is to focus on intensively for 12 to 18 months, and then streamline the product and have one version of the product. And that’s sort of somewhat similar to what a Bloomberg does? We’re not buying Bloomberg by geography and a bunch of different modules, you’re getting one terminal. As we go more international, we think it differentiates us against any sort of competitor and provides a very unique value proposition having one platform.
Andrew Florance: Yeah, so to be clear, the renewal rate on Apartments.com is the highest it’s ever been. It is extremely high. Scott will have the number. I think I threw it in there, I’m not sure. But I believe it is 1/10th of the cancellation rate on a monthly basis from where we started in 2015. So, the churn is down 90%. And during the pandemic, it wasn’t really an environment to jack prices aggressively. And so, you sort of came out of pandemic after the first quarter, and after vaccinations really got out there. And then, the markets lit on fire. So it’s a question of how fast you can respond to that. And we will respond very quickly. But I think that I don’t think it’s really just a one quarter of upsell, that doesn’t happen again. I think that, I believe that as people go into the churn, as people have to migrate back to where they were before to return to work, and as people churn, as these price increases continue to crank in these apartment buildings. And as eviction moratorium relieves, our customers are making good money and need more lead flow than ever. And I think there is plenty of opportunity to capture value next quarter, the following quarter, the quarter after that and ongoing from there. So it’s more of a, if you’re playing the game for the long haul, you don’t want to jack people’s prices during the pandemic. But we’re well positioned to capture that value now.
Andrew Florance: And the number one thing to focus on, if you’re looking at a business like this is that 47% year-over-year growth in unique visitors, that is basically your leading indicator of future revenue.
Andrew Florance: Thank you. So we appreciate you joining us for the second quarter call today. I hope you share our enthusiasm for the abundance of growth drivers in our business. As we’ve discussed, CoStar Suite in a strong rebound and growing record net sales. Apartments’ record traffic growth and lead flow puts us in a position to begin to share more of the value we’re creating for our customers. LoopNet is growing traffic, revenue and our primary goal of driving revenue signature ads is happening and happening well. Ten-X is really fantastic, gaining great traction. And Homesnap and Homes are well on their way in the process of transforming how agents, consumers buy and sell residential real estate. We didn’t have time to talk about Realla, Belbex, BizBuySell, CoStar Real Estate Manager, Thomas Daily, Land, they’re all doing fantastic as well. And I wish one day they’d give me 2 hours for the call. As we move to the second half of 2021, we’re working towards 2 important milestones. One is our goal of reaching $1 billion of annualized revenue run rate in our marketplaces by the end of the year. And the second is we’re going to run through our $2 billion revenue run rate overall. So some good milestones on our way to much larger numbers. But we’re clearly strong in our core business right now as evidenced by our amazing traffic growth, our amazing renewal rates. And we’re focused on building that core business, but also working to triple our addressable market opportunity through investments in residential and international expansion. So we look forward to meeting with you again for our third quarter call in October 26. And until then, stay safe. Thank you.
Scott Wheeler: Yeah, good to hear from you, Sterling. Question comes up frequently, with the investments, we just talked about, additional resources and some marketing, as we build this platform out, we are still online to hit our 2023 targets. And we still consider those the marching orders for the business. And so, we need to get through the integrations, watch the site improvements. Andy mentioned the traffic, via visitors, improvements in the site. A lot of these things are going to depend on what happened for the rest of the year in our integration program. And then, we’ll decide what next year’s plan look like relative to investment in residential versus our other platforms. So no change to our 2023 guidance. Right now, all our plan is for residential. We’ve just talked about. We can still make those numbers and intend to, based on what we have so far. And if that changes or new estimates come our way, we will let you know.
Scott Wheeler: And, Pete, if I can just add a couple of the numbers on top of that. The Lister revenue that you mentioned, Silver Ads is about 75% of the revenue for LoopNet. And it’s still growing, it’s growing at mid-single digits. And with Signature Ads growing 70%, we talked about that, mixes into that 18% growth rate for the second quarter. So it’s still growing. It’s just at a smaller level right now. It’s not the primary focus.
Scott Wheeler: And, David, when you look at where we are now, and the bookings, sales, like we said the CoStar/LoopNet sales-force produced the highest level for quite some time. So those are very strong and we talked about this. The multifamily piece, if multifamily sales go up to this and, say, the average we were doing in 2019, we would have had our best quarter ever in bookings. And the other thing that Andy mentioned, the Ten-X and Homesnap are 2 brand new businesses that we have. And they’re not accounted in the subscription metrics, because Ten-X is all transactional and Homesnap as a large piece of other we considered transactional at this stage, before we convert our residential offerings to subscription style businesses. So right now, we have about 91% of our revenue is subscription. And that typically had been up in the 95%, 96% plus range. So there is a growth element we have right now in our business, it’s coming from Ten-X and Homesnap that you’re not going to see in the bookings right now until we convert those to subscription. So you get a little lift out of that versus the numbers we talked about. But really it’s the price we talked about in multifamily that should return that to better sales numbers, and that would move us upward.
Scott Wheeler: And Ryan, when you look at the universal properties out there over 100, right now, they’re growing faster than we can add them to our portfolio just given the growth in the general universe that we watched. So actually, our presentation into the upper end has stayed at 50% or 51% for like 5 or 6 quarters despite our growth, just because of the growth in the universe of properties out there. So we’ve got a long ways to go just to penetrate the top one, let alone move up those penetrations in the lower one.
Scott Wheeler: And just the renewal rates 94% for the quarter on multifamily, which is the highest it’s ever been. And then to your point, you recall last year, we had the surge in the second quarter of sales in Apartments to these record levels given the pandemic. And so, that second quarter surge annualizes off in the second quarter this year. So you have a little bit of a cliff effect when you hit the third quarter, because all that weight of those sales goes away. And we haven’t repeated that same sales level in any quarter since then. So you’ll have some of that on annualizing before you then look at the upsells that weren’t as strong in the second quarter of this year. So it’s the difference in the growth rate in the second – in the third quarter it’s around $6 million to $7 million, which on an annualized basis is around difference in that sales level between Q2 this year and last year. So that’s mathematically how it all works.
Scott Wheeler: Yeah. And, of course, the whole platform is still adding more volume. New people are still coming on time from Apartments. And then fortunately, when you have these issues that we work through that we’ve got a great portfolio, where Ten-X and Homesnap, the rest of the business does remarkably well, we ended up holding, if not, increasing slightly our revenue guidance for the year on an aggregate basis, which is obviously what we want to do and continue to do.
