Andrew Florance: Well, pricing lift is remaining about the same as constant from Q1 to Q2 and expect the [indiscernible] of Q3 and Q4. We are building out some new marketing initiatives that we have been working on for a while that will be rolling out in Q3, Q4, which might provide some acceleration for the conversion pace. We also have been building software to enhance the -- in LoopNet product up sell experience. And so we expect to continue at a good clip. And as we said before, we think we will be converting at this sort of clip for a little bit better around this area for two years plus out from here. So -- and then even after we've converted a number of the folks who were formerly premium searchers are heavily searched for long rate time, LoopNet will remain a really important pipeline for up selling people to CoStar. So it's a great way to identify folks who need commercial real estate information and do a highly targeted marketing message to them. So it was a good performance and it will I think remain strong and steady for quite some time now. The one exception -- one thing that makes me think about though is, we're feeling really good about some of the product enhancements we've got coming on the marketing side of LoopNet. So we've been investing in making sure the sales force is comfort with [fluent in sound] [ph] and LoopNet marketing solutions across the whole CoStar Group. So there's been a little bit of shift to folks selling the LoopNet marketing solution and that necessitates a little bit less of a focus on doing the information conversions. But all in all we're very happy with the result.
Andrew Florance: Yes. So Brett on the components last quarter, we took a large reduction in the LoopNet info I think we talked a lot about that. This quarter there's only about a $1 million of negative drag for LoopNet info. The other transition item in this quarter as we do for rent integration that we're seeing somewhere around $4 million or so of cancellations that come through as we work through the customer base and move the clients over to the network contract. So the pace and the revenue conversion ForRent is happening as expected. But as you expect there's this couple of quarters where you're going to see the cancellations to really solidify all the revenue there. So that pulls the number down just a little bit more. But I think as you look at what we've done really on the CoStar side and we talked about the LoopNet conversions, there are still strong. The CoStar field team is really put in some great effort now selling more of the LoopNet product in fact 25% of their output is now selling LoopNet marketing and it used to be 10% a year ago. So you see a little bit of shifting over to that commercial property and land which we talked a little bit about. And then, on the pricing side, the value increases there on the contract basis, I don't think we have a real slowdown in the quarter to talk through on pricing. I think it's more of the focus on the service initiative, the LoopNet cross sells, and then continuing the pace following the large discounting that that impacts the sales in the first quarter or the second quarter. So hopefully that gives you some context on the different pieces.
Andrew Florance: Yes. Our net sales for the quarter came out ahead of what we expected. Obviously that's what allows us to raise our revenue guidance, it's in a few different buckets and what it may have been in the first quarter, but our sales are always volatile quarter-to-quarter. We're happy that we're in this mid 40s range this year, we're in the mid 30s range most of last year and we're happy with the momentum we have going forward.
Andrew Florance: Yes. So I absolutely still believe that number is a multi-hundred million dollar number. I consistently believe that to be the case. And as you know there will be two components sort of like that just looking at the number we have right now this quarter, relatively early on it's a pretty solid number for cross-selling. But you've got two really solid legs you're working here. One is the selling LoopNet to CoStar customers and the other is selling CoStar to LoopNet users or former customers. And they're both. I feel very optimistic about both. And it will naturally waiver up and down slightly, you will have some volatility from quarter-to-quarter, but it will be a real consistent message line for the next three years.
Andrew Florance: Yes. I mean just generally, one of the key areas is transformational product initiatives. We're going -- we're working on at Apartments.com. We look at the apartment industry not just -- it's not just a lead generation opportunity for the institutional great properties are over a hundred units. We think there's a really exciting opportunity for us and generally facilitating the leasing of apartments from the individual unit on up to the 400 unit property. I don't want to get too specific into some of the issues we're working on, but we are cranking on some product initiatives that we're pretty excited about and I think they'll probably -- they're going to require some investment and they are taking some investment now and there will be something that maturate over the course of 18 months or so. But when we are ready to bring this to market in the beginning of '18, we'll talk about them more explicitly. There are -- we continue to feel that there -- like ones or continue to feel there's an awful a lot of opportunity in the owner lenders segment of our industry. We've got some very exciting products we're working on to enhance CoStar to make it more useful for our many banking clients and try to win deeper penetration there. And we also believe that there is a significant global opportunity so we continue to invest into Spain and we'll be doing some investments into France where you know we already have a footprint. And the United Kingdom will probably begin cash flowing a little bit more, so they'll be priced for transfer investment into Germany. And so it's -- those are some of our bigger initiatives. Something I forgot Scott that we're thinking about.
Andrew Florance: So the LoopNet marketplace and you can see the numbers are really solid there. And you know that is becoming, I think that that has an opportunity, the LoopNet marketing commercials real estate on the internet, I believe is an opportunity on par with marketing apartments on the Internet. So we're going to invest behind that a little bit over the next two years. And then we might also do some additional investment into the businesses for sale areas at the tail end of that 12 month horizon. So we're exploring a number of different things there. Obviously, remaining sensitive to achieving our 40% margin goal and beating it the fourth quarter and then remaining somewhat consistent to that high margin level -- remaining consistent with high margin level ongoing and out year. So we're balancing reinvestment in the business would maintain the high margin levels. There is absolutely no shortage of potential investment initiatives just a question of prioritizing the really exciting ones upfront work and then in a -- in as fast a process as we can responsibly and efficiently run these initiatives.
Andrew Florance: And that last point that Scott was making is huge. So on our existing customer base, we have not had in place rigorous processes to evaluate each contract renewing and making sure that it's appropriately priced at the point of renewal. So there is a lot of potential value in -- particularly in firms that might have signed up many years ago have merged and grown about a lot of people have grown their footprint and our enterprise licensing hasn't kept up with that. So one of Scott's primary initiatives is setting up the systems around that to make sure we're capturing that appropriate revenue uplift. And then also making sure that our commission schedules support that but that could be in -- that alone over the next three years could be $100 million in uplift, right pricing those. So we'll continue to see this higher -- this higher average price point hold I believe. And then, just the mix shift of going from marketing products to brokers in LoopNet to marketing products to owners I think has an enormous net price uplift impact. So it'll be pretty significant for the next three years.
Andrew Florance: Unfortunately the sheet that was printed on I removed from the conference room to go grab something, I took it from Rich half an hour ago, just before the meeting started. So we are at 42,147 on the Apartments.com before the ForRent came in. And the real impressive growth there is at the upper end with a 55% growth of our highest end ad, the diamond ad, and then, the silver ads only growing at 3% year-over-year. So the single highest growth category that people are buying is that that premium level ad. So that's good news. And the reason is, we're delivering a lot more leads and a lot more value and more value increase to the advertiser than the price is going up. And then overall it's 48,490 when you combine the ForRent apartments. Again, we will mark when we hit the 50,000 mark because that's like a hugely impressive feat of strength in the apartment marketing industry.
Andrew Florance: Bill I always appreciate your question. They are very helpful. Yes. So it's interesting the one of the ways at NAA, we partnered with two of the major players that provide lead tracking services for the apartment industry. One of them, LeaseHawk has sampled that 10 million incoming leads into apartment communities. That service shows that not only are we producing by far and away with the highest volume of leads, but they're also the most -- had the highest conversion rate dramatically higher conversion rates than any of the other lead sources, which is important to our customers because each lead is an opportunity for them, but it's also a significant cost item for them they have to process the lead and walk them to the apartment everything else. So we've been making it with these third parties that we're partnering with to communicate this information along with the tracking numbers we provide to our customers and the lead tracking tools we provide to them. They're very aware of the tremendous advantage we're providing them. And we've been hearing from them that they used to require two or three services to keep the lead flow they need. And that today they're getting 100% lead flow they need by just advertising with the Apartments.com network. So we're getting credit for it. I would say that in -- 30, 40 conversations I had with clients almost all of them told us straight out we measure it, we monitor it and absolutely without a doubt you guys get credit for the most leads and the highest quality lead. So that's a solid story we don't need to really -- I think we're effectively pushing it. However, you would expect that the clients get a great deal right now because while the lead flow and the conversion rate is going up dramatically, I was shocked at how big the lead number was this past quarter. It was huge. And it means that there is a pricing opportunity there and we're going to be -- we'll be looking at that and we will be -- we won't be out of control, but we do think there is an opportunity there for some pricing leverage there. So I think that we didn't expect such a tremendous growth in the lead flow as we've seen. So we're seeing this, it holds consistent. We'll probably look for ways to recognize some of that additional value -- we'll capture some additional value we're providing to those. In terms of how we use that modest cash balance. We have the -- we are very active looking at opportunities in the market. We have a number of different irons in the fire. We are being selective. We are not chasing things that we feel are overvalued in the cycle. And we're looking for reasonably priced assets that we think have -- we can get a 10 banger on, we can't get a 10 banger on it, why do it. But we're not -- we aren't forgetting that balance we're aggressively working it, but we want to do it the right way.
Andrew Florance: I don't have an exact figure in front of me here, so I could only give you a guesstimate. And I would imagine it is 20% or so. But also remember that my experiences over the years has been that often that you'll have a quick sale cycle where you meet with one of those conversions and they close within 30 days. So your initial conversion rate -- initial close might be 50%. Your 3 year close rate might be 75%. So you have -- the first run of it and then those people often reconsider or eventually come around to it. So we have a motto here in our sales organization that eventually they all buy. It's just a question of when they see the light and they are ready to get a fantastic ROI for their investment in CoStar.
Andrew Florance: We've always had a couple of big sea changes like one is the growth of owners, used we are predominantly driven by brokers now overwhelmingly our biggest customers are our owners and that's a growing segment. So that's a big focus for our product releases. We always have a remarkable collection of unexpected users of our products like, you can delve into it, and when you look at 20 brands and you're like why in the world are they buying the product, and then there'll be some explanation about the need to measure the radio transmission blockage of buildings in order to calculate certain things. So there's always something going on like LA school district subscribed to CoStar in order to forecast their budgets and out years since they're funded by commercial property taxes. So there is always something going on there. I actually think that it's not a small -- it's not a sort of wild outlier. But the banking industry I think is the next big phase for us. So our ability to wrap our customers' loan portfolios with good surveillance and strong underwriting tools I think we can for relatively modest cost, we can invest there and build some really compelling tools to the banking industry. So we have some things in development there. Also we're providing some tools for CMBS investors, I think are pretty exciting where we're giving CMBS investors advance information on the economics of properties in the portfolio as well before the servicers report that content to the investors. So again, some information arbitrage there, I think those tools have a lot of legs. So we're now -- we're really more focusing on bigger blocks of opportunities to taking folks who are traditionally 4% of our revenues and saying can we grow them to 10%. And there's probably five or six of those.
Andrew Florance: [indiscernible] batting cleanup. So thank you very much for joining us for our 80th CoStar earnings call. And we look forward to updating on our progress for the third quarter before long. And again, thank you very much for joining us.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. And again, the ForRent cancellation number, we are outperforming that number. So when you put together two or three marketplaces, you expect to get very significant cost efficiencies, you expect to get -- you expect to have some loss of redundant advertising dollars which we're seeing, but we're actually getting a better than expected result on that. So we're really kind of happy with the way it's come out.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. So the -- the growth rates going forward we still expect to get about half of our growth from existing accounts and further penetration or broader geographies and we expect to get about half from new business and getting new logos. We're seeing that pretty consistently it doesn't change a whole lot. And the other area now that we're seeing more growth is really not only the pricing in the CoStar side, but as we've done more pricing on the LoopNet side for unlimited lister contracts and now on our listing plans we're seeing good upward movement in pricing on the LoopNet side as well. But what we haven't called in really into the rest of the years is that the pricing right now has been on new contracts coming in -- for new customers. We have not begun our program on a scale basis to do repricing an existing contracts as they roll. And we expect that will -- will start to work its way into the rest of the year and become a bigger impact into next year.
Scott Wheeler: Yes. You mentioned the marketing piece which was the part that shifts out the rest of the outperformance was all from a strong cost management and then a few million dollars of extra revenue that we that we had over our expectation. Yes, there's probably $2 million or $3 million of better than expected cost from the ForRent integration in the quarter. And so we expect that those benefits continue, we flowed the full $15 million of outperformance on EBITDA through to the guidance for the year. So we're confident that the things we're doing outside of the push in the marketing have to do with managing resources tightly as well as accelerating the ForRent integration and watching every other operating costs that we have, which we get a lot of duplicative marketing and other contracts that you find as you go through these integrations and those we were able to get out the door quicker than what we expected. So it's a solid performance managing headcount closely and taking out those duplicative cost gave you that outperformance.
