Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, it's a little of both, actually. I think one of the big issues going on right now is that we have a stronger dollar. Now, there's much of the world, Europe, for example, Japan, where we sell in local currency, so not as big an issue. We adjust for that. But in places like the U.S. and much of the Africa-Middle East where transaction prices are essentially in dollars, competitors of ours that are coming from a manufacturing base outside the U.S. are being more aggressive on pricing, and so that's putting pressure on us. So that's quite a bit. And then, of course, in mining, it's a deal-by-deal battle, and that business certainly hasn't seen any signs of improvement yet. So dollar is quite a bit of what I think.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, Andy, so price realization is a couple hundred million of the billion. And certainly that goes right to the bottom line. There is additional cost reduction. And a lot of that would come from incentive comp. I mean, that's lower because the outlook is lower. There's a relationship between those. So those are a couple of offsets from the profit side. And then the rest of it is essentially lower sales volume and what the variable margin is on that.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Well, one of the – the reason the two years were different is because the amortization of prior-year losses for the most part were different. And those – that's out of the equation now, so I think the – that ongoing normal cost will be less influenced by that. So it will be I think relatively speaking no more stable, except for we're doing this mark-to-market now. So at year-end, there will likely be – who knows right now whether or not it will be a big positive or a negative, we don't know and it's not included in the outlook. There could be a mark-to-market change at the end of the year if interest rates go up or down or there's a material change in returns on the funded asset portfolio. You could get quite a bit of variability at year end on that mark-to-market adjustment. Outside of that, I think it's probably a good base to come from.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah. I think the actual operating margins for E&T were down in the first quarter and that's because of relative to the rest of the year – relative to last year, a low sales quarter in the first quarter. So if you think about it, much of the increase in the quarterly sales between the first and the rest of the year is going to be E&T, Energy & Transportation. And that will get added at certainly a higher than operating margin rate. So it's a bit of operating leverage on the sales, they had a pretty low sales quarter. So I think that'll come back up as we go through the year.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, so you're right. There is a – there is – if you look at the retail sales for Construction Industries and what we actually reported as sales, there's a disconnect. The – I don't have the number right in front of me, but I think our sales were down 18%, 19% and the retail sales were down less than 10%. The difference is not so much a destocking in the channel. It's – we normally build inventory in the first quarter. We did that in both quarters, but they built a lot more inventory. We built – or dealers, I'm sorry, built more inventory a year ago, so that's negative for our sales and that's what's taken that retail sales level and bumped it up a little bit for us in the first quarter.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: I think our – yeah, I would say there's always some seasonality in dealer inventory. It goes up during this part of the year. And then it – everything else being equal, with relatively level demand or expected seasonal demand, it will come down between here and the rest of the year, and that's exactly what we think will happen.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: We've not made any changes. I don't recall talking about a target. I think last year dealer inventory declined I think around $1 billion, if memory serves me.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah. Honestly, I don't have the – I mean I have the backlog numbers in total which were flat from the end of the year to where we are now. But I don't have a breakdown of what ships later in the year. We'll put that – I think we normally put that in the queue, but I don't have it in front of me, David.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: We didn't say Solar in particular but we said each of the segments. But you could throw Solar in there as well. It was similar to – relatively unchanged from year end to the end of the first quarter; actually up just a touch but not much.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, Ann. This is Mike. I'll take that. We don't really make a forecast for cash flow. That's never really been a part of our outlook, but if you look at the operating cash flow for this quarter, it was a couple of hundred million positive, and that's despite two big negatives in the first quarter. As a part of our restructuring costs last year, we had a fair bit of employee related costs. And that was, for the most part, paid in January. So there was, I think, about $400 million of extra negative cash flow in the first quarter that was related to the restructuring actions from last year. So that was a bit of a drag. And then, of course, in the first quarter, we always pay – we accrue incentive compensation throughout the year, but it gets paid in the first quarter, and that was I think $600 million. So between the two, we had close to $1 billion drag on operating cash flow in the quarter. So I think you'll see that improve, operating cash flow ought to improve quite a bit from first quarter levels as we go through the rest of the year. I think on inventory, we've been pretty public by saying that the one operational thing that we've not been as happy with is inventory turns. There's all kinds of reasons why quarter to quarter to quarter, things can change, but on balance, our forecast has an improvement in turns built into this year. And we have everybody in the company working to make that happen.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: No, that's not unusual. I don't know if I would call it routine, but it's not all that unusual. Intercompany loans between the parent and all of our subsidiaries to kind of help better manage cash happens all the time.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, that's a lot, Rob. First on parts pricing, that – if you look at our year-over-year price realization of the issues that we have, for the most part, that's new machines, that's not aftermarket. And I'm not saying it's zero, but in terms of materiality, it's not that big a deal. So that's the pricing point. In terms of the cost curve, a lot of the product that we have, particularly on the reciprocating engine side, is similar – let's take a 3500 Series engine. It goes into machines, electric power, it goes into marine. It goes into providing power for a drill rig or a frac pump. So it's actually spread across a number of industries. I mean we've worked on the cost structure, and I think actually not just for oil and gas, but across most of our products. I think at the sales level that we're at right now, based on the material cost reductions we've got the Lean-related efficiency improvements, the period cost reductions, the restructuring, I think we've actually done a pretty darn good job on trying to get the cost structure in line for the most part with where reasonable demand would be.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: No. I mean, the numbers that – we don't normally provide actual guidance. We kind of nudge, I guess. We provide some color around what we think. And I think we probably didn't do that as explicitly enough when we did our year-end release. And the analyst guidance for the quarter ended up looking more like the pattern for last year rather than the pattern for this year from a quarterly cadence. And we were coming down from oil and gas last year. So I don't think that was well played into the guidance. So no, what we did at Barclays was just trying to get expectations set there, thereabouts where we'd thought all quarter, but was not a big step-down or a run-down, and we ended up actually being pretty close to what we thought. I mean we've got many businesses, not just three segments. Within each one of those, we – like E&T, we have marine, we have recip oil and gas, we've got turbines, we've got power, we've got rail, we've got rail services, and each one is difficult enough to forecast. But there's just a lot of moving parts. I know from the outside looking in, it might seem like our business ought to be easy to forecast, but it's actually pretty tough. But we've come reasonably close, and certainly, we were in the first quarter.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah. It's actually not that tough, Ross. So in the first quarter, I'll tell you one thing that we – I would say we don't forecast but I guess by definition we tend to forecast at zero is the impact, the short-term impacts of currency as a result of our balance sheet position. And that's below operating profit in that other income line. We tend not to forecast it. Our whole business is hard enough to forecast. Trying to forecast exchange rates over the next three months, we just don't do. So we would be expecting currency exchange in that other income and expense line to essentially be zero. In the first quarter, if memory serves me, we had about $0.05 a share I think negative. So that would be coming out. So that would be a little bit of a boost in the second quarter. And then we have higher sales in the $500 million to $600 million range. You probably want to use something closer to our variable margin rate. I mean, period costs over time like year-over-year, we can fluctuate them up or down. But in the short term, rather than kind of an incremental margin kind of look, variable margin is probably a little bit better indicator. And for us, that's right around 40%. So I think a little less drag from currency translation and higher sales and maybe a little bit more continued cost reduction. But mostly, it's sales and absence of exchange loss, and a little bit of product mix, too.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Okay. So we'll kind of address those one at a time. I won't mention names, but a company in the last few days announced a pipeline cut. And that doesn't involve us. It doesn't. We're not part of that. So in particular, that one isn't affecting us. The backlog for Solar has remained pretty stable. I mean, it's only a couple hundred million below where it was a year ago at this time. It actually rose a tiny bit from year end. Most of the decline in the business has been oil-related, not gas-related. I think we feel pretty comfortable with the backlog that we have in. Given the lead times of the projects, our stuff would go in maybe more near the end of a big project. I mean, if you're going to put turbines on a platform, you've got to have the platform up before you put the turbines in. So I think we feel pretty comfortable about this year. And I know you asked about 2017. I'm going to politely defer that, not because I'm trying to be cagey, but because it's way too soon to start talking about 2017. There's a whole range of things that could be positive or negative. I think we're probably couple quarters away from getting a good view of that.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Well, couple of things on that. When we made the announcement last year in September about these restructuring actions, we were thinking maybe 20 facilities would be impacted. We've announced about 15 plus facilities now this on-highway vocational truck. So at least in terms of numbers of facilities, I think we're pretty far down that path. There's still more to go. And certainly, it will take a little – even for the ones that we've announced, these phase ins, it takes a while to shut down and change and shed the cost. So we still – from a savings standpoint, we still have quite a bit to go. So that's a positive. On the incrementals I think low 20%s is too small a number. Normally, we think of incrementals as around 25%. I think based on all the actions that we've done when recovery starts, Doug has been probably the most vocal in saying this, and I believe it, too. We should probably do a bit better than that when things turn around because we certainly have plenty of capacity right now for most of our products and a period fixed cost structure that could handle a bit more.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: So for mining in particular, it was not a very good first quarter for aftermarket. We said that in the release for Resource Industries. So looking backwards over the last quarter, no, no signs of turnaround at all there. More broadly on aftermarket for the company, I think we feel pretty confident in the outlook for parts, and I think it's a little bit like construction. Sentiment seems to be a little bit more positive, but probably a little too soon to declare victory.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: All right. You've got couple questions wrapped up there, and I think I can deal with both of them. The first one on kind of what we said last time, we said CI down 5% to 10%, that's I think still pretty good. We said RI would be down 15% to 20%, and that's probably still in the range, but it's maybe moved up a little. On E&T, we said 10% to 15%. I think it's fair to say that range still holds true, but they're right at the top of it. So I think for E&T, about 15% is probably better than the 10% to 15%. And on the U.S. coal, that business is so low right now, we're not selling much into that industry. So I think all the negative around – I don't want to say all – I think fundamentally the negatives of the market are already in our sales.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, I don't see anything that would make it worse. I think this is probably – the backlog for that business has stayed pretty flat. Kind of what's coming in and what's going out are on a reasonable balance. So I don't see anything out there that would cause it right now anyway, at least over the next couple of quarters to shift down.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Okay. With that, thank you again for joining us. This concludes our call, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Mike, let me just add there on this point. We have for several years really focused on market share. That drives this business. It drives this business model. It drives our dealers. And we've been very fortunate up until now, and I agree with Mike completely that the dollar is a big piece of that, in building market share every year for the last five years. And in fact, we've built market share again so far this year over last year. And that comes with a little bit of sacrifice on price, and that's the balance we're going to continue to drive. And we are – I'll just maybe leave it at that that it's a balance, and it's a kind of a market share gain for us because that drives this company long term.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Yeah, thank you. I would share the caution in China. I am pretty sure that it's more than just the tier change, the Tier 3 institution implementation on April 1. Our folks over there were pretty emphatic that that's going to hold and that this is beyond pre-buy. But I am very cautious about how far that goes, and I would share that as well. We're going to have to watch this month by month and see where it goes. There's no question though that the government is concerned about growth. And too slow of a growth and a change in growth will be much more negative than some stimulus now, and I think that's what they're trying to balance. So I'm not going to declare a bottom in China, I don't know. But certainly, this is, as I said earlier, the first post-Chinese New Year where we've had sustained shipments now 60 days going on 90 days past the New Year in several years. So I am watching that, and I am cautious, but that's a better statistic than we've had.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Yeah. Again, going over to Europe, we met with hundreds of customers and all of our major dealers over there. And it was hard to find any more pessimism than that's been there for several years. They all recognize it's been a seven-year slog. They all recognize there's not a boom coming, but at the same time, the stories were much more positive. And even France, in an election year there, is stimulating a bit into infrastructure, and some of those big projects we're feeding, and thus, our big dealer there was feeling better. So I would say that a bit – a very small bit of optimism is in order in Europe. But I've been there now the last two years. I said about a year ago that Europe was two years behind the United States, I still believe that. So it's a very, very slow crawl out. I don't see much negativism there right now. I'd say the downside is continued – the continued disappointment around oil and energy. I think that could go a while. I do think that our numbers are at a point where it's hard to go from – yeah, from two to one is a 100% drop, but it's not a material amount of impact on us. But we saw some of that in the first quarter in Resource. So we're getting near the bottom in all that just because there's – we're at the bottom. But the downside would be – and any big downsides going to be something we all don't see coming, and frankly, I've talked about that before, too. So all in all, I would say slightly more feeling better about things but very, very cautious.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Let me just add to that, Eli. Doug here. There's two things that are going to happen in mining, Resource Industries is specifically mining for us. Number one, we've got a lot of restructuring underway right now and that will help us down the road. Number two, there will – ore is being mined, coal is being mined, trucks are still running, tractors are still dozing, motors are still loading around the world. The replacement cycle has been stretched out a long way which is the first time that's happened to us including parts. And at some point that replacement cycle will come to us, parts first, then rebuilds and then new truck orders. And those are the things we're waiting for. We're closer to it than ever I think just because of the longevity of the replacement cycle here. And we should start to see that I would say at any time. Maybe we're seeing it some signs of it in a few areas as someone mentioned on the call a minute ago but it will come to us.
