Amy A. Campbell: Yes, so it's a great question. I think it's certainly a great change in where we've been over the last several years, is bringing back workforce. To your first question, where has it been, Ross, it's really been around the globe. Certainly China, sales are up. Brad mentioned industry up over 100% this year versus last. So that's been a significant growth in workforce. Lafayette, this is for the higher demand for the 3500 and 3600 engine. And beyond that, we're hiring in other factories around the globe, here in East Peoria. We're bringing people back to work in Pontiac. It's been pretty broad-based. As far as the second half versus the first half, I think if you look at the comps for sales in the second half of the year versus the first half, they're actually up just about $1 billion so we are implying higher production. Production is higher in the second half than it was in the first half. So we can talk through some of the puts and takes on profitability, but we do expect production to be up in the second half of the year.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah, I think if you're talking about fixed assets, bricks and mortar and machines, we continue our restructuring plan. We think at the end of those plans we'll have the capacity we need to meet our future growth needs. So we don't foresee that we have fixed capacity challenges. Really what we're seeing right now is we bring production back, we're coming back from pretty low levels. Jim talked about where we're investing in the business in the second half of the year, is through some targeted investments in key initiatives to advance our market of competitiveness, in digital to advance some product programs that we have. So that's where we see the second half investments back in the business scene.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah, so for Construction Industries, and I think your point is a good one. They had impressive margins. Brad pointed that out, both in the first and the second quarter, up 600 basis points from a year ago. In the second half of the year, we do expect some headwinds to profitability. North America continues to be very competitive from a pricing perspective. We expect that to put pressure on Construction Industries' price realization in the second half. We still expect them to be favorable, slightly, but not as favorable as we've seen in the first half of the year. Say through the first half of 2017, we've clawed back the price that we lost in 2016, and we do expect some price pressures in the back half of the year, especially in North America. Across all three of the primary product segments, we do expect material cost headwinds. We delivered about $50 million of material cost improvement in the first quarter. It was about flat this quarter. We expect that to reverse to about a $50 million headwind in the back half of the year. That's across all three segments. And Construction Industries also, and the other two primary segments, have some key initiatives they're planning on spending in the second half year. That all said, though, David, we would expect the segment margins for Construction Industries for the full year to be about 200 basis points than they were last year.
Amy A. Campbell: Well, your numbers are a little different than ours. We add back the inner segment sales. But yeah, there is a pretty significant margin erosion that's implied in the outlook in the back half of the year for price, for higher material cost, and then to reflect these investments that we expect to make in the business.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah, so and as you said, we'll certainly be discussing more on all three of the segments' margins as we get to the Analyst Day in September. Construction Industries was an early adopter of our operating execution model focused on OPEC profit generation. A 200 basis point improvement from last year is certainly something to be proud of. And they have – they continue to restructure. We've got Gosselies and Aurora that still we don't expect to see those improvements until 2019. Maybe we'll see some of that flow through in 2018. So I think we certainly see growth from here for Construction Industries' margin.
Amy A. Campbell: Sure, yep. Thanks, Jamie. So RI profitability. I think if you step back, we do expect sales to be slightly higher in the second half, as Brad mentioned. Part sales will come down a little bit, but that'll be more than offset by shipping out of the backlog for new equipment orders. That said, and I think if you neutralize for that higher warranty expense, we expect first half and second half profitability to be pretty similar on slightly higher sales in the second half. And that's driven by the steel cost pressures that we expect to see as we talked about in the last quarter. Resource Industries has a slightly less favorable geographic mix of product sales in the second half, and then also the investments that they're making to advance market competitiveness in digital and product programs.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. Plus or minus. Not giving exact numbers, we see the first half and the second half profitability to be pretty similar.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah, I would say we don't see the forecast really being much impacted by capacity constraints, although as you mentioned, we have seen lead times go out. If you look at several of our products, the 3600 large mining trucks, demand for those products really shot up overnight. The large mining trucks now we expect for production to be triple what it was in 2016. Production for the 3600 has more than quadrupled from a year ago, and again, both of those products were at pretty low level so it does take time to get that demand back, especially through the supply chain and getting the workforce back to work. And we also have, as we're restructuring and seeing some really elevated level of demand in China for excavators and demand come back in North America for earth moving equipment with the restructuring of Gosselies. While we've put those products on managed distribution, we do believe that we're getting product to the dealers to get to customer sales. However, we have seen a month of sales for dealer inventory come down, and it's a little lower right now than we would like it to be.
Amy A. Campbell: So for Energy and Transportation what we would expect for margins is for first half profitability and second half profitability to be pretty similar.
Amy A. Campbell: No, we think that there's still dealer restocking to come. So if you look at dealer inventories in China, we probably typically target about 2.5 months of sales. China's target for dealer inventory months of sale is a little lower than the rest of the world. They have less variety in the configurations they sell. We are about, quite a bit lower than that at the end of the second quarter, even though we did take dealer inventory up some. So we do expect to continue to be rebuilding dealer inventory levels through the back half of the year. But as I mentioned, certainly in China, the strong selling season for end users is in the first half.
Amy A. Campbell: So it's pretty broad-based and I'd say it's pretty difficult to boil it down to a few bullet points, but I'll give you some highlights. One of the significant areas of focus is a bold goal for our business to connect more assets. So we believe we have the largest connected industrial fleet in the world at 530,000 assets. And we have a bold goal to go out and connect 100,000 more by the end of the year. We don't know if we'll get there, but that's certainly where we're moving the teams towards. And that requires the expense of buying the boxes and the labor cost to connect those assets. And certainly, that will benefit both our customers and us as we bring back that data and learn ways and use the data and the power of data to develop solutions to lower the cost and improve the productivity for customers. So that's one area. Another would be expanding our e-distribution channel and the different solutions we have out there for customers. That's another area we're focused on. And then we're also spending money to advance some of our product programs, pull money into this year or push those product programs and make sure they have successful launches in the back half of the year.
Amy A. Campbell: Well, I mean, I think it's been extremely impactful to Construction Industries' margins. You can go back several years and look at where their segment margin percents were and see that they've come quite a ways on down sales. So sales in 2017 still probably – I don't have the numbers in front of me, but 10% to 15% off of peak levels of sales volumes and much higher levels of segment margin. They've driven higher OPACC, just raw dollar OPACC over that timeframe, and that said, as all of the segments have worked on their operating and execution and OPACC improvement initiatives, Construction Industries still has projects lined up and improvements they expect to make in their OPACC.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. I think we'll give more color to that at the Analyst Day in September. But I think it's fair to say that they still have a pretty healthy sized list of profit improvements that they're focused on driving through their business.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah, I think that we have probably always held around a target of 3.5 to 4 months of sales of dealer inventory. I think if we're honest, we probably typically struggle to get there, and we're – would end the year a little north of four. I think that's about where we ended 2016. I don't know that our target for months of sales of dealer inventory has changed that much, but as we have seen volume come back pretty quickly in a few of our end markets, we have seen that months of sales drop below our 3.5 target.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. I'll handle each one of those separately, Joe. So for mining, we do see part sales come down in the second half of the year. I wouldn't say that it's that significant. And I don't have a forecast for 2018 to give you of where we think part sales will be over time. We do expect some decline in part sales second half and first half, but it's not a double-digit number, but it is coming down. For oil and gas or really where we're seeing, as we talked about, the aftermarket parts demand is primarily in well servicing, and it has primarily been, as Brad talked about, in the Permian Basin and in other shale formations in that region, other parts of Texas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, where the cost of oil production is still encouraging investment. We haven't seen demand to date come down in those regions. We haven't seen a lot of increase in demand in other shale formations outside of that area. So without providing an outlook for 2018 or kind of guiding where I think we could go from here, certainly the oil price drives that. A significant stepdown would probably put some pressure on where we're seeing some strength today. But if we would start to see oil prices get back up over $50 and start to see some of the pipeline build-out that we need to help transportation, a few of the other shale formations, we could start to see those pick up. So I think it's really too early to call kind of where we go much out past the end of 2017.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. So I do think – what I would say is if you look at the order rate in the second quarter, Brad mentioned that it was more than double from second quarter of last year. So I think without having the buying decisions of all of the miners in front of me, it's probably fair to conclude that at current commodity prices it's driving demand for investment. I think what's probably more important, and we've stressed this throughout the entire downside of mining, is that mine production continues to really increase or in some commodities stay about flat. So it's really an issue of making sure they have healthy operating equipment in the mines and when do they need to start to invest capital to keep their equipment running and functioning. So I think commodity prices right now are supportive. They need to stay supportive. If we were to see change materially, that could change the story. But where they are right now, we are seeing healthy demand for mining equipment
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. Well, I think it's exactly my last comment, which is industry volumes still are at extremely low levels. So manufacturers have a lot of capacity and are trying to fill up their factories and earn and win every deal to do that. These are certainly very attractive both from the original sale and the after-market parts stream deals to win. So I think we really won't start to see price appreciation in Resource Industries until we start to see constraints in capacity amongst us and our competitors.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. So, as I mentioned, we are for a few products bringing production up quickly off of very low levels. It's difficult to get both – get the factories back to work and get the workforce in and trained. And so that is taking a little time. On top of that, we've had higher demand for aftermarket parts which also puts demand into the supply chain. I think we just think it takes time. We hope to be worked through most of those issues by the end of the year, and it is largely workforce and supply chain that's driving – that's, I'd say, setting the pace for how quickly we can bring production up.
Amy A. Campbell: I would say that we have, depending on the product, we have supply chain issues we're working across the product line.
Amy A. Campbell: No, it's not – I think from David's question, if I look at the margins that I referenced, he said single digits. I'm not quite to single digit numbers, so I was just clarifying his math. I think we were both probably in about the same place. I think the question stands though, we do see softer segment margin percent in the back half of the year for Construction Industries. Sales are down a little bit. That drives some of it, which is not unusual from a historical perspective for Construction Industries' sales to be down in the back half of the year. They do expect some price pressure, especially in North America. They expect some material cost pressures for steel and then some higher period cost spend to support these investments.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah, and so a 200 basis point improvement for the year certainly I think is something to denote impressive.
Amy A. Campbell: I'd say the price pressure has been there, but we expect it to continue. And we expect, I'd say our competitors, as we continue to see the strong dollar work against us from a competitive standpoint to put additional price pressure in the back half of the year, Steve.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah, I mean, I think it's a question that will be discussed at the Analyst Day in September. But I think if you go back to the chart on Construction Industries sales that's in the presentation pack, I think what you'll see is we have seen healthy growth and non-residential and residential spend, although we still think from a residential perspective we're not keeping up with population growth in the U.S. But what has, I'd say, disappointed for the last several years has been a lack of growth in infrastructure investment, which is really, I think, the area that looks prime to need some more investment and some more growth.
