Mike DeWalt: Good question Andy, dealer inventory, certainly a benefactor versus our original outlook when we started the year. It kind of looks now like dealer inventory is going to be down maybe $1 billion or so more than we thought. In fact the first quarter and the second quarter combined, we are still a slightly for the year. We had a 700 increase in the first quarter, 500 increased the second quarter, and a lot of that is seasonality. But in the second half we’re looking for about 800 million of decline per quarter, so about a 1.6 billion coming out in the second half, so. Now that’s having an impact on second quarter, I’m sorry second half results. And it’s a couple of things you know, one, we’ve not really had a turnaround in mining yet, and so dealers are continuing to satisfy some demand out of inventory. We thought it was going to be a lot less, coming into the year and things might start picking up, we really haven’t seen that yet. So that’s one factor, and I think on construction, you know dealer inventory we’re going to end the year probably a little bit lower than we thought. And that’s actually despite a pretty darn good year so far for construction. I think it’s a case where we talk a lot about execution, we’ve actually been able to take down our lane one channel inventory that we have and dealers have been able to take their inventory down as well, I think we’re -- when you think about what’s an adequate supply kind of going back to your question, you know it’s within a range and I think particularly for construction it’s getting down to you know a pretty good level. So you know if demand doesn’t decline then you’d have to think going forward the dealer inventory’s going to be in even better shape at the end of this year than it was last year. So in summarize your question, I know I was kind of long winded. Dealer inventories having a bit more of an impact this year in on it, it’s a principle reason why the second half sales aren’t going to be better than what is in our forecast.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, I’d say E&T overall, I’d say we feel very good, second half looks like it’s going to be pretty strong. We’ve had, I would say very good order rates over the last quarter particularly for oil and gas, for large engine products in general but oil and gas has been particularly good, so that’s contributed to the increase in the back log there. With electric power, we kind of have a couple of different businesses. We have -- we break it down between the investor business which is essentially large scale installations that, small we call it retail gen sets. The big gen set business, the big end has been pretty good and that’s the piece of it that can tend to be lumpy around big projects. We had some last year we’ll have some this year. And the timing affects how that plays out, certainly by month and by quarter and you see that in the retail statistics, it’ll move around quite a bit. I’ll tell you we feel pretty good about energy and transportation overall, really most of the sectors within there and particularly the oil and gas.
Mike DeWalt: No, I think the first and second quarters played out pretty close to what we thought, if you think about it, the first quarter for sales to end users is always one of the lowest quarters of the year. Dealers commonly stock up and then sell it down in the second quarter which they did this year, it came down. And then the third quarter is usually pretty weak as well, a lot of Europe is on vacation, a lot of other parts of the world take vacation time and we feel that in our business, so certainly a bit more of that’ll come out in the third quarter and then again more probably in the fourth quarter. It’s always tough to forecast this with massive accuracy I mean we look at what are reasonable months of sales are but that varies by region and it’s a reasonable range and I think construction based on where we are in terms of the timing of the year lesser expectations are for year-end, is definitely within that reasonable range.
Mike DeWalt: I think it’s going to end up being about 1 billion of memory serves me, I’m not a 100% sure on that but I think that’s over magnitude.
Mike DeWalt: And Jamie their incrementals I think too were really operationally better than the numbers look like just right after face of the statement. Last year they had a $135 million gain from the Siwei settlement so if you take that, if you adjust for that operationally they were pretty good.
Mike DeWalt: Yes we’re at a point now where margins are low enough and sales are low enough the percentages I think the dollars are probably in some ways a little more important and easier way to think about it. We were $140 million something in the first quarter 130 million something in the second quarter and I don’t think you’re going to see material changes from that probably for the rest for the year.
Mike DeWalt: Yes actually from first to second in fact what I looked at last night was sort of a less about regions and more about products, it was actually I mean small numbers I’m going to start with that small numbers but fairly widespread on the OE. And the part sales we have strength in part sales on things like underground coal trucks traditional CAT were actually a little better than most where we’re seeing down side on the aftermarket now and things like deferred maintenance on big shovels and the drag lines and alike but I’d say that and the numbers aren’t huge even the increase quarter-over-quarter was actually relatively small, but thankfully turned in the right direction.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, yes so this is a big year for locomotive sale probably the biggest since we’ve owned EMD. There have been a lot of misconceptions about this and this is a good opportunity I think to clear some of those up EMD has been great acquisition on our part, their market share has gone up in North American locomotives quite a bit since we brought them. Their sales have gone up quite a bit and I would use the words pre-buy but certainly dealers have ordered a lot of locomotives from us as well as our competitors for delivery this year…
Mike DeWalt: Production has been going pretty solid all year long effectively we’re book solid. If we could have built more we probably could have sold a little bit more this year. But we are book solid on locomotives. The timing of the sales is around when we deliver them. And we will probably have a better both third quarter and fourth-quarter. Now on the whole Tier 4 question, we’re close to our customers. There are not that many North America. They’re largely the big class I rail. We have very close relationship with essentially all of them. We have been talking to them about Tier 4 expectations for a long time. They have been telling us they don’t expect to order much for the next couple of years. We have talked to them about our Tier 4 plans. No surprise to them. Our view is that the marketplace expectations over the next -- that the industry North America over the next couple of years is going to be down a lot from where we are right now. And the impact of the timing of our Tier 4 product is not going to have a great material impact on our sales at all.
Mike DeWalt: I won’t make any comments on their margin in the second half, as we don’t really do guidance by segment, but they have been doing just fabulous job of executing on sales that were actually down a couple of percentage points. They managed cost down and improved the margins. They’ve been very stable. Whether or not it’s going to be exactly the same for this quarter, you know that depends a lot on production, mix of products, regions they’re sold, I mean you can always expect some bit of up and down in the margin rate. But I think overall they’ve just done a great job. Not just this year, but really over the past three years. Their sales have been stable and profits have been going up.
Mike DeWalt: Well, you know this is not a business so much, Tim, that orders today and expects it tomorrow. So we are increasing production of large engines. We are taking up the build rates in Lafayette because of the increasing demand, and back to your original point. We’ve been a leader in this kind of business for a long time and I think the additional transmissions and now the pressure pumps with our JV strengthened that. I think it’s a great business. It lines up well with kind of the strength of Caterpillar, durability, reliability, service, dealer network, parts supply, it is a great thing. You’re right, because if you go back a couple of years ago, what words to say, there was plenty of equipment in the market and it slowed down pretty dramatically from there. Last year was quiet a down year for our servicing. But I think they’ve gone through maybe the excess inventory they’ve had that plus a little bit lower supplies of, proper supply of gas supporting prices it looks like, it looks in good orders on our standpoint, it looks like it’s going to be a pretty good business.
Mike DeWalt: That is the $64,000 question, baffling is probably the wrong word, but generally mine production has been pretty good, but equipment sales have been very poor. They probably had a little more equipment that they needed it’s a little bit almost like the tracking situation. So it will come back, there is no doubt about, they’re selling or they’re buying right now at levels that are far below what a normal sustainable replacement level would be but again the question is on little bit like fracing and well servicing, when will that turnaround.  It’s hopeful to think that with part sale starting to add job a bit the equipment sales not going down anymore that where add an inflection, but both the mining customers and our sales have proven that it’s in the industry that’s extremely tough to forecast, so the honest answer is it needs to go well, it will go well just the timing of when that’s going to happen that we don’t know.
Mike DeWalt: Couple of things, our view is that what we should have a Tier 4 diesel offering for 2017. We have actually a big after market rail business a big service rail business and we sale locomotives and components internationally and we’re increasing our passions in rail business as well. So there is a lot of aspects to this and I think with the big push in North America that we’ve had this year that’s a big demand from customers. One of the things that we done our best to do, is to differ as much of the non North American demand as we can in the next year, I’m not going to maybe give a forecast for next year just little early for that we’ll talk about 2015 maybe a little bit more next time we get together for these calls in October. But we have actively tried to focus as much as we possibly could more in North America this year because of the big demand.
Mike DeWalt: I think our strategy over the last few years and we’ve been just pounding through this quarter-after-quarter, just to have very modest pricing, good cost reduction, improve quality, improve delivery performance and get market share and that’s what we’ve been doing. Through that period we’ve had a very stable pricing environment, not much up, not much down and I don’t see that changing in the near future. 
Mike DeWalt: Well, we put in capacity, physical capacity in the last cycle and I think we have adequate capacity in mining, even for a sizeable upturn when it comes. What we’ve tried to do with our cost structure as you say make it more flexible and that means being able to take out costs when volume goes down and add cost when volume comes back in other words, try to make more of the cost structure as variable as we can. And we’ve done that, you know over the past two years in mining we’ve taken a lot of cost out, we’ve taken fixed cost out, or weak off period cost out in our major manufacturing facility, but we’ve done that without materially impacting capacity. So when things turn up there’s no doubt we’ll need to hire more people to get the work done. But I’ll just give you an example of the kinds of things that we’ve done to make that happen. You know we increased capacity quite a bit for large trucks over the course of 2010, ’11 and ’12. But we essentially did that in our Decatur facility, I mean we didn’t have any square footage to do that, it was all about how we laid out the factory, the equipment the processes to get more production out of that facility. So, you know other than depreciation we didn’t add a lot of fixed cost to get extra capacity, so that’s just an example of the kinds of things that we’ve done. I hope we do get a big turnaround that causes us to need more people I mean that’d be good for us, that’d be good for the industry, that’d be good for the country.
Mike DeWalt: Well it’s been slow and steady overall, actually North America in construction has been you know pretty good this year, I would describe North America as a little better than slow and steady. And although we didn’t change it a lot you know as a part of the updated outlook, you know the principal change was down for construction as I said before a little, China and then the turmoil in the Middle East and the CIS causing caution. But in the midst of all that we actually edged US construction up a little bit and I think defines there are encouraging. And to put it in some context though, Theoni, we've had a few years of improvement in North American construction. This has been actually a pretty decent year. But even through all of that, we are still thinking this year is kind of unit basis, we are still thinking this year is going to be sort of 15% to 20% below the ’06 peak. So there is still a lot of room I think to run in construction in North America. We just need some sustaining decent economic growth North America. We need the highway bill to get sorted out. We need economic activity -- housing starts a well below what the long-term needs to be the support population growth, and some point little bit like mining. That stuff is going to come back, and when it does it will be part of it. And it’s starting too, now. 
Mike DeWalt: The stuff that you have said was true, or much of it was, but it doesn’t act necessarily that all come to the conclusion that you've drawn. Oil and gas should be, we think good in the second half, but I think most of the areas of the energy and transportation business we think are going to improve in the second half. So it’s not all going to be concentrated in oil and gas. I don’t see a big impact on mix in the second half. We do have a couple of big orders going out, or of one big sale that we are expecting that will probably be a little below the average that will temper -- or be certainly less than the average margin rate, that will temper E&T expectations I think a bit in that, later in the year. And E&T is in some way similar to a lot of the rest of the business. And we have a higher discretionary cost in the second half of the year than we do in the first half of the year. Some engineering programs are likely going to ramp up there a little bit too. I wouldn’t get carried away on -- margins this quarter were quite good. I wouldn’t get carried away at all thinking that you’re going to get a lot better in the second half of E&T. We had a great second quarter there.
Mike DeWalt: So here is the thing. When the numbers are relatively small in terms of change -- operating profit, if memory serves me up, it was up a little over a 50 million. It wasn’t a lot. When you have small changes in operating profit like that and we are describing the reasons, sometimes it makes it seem as though it's maybe more important than it was. The changes that we had in pricing for Energy and Transportation certainly weren’t outsized. Again, it is like -- for the total Company, if you look at the waterfall chart, all of the buckets are relatively small. So describing anything that’s inside them can make them seem a little more important there are. I don’t think, there is not a big price increase going on there. I don’t see any big change in pricing activity going forward.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, it’s not a huge. The CIS is not huge for us. We don’t do sales by country. It’s as you would expect a lot less than in someplace like China, the industry there is just not as big. But it has come off. Even though it’s not big, it’s come off a lot. And that’s what makes it worth mentioning. 
Mike DeWalt: That’s machines I don’t think engines is forecast to change much. Dealer inventory in engines is smaller than much more stable what I was talking about was machines.
Mike DeWalt: I mean overall it wasn’t much we went up 700 first quarter down 500 second quarter, so first half was 200 million 
Mike DeWalt: Yes. I think we would see it trending move towards that as the year goes on. I think that’s a very reasonable assumption.
Mike DeWalt: David, I will just go on from that. Throughout much of last year the mining numbers were continuing to go down. And so what a lot of that will be is -- we will be lapping what was actually quite low Resource Industries. That is probably where you will see a lot of improvement. You’ve already started to see that. This last month on Resource Industries, it was less negative than prior months, by reasonable margin.
Mike DeWalt: I am not going to give you an exact kind of number because as you started up, parts and service matters, pricing matters, currency impact matter a bit. But I think your underlying premise is that the retail stat should relative to a year ago start looking better is absolutely true. 
Mike DeWalt: Okay, with that we’re a couple minutes over, we will wrap it up. Thank you very much everyone and we will see you again in October.
Brad Halverson: Yes this is Brad Halverson. Just one comment on our resource industries segment in terms of its margins, this segment is critically important to us and we’ve made a conscious effort to continue to invest in the technology and autonomous mining and those types of things as well as our initiatives around Bucyrus. And so I would say that we have made a conscious decision relative to maybe our normal expectations on pull through to continue to invest in the segment even where their sales are at.
Brad Halverson: Just a little more color on Michael. There is no question that there was an artificial boom of until 2011-12 in the world, the bust since then is equally I would of the same magnitude if not worse. We are see our customers delayed maintenance defer maintenance, do you think they have not done in the past. So at some point and as Mike said we don’t when this will come to us even if its replacement part cycle which we haven’t see yet. Now I can fully believe as do our customers that the bottom is just behind us are our numbers are just almost miniscule in terms of taking up, but they are taking up and I think anecdotally with our customers they see that too, when they start to get back into a normal parts replacement cycle and even a normal replacement cycle is a number a lot of that will depend on they’re running and I saw that announcement as well with a big one or two I met with lot of in the last couple months and I know they were talk about taking production down but most of them just trying look again more of the same. So the bottom-line we don’t always going to come back but it will come back and I just see replacement product cycle first in some magnitude.
Brad Halverson: Jerry maybe I just kind of quickly in general terms I can get the numbers back in terms of percent but I would say our global purchasing group under the Dave Bozeman, combining that with our lean initiative focused on built in quality right time and then more importantly perhaps the customer lead times. The collaboration with our supplier is outstanding right now and we are seeing good progress connected to our lean initiatives across the board. So I would say relative to our engagement with suppliers in collaboration and you kind of seeing that taking our material cost results over the last year and half is often very positive.
Brad Halverson: I will let Mike handle, this is Brad again handle 15 and the back half but I would say the restructuring has just moved a little bit will have some of that cost move in the 2015 I would say probably roughly around the midpoint 450 is still a good number in total but some of that will over 15 and I would say the benefit by a large consistent with what we’ve talked about before but it’s not the only thing we’re doing around cost restructuring across management I would say. We talk a little bit about what we’ve done in terms of last kind of conference. We’re embracing the fact that we do have some cyclicality but I think the thing to remember is the fact that we have a lot diversity and really have one segment right now that’s not performing and it’s in the bottom of their cycle but we have a strong energy in transportation business and construction business strong in North America little concern in developing world with the margins that improve significantly. So I would say from an execution standpoint how we are managing these businesses and where we’re spending our money the good cost reduction last year, we had 500 million roughly in the first half of this year and it’s kind of part of how we’re operating there. So I feel pretty good about the fact that we have good consistent execution.
Doug Oberhelman: I will just add to it. It’s Doug Oberhelman here. The EMD acquisition in general, as Mike said, we are really happy with that business. Since we have owned tails of more than double, this is a big year, big pre-buy year for sure. We would expect and have an talking to our customers a post-buy anemia in ’15 and ’16. Based on that we modified the Tier 4 development program that was in place and we acquired EMD because we didn't really -- like what we saw in terms of the end product with that engine. In doing that we contemplated that there will be virtually no or little demand in ’15 and ’16 in North America. That’s why we’re ramped up this year. That’s why we delayed our Tier 4 program and we will have a really good offering late ’15 and ’16 in Tier 4, and not to mention, our natural gas program for locomotives is already in place and some of those will be available in fact aren't running today. So we think we really got a good program going. Our market share has gone up significantly as Mike said, in North America and outside North America sales have been fairly active as well. So we’re really pleased with EMD acquisition, more for better ones.
Doug Oberhelman: Let me just add a little bit more to that, looking back at ’12 we did 65 billion in volume at that time, this will apply to both construction, mining as well as E&T -- energy and transportation for that matter. We’ve been working hard even though on lean manufacturing which is adding capacity every day in a very lean way as we go forward that will come home to help us as well, so, you’ve seen our CapEx numbers come down the last two or three years, we invested early during this cycle to take advantage of that which we did, we built market share, so our CapEx needs are pretty well met, we think organically in the next few years at least early through the next upturn, so we’re in pretty good shape with all of that, I don’t expect to miss a sale to tell you the truth, on the way up when the business returns in mining and I’d go so far to say expect the same thing in construction. Because the lean activities we’re doing here to help us with lead times, shorten lead times and better availability. 
Doug Oberhelman: You didn’t ask this, but I just wanted to time in one more thing that I thought Mike come up but he hasn’t, if you look at the second half of the year and the first half of the year we got a headwind in the second half of the year it was a small headwind, it was the small tailwind in the first half for the year it’s going to be pretty neutral inventory absorption. We’ve had not dealer in inventory, we had a small increase in the first half and we expect that come down in the second half and finish the year a little bit, basically fairly neutral, But what that has meant is that has been a little positive in the first half of the year and it will be a little negative in the second half of the year, and that’s also one of the reasons why you’re seeing a little difference in first half and second half profit.
David Raso: Well, I'm thinking year over year, Mike. The first half of the year, you had about $1.8 billion. It was about $1.8 billion help, right, just the year-over-year changes. The second half of the year, just so I am clear, it looks like the year-over-year change will be pretty much neutral because last year third quarter, inventory went down $800 million. Last year fourth quarter, inventory went down $700 million sequentially, right, so the year over year is a bit of a push. ISI Group: Well, I'm thinking year over year, Mike. The first half of the year, you had about $1.8 billion. It was about $1.8 billion help, right, just the year-over-year changes. The second half of the year, just so I am clear, it looks like the year-over-year change will be pretty much neutral because last year third quarter, inventory went down $800 million. Last year fourth quarter, inventory went down $700 million sequentially, right, so the year over year is a bit of a push.
David Raso: Well, to that point, obviously, people watch the monthly retails and the fact is, if you look at the last three months for machines, it was still down 10, engines was also down 10. The way the guide plays out, obviously you must be looking at something from the dealers that tell you we are going to get pretty close to flat year over year in the second half. And I don't mean just one month, I mean basically for the first half and the second half, right? That is how you get to your own sales. So that moment retail turns positive, I mean obviously the stock is going to respond to that. So I am just trying to figure out am I reading that properly, that there is something you are seeing from your dealers that is telling you, you are going to have a machine number, I don't care if it is Resource, Construction, but combined those numbers are going close to flat soon as well as an engines or you couldn't have a flat Cat sales in the second half because there is no longer that big production retail gap. ISI Group: Well, to that point, obviously, people watch the monthly retails and the fact is, if you look at the last three months for machines, it was still down 10, engines was also down 10. The way the guide plays out, obviously you must be looking at something from the dealers that tell you we are going to get pretty close to flat year over year in the second half. And I don't mean just one month, I mean basically for the first half and the second half, right? That is how you get to your own sales. So that moment retail turns positive, I mean obviously the stock is going to respond to that. So I am just trying to figure out am I reading that properly, that there is something you are seeing from your dealers that is telling you, you are going to have a machine number, I don't care if it is Resource, Construction, but combined those numbers are going close to flat soon as well as an engines or you couldn't have a flat Cat sales in the second half because there is no longer that big production retail gap.
David Raso: Alright. Now that we are past 12 Eastern, I will cut it off. I'll ask you my second question off-line. But thank you very much. I appreciate it.  ISI Group: Alright. Now that we are past 12 Eastern, I will cut it off. I'll ask you my second question off-line. But thank you very much. I appreciate it. 
