Jim Umpleby: Hey Rob, it's Jim, I'll take the first part of that question and maybe ask Andrew to do the second part. So, as you mentioned dealers are independent businesses and they control their own inventory levels. Inventory levels were lower than they normally are and with that increase, we're back up to what is considered more of a normal level. I did talk about the fact that we had -- we have been successful in reducing our product lead times which also has an impact here as well. So, that gives dealers a lot more flexibility in terms of where they place orders. Andrew I'll let you have the second.
Jim Umpleby: Good morning Jamie, it's Jim. So our oil and gas guidance for the year is dependent on certainly solar having a strong fourth quarter. Solar has as you know the lead times are relatively long. They have the orders in hand to -- for the new equipment side to execute that. There's always some variability in service, but we are expecting a big fourth quarter from Solar and fully expect them to make that happen. We are also expecting in the fourth quarter some recovery in recip engine sales in North America as the Permian constraint issues continue to be resolved.
Jim Umpleby: And, again, just to expand upon how you think about the lumpiness in Solar and Rail. Obviously, if you have a big fourth quarter, there is a lot of shipments that were in the backlog, obviously the backlog will go down. Again, that's – it happens every year that's the nature of the beast.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. And certainly and again that happens every year. So -- I say every year typically, Solar in particular has a big fourth quarter, so we would expect again shipments occur, backlog goes down. But again the business continues to be healthy and good quotation activity. So we would expect that there'll be a normal seasonal pattern in Solar in terms of backlog and inventory. 
Jim Umpleby: Yes, it's a multiyear. We're going to make deliveries over a number of years and so they are new trucks. Again these are Greenfield sites. So again a lot of new technology, but the deliveries will occur not just in one year, it'll be over more than one year. 
Jim Umpleby: But I would say that Joe we certainly challenge all of our leaders to find ways to become more efficient to reduce cost. So, we still believe we have opportunities over next few years to continue to improve our cost structure. So, again, while -- as Andrew mentioned while continuing to invest in those areas particularly like services like our digital capabilities to drive long-term profitable growth.
Jim Umpleby: Yes, it's really based overall on the backlog that we have in rail for new locomotives. But certainly I mentioned earlier the one example we gave of repower. As our rail business is a direct business and there's a large service element to it as well. So, it is not completely dependent upon new locomotives sales. Having said that, of course, we are expanding internationally. We've shipped our first transit locomotives since we made the acquisition of EMD a number of years ago. So again we are not totally dependent upon new locomotives in North America. We certainly understand the environment, in which we're operating. But again what we're not talking about is an expected strong fourth quarter based on backlog on hand for the rail.
Jim Umpleby: You bet. So we have been very involved working with customers both on the recip engine side and on the gas turbine side and what people called the e-fracking opportunity. So we are well-positioned to participate in both of those areas. We have sold some gas turbines, which are generator sets that allow customers to do e-fracking. We're also working on recip solutions as well, working with customers. So I believe it will be a mix market with both and we'll see, which one is stronger in the end but we participate in both ways, both for electrification and now also both in our recip engines and with gas turbines. So we're well-positioned to play directly across the value chain.
Jim Umpleby: Hi, Jerry this is Jim. I'll take it. So we see strong quotation activity on a global basis for all commodities. So as we work directly with our customers and with our dealers there is increasing quotation activity. There's a lot of projects that are being developed. We've talked about some orders that we received. Certainly I believe and I actually hope there’ll be less volatility than will be -- that there has been in the past it will be more of a slow steady ramp up. But the quotation activity is quite strong. And again it's across all commodities.
Jim Umpleby: And we do expect our mining customers to be disciplined in their capital expenditures. So, again, that ties into my earlier comment about more of a slow steady increase than a volatile increase. And they will be again cautious and disciplined. But we expect the business to continue to improve on a slow and steady basis.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. Just to be clear, so firstly, let me start with the -- we released our retail stats this morning. And so, business is improving. So let's start with that. But certainly shortened lead times is very important. We've been on this for lean journey for a long time and having shorter lead times allows us to respond much more quickly to changes in demand.
Jim Umpleby: Ann, so good morning. Again starting -- part of the oil and gas pickup as I mentioned earlier is due to Solar where we have the backlog and the orders on hand. It's a matter of executing always some variability in service, but we feel good about that. So that is part of it. If you go to the Recip side of it, gas compression remains strong. We are expecting an increase in end-user demand for fracking that will impact our business towards the end of the year.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So we are so very committed to profitably growing our business and we're making investments to make that happen. And we are -- we talked about this at Investor Day as well that we do expect quarterly variability in our performance, but we are very much focused on improving year to year. We've talked in our call this morning about some of the issues we had in terms of lumpiness in restructuring charges and we had some inventory impact. We do have some mixed impact and we will have just given the nature of our business, we will have quarterly deviations in our performance. But we're really driving for is medium and long-term profitable growth and we're investing to make that happen. We're committed to take on -- to continue to improve our cost structure structurally. I talked about that earlier and we believe we have opportunities there over the next few years to take that on and we're very committed to that profitable growth story. But again, we will have quarterly deviations. There's no question.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. Again, what we're driving towards is profitably growing our company. And if we profitably grow our company, I believe that will be reflected in the stock price. And we're going to have -- again as we talked earlier, we expect to have another record year in earnings per share this year. It’s another record year.
Jim Umpleby: Yeah, again it's our perception of what's going to happen as the takeaway issue in the Permian are resolved. So I'll leave it there. 
Jim Umpleby: Well, thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. Just a few closing comments. We view our competitive position is very strong. We're continuing to invest to achieve our strategy of a long-term profitable growth including doubling services sales in ME&T by 2026. We had – we expect record profits this year, our second consecutive record from an EPS perspective. And as we talked about we continue to generate strong cash flow, which underpins our commitment to return substantially all free cash to shareholders through our buybacks and dividends. And as Andrew talked about if you take new account 2018 and 2019 by the end of the year, we expect to have a 9% share count reduction by the year -- by the end of the year. With that, I, thank you, for your questions and we look forward to chatting with you next quarter. 
Andrew Bonfield: On the $900 million reduction, we expect for the remainder of the year, reduction to about $900 million. I mean we are slightly at the high end; we'd like to be in the middle of the range. We keep a range for each segment. We're always comfortable being at sort of midpoint in the range. This gets us around about the midpoint from our perspective, Rob. So there would be potentially further reduction, but we were very low in that range previously. And as Jim indicated they did have some impact on availability. Ultimately at the end of the day, we want to make sure that dealers have the right amount of inventory to be able to meet customer demand and probably there was given that the challenges we've had previously there may have been some loss of sales at dealer level as a result of not being under supply quickly enough.
Andrew Bonfield: Jamie on the mix issues, obviously, the mix did have quite an impact in the quarter. If you look at we saw a small increase in volume, the sales level but a negative move in the operating profit level. Principally in CI that was mostly due to the fact that we also sold more small machines in the quarter while they have similar margins that can be quite sensitive to be able to mix impact. And then, obviously, there's also a segmental mix and those mixed within E&T similar mix issue in E&T particularly with low smaller engines being sold. And then also there's a segmental mix impact, obviously, because E&T does have very strong margins and obviously the margin deterioration impacted the reported mix as we look at variable margin in that business. All of those factors have been built into our guidance, so we have put that into why we expect to be at the low end of the range along with a delay particularly in oil and gas sales.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. Thanks, David. And – yeah, so first of all, we don't give sales guidance, so your assumption around sales maybe slightly different from our assumptions. So that may have been part of the impact that we're seeing. As Jim indicated, we do expect both rail and solar and oil and gas to pick up in the fourth quarter. All of those will have an impact and remember that obviously E&T is down for the first half of the year, when you look at that. So as you think about it from a top line perspective, there maybe some variability, we see versus where you are on your top line. With regards to margins and operating margins obviously there are seasonal factors that come into play. As we did indicate, we're all starting to see a little bit of relief from pricing – from underlying manufacturing cost increases. Obviously, the tariffs we saw – start now anniversary-ing freight costs, started to pick up in the second quarter of last year. So those factors will have less of an impact on overall manufacturing cost.  Offset against a little bit will be some variability, if we do actually take down some production. Obviously, we'll have a little bit lower inventory absorption. So those are all factors, which we weighed into our guidance. Then, obviously, we are starting to see some things like steel cost come down, steel obviously we do a lot of our steel buying on a contractual basis, and there is a lag, but we're all starting to see some of those things flow through as well into the second half.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. I mean, I think David one of the problems with focusing very much on the backlog is remind you that this is reflected about dealer demand. There would have been some elements of as a result of an ability to delays in supplying orders availability of product that dealers may actually have been putting slots in the queue and we have seen that happen before and that may have happened this time as well. Obviously, what does happen with the order backlog is it is lumpy, particularly in places like RI, rail, solar. So we are keeping an eye on it. There's nothing indicating that from a retail, if you look at the retail stats just remind you they are up again. So there's nothing indicating underlying customer demand is changing. This maybe behavior by dealers and their ordering patterns as well.
Andrew Bonfield: Based on everything that we see, we believe that overall the market demand will be stable. We have mentioned the fact that we have some competitor pricing pressures from local competitors. We're certainly taking steps to ensure our competitiveness long term in China. We're introducing a number of new GC products that will help us compete as well. But again we are -- we feel good about our forecast there in China. 
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So obviously the 9% -- around 9% is a net number. So that's niche of new issuance. So effectively given that we'd spend 3.8 last year, we expect somewhat to be in the sort of at least the 2.1 in the first quarter -- first half something similar in the second half. If you're doing about 4, you generally retire about 4.5% of the share capital each year.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. I mean let's remember that we have had quite a tough year in E&T so far. Obviously, Permian takeaway issues are resolved and drilling activity goes up that would be one area where we'd see some upside in 2020. I think if you look also at underlying demand for machines, it remains strong. So, again that's other opportunities for us as we move into 2020. We will always retain our focus on a flexible and competitive cost structure. We want to invest in the right things for the business to drive long-term profitable growth but we still always do need to make sure that we are operating as efficiently as possible and those are other areas where we will continue to see some opportunity to drive growth as we move forward.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. I think we don't respond to quarterly -- by quarter movements we're trying to drive the business for the long-term. So, Joel as we look at the cost structure we do try to make sure we got a long-term focus on that and don't do things just for short term cost-cutting measures. We can all do those. We've all seen people do those. Longer term it's not what drives you well because what tends to happen is investment then gets cut off which isn't the right thing to do for long-term shareholder value creation.
Andrew Bonfield: And so Joel just add one thing on 2020 which I did forget was about Resource Industries. I mean obviously mining we are only in the start of recovery phase and replacement cycle. There is a lot of potential still but there is to run as miners start actually bumping up CapEx. All commodities remain at investable levels so we do expect that to continue to improve as we look out as well.
Andrew Bonfield: It was a particular issue with a particular product that happened, these things do happen they do tend to be lumpy and that's been a driver in this quarter.
Andrew Bonfield: And just to add, I mean the pulp feed is at an all-time low since we've been tracking that number in 2013. So, it is an opportunity. Definitely, we do believe that now we will be starting to see replacements solvency come through.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So we did -- so Jerry part of -- as we -- as I spoke in my comments, we did see some takedown of Caterpillar inventory, finished goods inventory, so we do continue to focus on that. Obviously with lean manufacturing, we are obviously -- we don't hold a lot of finished goods inventory. Most of the inventories held actually in the component levels are actually both in. So actually that is the one thing we continue to focus on. But obviously, we will look at making sure that we don't -- as we said, we will take down dealer inventory in the second half and then we'll have some impact on production base.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So obviously, we did have -- in the first quarter, actually, we had really strong quarter. I think it was a record quarter for part sales within Resource Industries and part of that was driven by the fact obviously, its rebuilds are still continuing. Yes, there will be a mixed impact. It depends on what equipment we’re selling and the relative mix of parts versus and services versus OE. That will be part of why -- how we manage that business. Obviously, the advantage we have on OE is as you improve throughput, you do improve operating leverage. And as I say, we actually have seen these two quarters, the first and the second quarter have been the two best quarters in our eyes since 2012 when actually sales revenues were nearly doubled what they are today. So I think we will see lumpiness, we will see movement that's the nature of that business particularly given the way we actually deliver our products to customers, but we're quite comfortable with the sort of the relative margin performance. And again, we will look at them over time rather than just purely quarter-to-quarter.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. Courtney, maybe start with restructuring. The charge in the first quarter was $48 million and the second quarter was $110 million. The $48 million is inactive, so you can now always refer back to that. Most of it actually was incurred and is held within the corporate item. There is some move back into the business but very limited and very small not materially impacting their reported margins. With regards to warranty expense, we don't actually break down the analysis and manufacturing cost, but the fact we’re calling out to shows it was a significant item in the quarter. But obviously, and it did have an impact on the overall performance in RI in the comparison in Q1 versus Q2.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah, sorry. On China new products, obviously GC products are in lower price point, but had similar margins as we said before. So overall this shouldn't impact reported margins as much. Obviously, the most important thing is making sure we retain a good competitive position. This quarter was impacted in part – the reported revenues were impacted part by timing of the Chinese New Year. We did see the benefit of that in Q1, which did have a negative impact in Q2.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning. If I could turn back to oil and gas, I'd like to really understand your confidence in the fourth quarter pickup in sales. Is this products that dealers have ordered? So it's shipments to dealers? Or is it the rail end-market demand? And if you could just talk about your mix in oil and gas well completion versus drilling, so we know which one is more important to demand for your products. Thank you.
Ann Duignan: And on the fracking side, is that actually drilling or is that well completions? I'm trying to understand if this one's right or if there's more.
Ann Duignan: Okay. Appreciate that. And then my follow-up question is more, if you look back at year-to-date performance, sales are up but in fact adjusted net income is down. So Jim, should we be growing concerns, should investors be growing concerned about your commitment to profitable growth? I mean, I know you can say you're at record levels, but net income is actually down and just the basis year-to-date.
