Mike DeWalt: Yeah. When we were at MINExpo we weren’t done with the forecast, because at that it was pretty clear that it was going to come down. Order rates for both mining and construction were lower. For mining, it’s been evident that customers wanted to lower CapEx next year and we were seeing that in our orders and it was becoming pretty clear despite decent sales to end users that dealers were reducing orders to cut inventory in the third and fourth quarter. At MINExpo the sum of all of that looked around $2 billion; it ended up being more like $3 billion and that’s the change that we have in the outlook. So directionally, we were pretty; I mean we knew which direction it was going to go. We can see what was happening, we have another month under our belt, it’s going to be this year and there will probably be some reduction in the first quarter as well.
Mike DeWalt: Well, I wouldn’t view the $3 billion as entirely inventory reduction; I think this $3 billion is a combination of inventory reduction and demand is not as high as we thought. Just in general, if you look at sales to end users still positive versus year ago and along those lines I would mention that the September number was a little weaker than you might have expected and that’s because we have an extra weekend in September. We’ll have more workdays in October, so workdays were about 10% less than September. But the point is, even though sales to end users are up versus a year ago, well in positive territory, our expectation is that it was actually going to be a bit better than it’s turning out in the fourth quarter. So the decline in the outlook is both inventory and increases in demand are a little less than we thought.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, I’ll tell you what, we don't the guidance by segment, but if you were to look broadly at generally what mining companies are saying about CapEx, I think the numbers that I have seen are sort of 5% to 10% and I’ll give you some over the magnitude in the overall terms of what they are thinking.
Mike DeWalt: Vance, it’s actually been going on some slight in the second quarter; it hasn't really changed too all for much here in the last month or two, it’s a pattern that’s continued. I think basically what happened is mining companies actually have quite a bit in the order book already, we have particularly for the long lead time mining products, like large mining trucks, we have pretty good order cover for next year and I think they are just taking a wait-and-see attitude to see what happens here with China and the U.S. elections and to get some direction on next year before they start ordering again.
Mike DeWalt: Well, actually China has continued to be pretty weak. In fact, I would say that’s one of the reasons why our finished inventory hasn’t come down. Maybe a little bit faster. You know, we were thinking we would start seeing at least a little bit of a pick up here in the fourth quarter. Within the economy there, they are going to accelerate some infrastructure spend. Now they have taken monetary policy easing sentiment on the ground from the dealers is a bit better but in terms of translating it into sales, I would say hasn’t happened yet. So the selling season is, sort of mid-February on. So, probably not going to see much till then.
Mike DeWalt: As he said, the only thing I would add to that in terms of the government officials is I think it’s quite clear from the discussions as they’re trying to moderate the stimulus maybe more effectively than they did back in the ’08, ’09 timeframe where they felt things really got overheated. And we look at that as a positive, but there will be a point in time when we look back on 2012 and I think, we’ll be pleased with the fact that China slowed and put this thing under more control. I guess it’s going to be better for our business, better for our business model over the long pull. 
Mike DeWalt: Well, we don’t, we have never disclosed that, we put out a backlog for the total company. We don’t even; we are not even splitting that by segments. What I would tell you though is the decline in the backlog occurred in all three major segments I mean it wasn’t all mining; it was a combination of mining, construction and Power Systems. And again most would have been construction and Power Systems and its mining companies are taking delivery certainly on products that they have ordered, in fact our sales of mining equipment in the third quarter for Resource Industries were up 13% from a year ago. But they are not ordering much. Again, I think they are taking a wait and see. They have CapEx expectations next year that are a little bit lower than this year. So we are seeing that in the backlog. For construction, it’s a little more about I think the short-term issue. I mean with construction it’s not long lead time product, no dealers try to keep on hand or have orders that are let’s just say in the ballpark of delivery times from us so kind of a few month sales. It’s been orders on construction have been quite low over the past few months, actually improving a little bit as we have gone through. Well below their sales to end users the order rate. So what that means is as those orders over the last quarter kind of move into our production schedules for the fourth quarter and the first quarter. It means that there should be fairly significant reductions in the inventory. And then again I think that's a temporary situation. Dealers can't go on for very long time selling or ordering less than they are selling. We’ll see that for probably a couple of quarters, but then it has to move backup in line with selling rates.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, I think the [OE] side is where, I mean order rates are dropped, I mean for parts we are shipping about 24 hours. So our order backlog for parts is usually limited to about a day. So it that doesn't really play much into the order backlog numbers. The decline would definitely be OE and again, we know we have pretty good visibility in the backlog. We not had massive cancellations but, I wouldn’t say, we haven't had any, but the primary reason, the backlog is come down as they have just eased off ordering. I think it’s only to get a better picture for what next year is going to look like.
Mike DeWalt: It’s a little above. I mean, we do from the top down, we do an economic forecast. We try to translate that into what we think that means, region-by-region sort of product-by-product category around the world. And then we play in to that from a bottoms-up standpoint. The uniqueness that’s going on in individual products, you have new products or you’re having a particular push into a region, do dealers have unique things going on in the territory. So it's a little bit of a combination. It's kind of a top down in economic view coupled with bottoms-up view of the territories and the products and the product dynamics. So it's a little bit of both.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, I can do a little bit of that. Under the kind of qualification that we [haven’t] really provided profit guidance and to a large degree, we're still working on the details of next year’s plan. But certainly, one of the things for sure you would have to take into consideration is in the third quarter of this year we had the third-party logistics sale gain. That was $273 million pretax in the third quarter. We're not going to sell that thing twice. So that will definitely come out. Sales mix, as you mentioned, that would lot likely be a little bit negative. We have some decline in mining next year, some increase in construction. We’ll make a little more money in mining and we’ll do construction. So to your point, that would not signal a positive sales mix. We’ve been investing for the future and our CapEx has been a little up, probably a little bit less than $4 billion this year. So that means the depreciation next year will be a little bit higher. Kind of the flipside of that though is we’ve done a pretty good job on managing the factories; we’ve held our fixed cost growth, so I think in terms of managing costs we’ve done a good job, efficiency in the factories, all-in is held up pretty well, we do have some pricing next year, we announced, not huge, but some price increase for next year that would certainly be positive. I think those are probably some of the bigger things to think about. I guess the last point that I would make, is that this year even with what we’re expecting to take out in inventory in the fourth quarter, we’ll still end up this year with an inventory increase and we would certainly be planning on inventory decrease next year. Order magnitude, we’re still working on, and that will likely be a little bit negative for profit as well.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, I think it depends a little bit on how next year plays out. Dealer inventory, by and large they’ll have somewhere in the, by historic standards around 3.25 months to 3.50 months of inventory. So it will really depend upon what sales are looking like towards the end of next year in terms of how much they will have. But I think if you look at selling rates today they have more than that, a pretty good size, a chunk of what we took out of not all of it certainly, some of that will come from our inventory, but we would expect to make pretty good reductions in dealer inventory in the fourth quarter, probably again in first quarter, but may be a little bit less than the fourth quarter, not because they don’t have more to do, but because commonly in the first quarter dealers build inventory for the selling season. So I think the specifics of how it’s going to play out by quarter will probably depend on next year and how confident dealers get in the second quarter, but certainly down $ 1 billion or $2 billion from where they are at now.
Mike DeWalt: Well it’s actually a little above, in fact if you look at the purchase content and our work-in-process and raw material inventory, we actually took that down several hundred million dollars in the third quarter. So in fact in the cash flow for the third quarter, payables were a little bit less of a help and partly that's because we’ve cut the front end of that inventory pipeline. I think if you look at what will happen in the fourth quarter, it will probably less work-in-process and production stores in a bit more of the finished goods as we try to take that down.
Mike DeWalt: Before I answer the point on mining, this whole first half second half thing, I would just like to clarify, just a little bit. We are not looking for a Hail Mary second half of the year; that is a big increase after a decrease in the first half; that is not what we were predicting, we are not out there expecting a big economic recovery in the second half; it’s going to somehow save the year from a weak first half. I think what we’re saying is it’s going to be bit of a whole probably is not the right word but a pretty stable year. Our sales will probably be a little bit lower in the first half relative to the normal seasonality just because we're still working on dealer inventory. So I think it's worth noting that we're not backing on a giant second half of the year to somehow bail the year out. I think with regard to mining in general, I would say we couldn't be more positive about the long-term potential for mining. I mean the world’s population is continuing to go up, more and more people are moving into the middle class as standard of livings improve. Those are big commodity drivers. I think long-term we're very comfortable with mining. In the short-term, there are economic swings. The developed world particularly China are big incremental users of [Technical Difficulty] commodities. In 2012, their growth rates tipped down and it's been negative at least for a while to commodity prices. It's given miners an opportunity to take a breather. And that’s okay. That’s a normal economic situation that happens. That doesn’t I don't think change the longer-term view of mining which in our view is actually quite positive. So, I think that next year should be a fairly steady as she goes year overall, but with us probably selling a little less in the first half of the year because we know dealers are cutting inventory. I don't know if that answered it but. 
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. If we look at the lower level components, actually we’re not forecasting a very significant change up or down in sort of those different end markets, industrial, marine, oil and gas, the forecast even by account lower level is not dramatically different. So, there is, I would say the mix is probably, maybe just a slight bit negative in that. One of the segments that will probably have some growth after a pretty poor year in 2012 is industrial, that’s been down quite a bit so far this year. I think that’s looking at may be a little bit of improvement next year. But even as I say that the change overall is fairly flat the change even below that level is not very dramatic. 
Mike DeWalt: Well, couple of very good question Ross, couple of things one, just in terms of shifting around customers we tend to be certainly the premium product there and although sales are depressed in China not very good, we’ve tended to do a little bit better than the market overall, so in a down market we are doing okay. In terms of the inventory part of your question, I think the way I would describe is we have made steady inventory reductions in China, both us and dealers have finished inventory. But its not been as fast as we would have thought and its not because we are producing anymore than we were expecting, it’s because the sales have just remained pretty low. We have not really seen a pickup there yet. So a part of the inventory reduction that we were expecting as we march through the year, we were thinking, we would get a little bit of help from sales which isn’t happening. So I think if you look at how weak it is there. My guess is the rest, and I don't know their stuff, our competitors don’t report their inventories to me. But if they are anything like us, it’s probably a case where it’s going down but not as fast as we would all like. I think it will, it’s probably going to remain elevated until the selling season starts and that would probably begin mid-February that's the first opportunity I think for a more meaningful reduction. 
Mike DeWalt: Ann, with the logistics business, okay, we have actually several things going on with acquisitions and divestitures. We’ve bought Siwei in the quarter that’s a Chinese underground coal company; a year ago we bought MWM or not quite a year ago and then we sold a part of the logistics business, so there are pieces coming in and pieces going out. I think for the logistics piece in and of itself, if you look at our all other segments, most of the sales decline there was logistics, it’s a bit little less than $100 million a month in terms of sales, but then again, we have an add-on for Siwei as well. So we have things that are going in both directions, overall certainly from a topline perspective the net of them isn’t going to be a big difference next year. So in other words when we talk about our expectations then next year is kind of plus or minus the same as this year, we didn’t mention acquisitions, because we have some coming in and some going out.
Mike DeWalt: No, it’s less, it’s a bit less than that; you can look at our release today based on when we sold it, we had absence of about two months of sales; it would have been less than $200 million in the quarter impact.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, Rob, just comment on the whole hours work question. I think if we use our aftermarket business as probably a reasonable indicator of that. It would tell us that activity levels and actually if you look at mine production levels as well, they look pretty good. I think the one place where that’s not the case where versus a year ago, it's actually down, is eastern coal in the US. So actually that’s the one spot of weakness certainly in the aftermarket a part of it. In terms of your cancellation question, yeah, there have been some cancellations. It's not been usually significant. For the most part, what customers have done, it is two things.  One; you can see this based on the backlog, there is not a lot of new order activity, for new equipment and of course the aftermarket piece is just cycled through. And two, we had some pushed outs; we had some sales, shipments that we would have thought, would have come in the fourth quarter of this year that our pushed in the ’13, some from the ’13 pushed beyond that. So it's a combination of lower orders and some delays, not big cancellations.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. A couple of things, sales to users in let’s say North America, the rate of growth has slowed down a little bit, now again September, it’s a little bit unusual we had four weekends last year in September, the way the calendar fell this year we had five, so the flipside of that it will happen in October. So, September, I think because of the calendar was probably a little weaker month. But, if you go back to the fourth quarter of last year, North America was up like, close to 50%, I mean it was up a lot, there was, I think a little bit of probably extra buying in the sales to users because of the depreciation rules at the time, probably a little bit of a pull forward if you will under the fourth quarter I think particularly the dealer a dealer level. So I would fully expect that if you are looking at year-over-year growth rates, I expect those growth rates to come down a little bit in North America; that doesn’t mean that sales to users or kind of sequentially seasonally adjusted getting worst, it just means that the fourth quarter of last year was quite a bit better than the second, third quarter a year ago.  We are reasonably constructive on US in terms of construction activity, housing, really does seem to be on demand I mean it’s not blooming but it really seems to have turned to corner and is getting a little better. So that should help if we can get this election and year end tax and spending cliff dealt with I think there is opportunity for comps even to get a little bit better. So I think we are fairly constructive you said the western hemisphere, so I will move to Latin America.  In Brazil which is one of our more important countries in Latin America in terms of sales, we’ve had a pretty steady improvement year-over-year in terms of sales to end users. I mean the government there has been constructive I think on monetary and credit policies. We have seen our sales to users or dealers delivers to end users get better. But I think we are, I would say we are reasonably positive on that as we move forward as well. I don’t know Andy that I answered all your questions. 
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, Argentina has been just quite severe declines there. And I think, if you look at our sales in Latin America too, you have a little bit of a different situation. The construction business in Brazil, dealers have actually been cutting inventory there a little bit, actually in the country of Brazil the inventories went down a little bit in the quarter. So our sales there are little bit less then real demand already. And on that as the demand continues to increase there and the dealers get their inventory in line at some point here orders and sales of hours we will start matching and we will get close to that user demand, so that's a temporary thing.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, I think our view of this [hour], if you look at what happened in the fourth quarter a year ago, just a shift in their both sales and profitability going from third to fourth, there is an up tick, they just historically have made a higher portion of their profit in sales in the fourth quarter, so we would be looking for that to improve in the fourth quarter as well.
Doug Oberhelman: Mike let me add in here. It’s Doug Oberhelman. I want to just add on China little bit. Mike is exactly right. We don’t see anything concrete differently today than we have over the last few months. However, we were just there two weeks ago. All of us with our Board of Directors were October meeting. We met with all of our distributors in China and most of them in Asia and I would say for the first time that I’ve talked to them in a while. As Mike said, the attitude is better and their outlook is better without concrete orders in hand however. We heard, I would say, story after story of positive anecdotes from their customers inside China but none of them yet are on the order books that the presidential transition or the leadership transition happens in the first half of November. Unanimously, they all believe that’s a water shedder that we all know that. They also look for substantial change whatever that means by Chinese New Year which typically is a selling season over there anyway. But, these are anecdotes at this point, but I would note that it’s the first positive anecdotes we’ve had across the board inside China in some time. So, we all are somewhat encouraged without any concrete things to put it in our pocketbook as yet.
Doug Oberhelman: Well, they’ve had the easing spec at open or almost all year, we’ve seen increased levels of building permitting this year over last year. We’ve also seen in the last six weeks or so a major infrastructure effort announced. I suspect all of that is aimed after presidential or leadership transition and most of that’s aimed towards spring of next year which is kind of a confluence of events that around Chinese New Year but half of this is going to happen and if it doesn’t we’re in for another kind of slow year in 2013. But right now, the hand, the cards in the hand are looking better than they have for a while. But not, I would emphasize, nothing concrete in terms of orders as yet.
Doug Oberhelman: Yeah, it’s Oberhelman. I want to pile on again on China and inventory. We have been reluctant to massively lower inventory suddenly and we are doing in a very measured way. Most of our production there today is for export around the world. We need more capacity; we have it today, but frankly I am worried about any kind of recovery in China and not having inventory ready. So we have done this in a very measured fashion, all the way down this year and I would expect that to continue; while we want inventory down, and we’re a bit high, we cannot let us ourselves in to a position where we don’t have inventory to match the market when it that recover and we will be there, I suspect fairly soon and again it comes back to what happens with demand on the ground inside China going into ‘13 and we’ll know this; we’re going to know this likely in the first quarter which way is it going.
