Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks Rob for your question. We're always focused on remaining competitive in the markets that we serve around the world, and we certainly factor that into all pricing decisions. It's not a one size fits all situation. We do pay attention to the different dynamics and the different markets we serve. We are comfortable with our competitive position. Again, it's always something that we focus on, so…
Jim Umpleby: Yes, David, of course, as you can imagine here in this call, we're not going to talk about 2023 and what our expectations are for profit. But again, we are pleased at the way that the team performed in the year. And we talked about the fact that we still have supply chain struggles that we're dealing with, but we also have strong demand across most of our end markets.
Jim Umpleby: Yes, and so much depends, Jamie, of course, on what happens with the supply chain. And as you mentioned, what happens with demand as well. If in fact supply chain situation improves and we're not making a prediction at this point. We've started to see some pockets of improvement and other areas remain very challenged. But if in fact supply chain situation improves, one would expect dealers would try to get their inventories including rental fleets up to a more typical level. But again, so much depends upon the two big variables there are supply chain and of course what happens in the end markets in terms of demand.
Jim Umpleby: Well, certainly, as we mentioned, we do see our customers displaying capital discipline. However, we do see as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a lot of strength in oil and gas. I mean, reciprocating engines is an area of strength. Solar turbines, their order rates have improved quite substantially, which should help us in 2023. So one of these to keep in mind, of course, is that customers need to maintain oil and gas production to maintain a certain level of production requires continued investment to just to maintain a flat level of production. And so, again, we are certainly encouraged by the signs that we see in terms of the order rates that are coming and based on the conversations we're having with customers. We feel good about our prospects there.
Jim Umpleby: Yes, Tim, thanks. I mean, actually, the biggest single factor that we are focused on rather than actually just pricing a freight at the moment is actually utilization of freight, because one of the challenges has been actually the amount of freight we've had to use in order to get components around to actually build machines. That's been probably the bigger driver of some of the increase that we've seen. The second part is, yes, you are correct. Freight and spot rates are coming down. We tend to contract normally six to 12 months in advance. So we have not yet seen the benefit of those lower rates. And those lower rates are some things we are favorable on, for example, roll on, roll off. We're actually favorable to the current market, but obviously container freight is coming down as well. So we’re seeing some favorability on that in the spot market. Obviously, we’ll expect some of that to flow through as we move into 2023.
Jim Umpleby: Thanks for your question. One of the things to keep in mind is that our margin targets are progressive, which means that we need to achieve higher operating margins as sales increase. And in a moderate inflationary environment, which we saw for many years, sales increases typically are led by higher volumes and the benefit of the operating leverage associated with those higher volumes helps us achieve our progressive margins. In the environment where we are in today, where a relatively larger portion of the sales increase is due to price realization. There’s less operating leverage, which makes the delivery of those progressive margins more challenging to achieve. So part of it is just a math issue in terms of where the sales increase comes from? Is it primarily volume? Or is it primarily price and the impact on operating leverage. Having said that, our focus is closing out the year as strongly as possible in the fourth quarter. But that’s really the issue. It’s the issue around just the math and the assumptions that we made around our margin targets when we set them.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. It really depends on the specifics of what happens to demand, what happens to how much does the supply chain ease. There’s really so many variables there that it’s difficult to predict. Again, as we look at our dealer increase we just had, the inventory increase you just had, most of the increases related to timing differences between when we ship products to dealers and when they actually complete orders to customers. So again, we look forward to next year, it depends on demand. It depends on how much the supply chain eases and a number of other issues.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So the profitability around diesel engine versus batteries. There’s a lot of puts and takes there. And again, we are still working our way through what our services model would be and all that. We are excited about the opportunities that exist. And one of the things that we believe positions us very well is the fact that we have an energy and transportation segment, which allows us to have additional opportunities with our mining customers to help them get the site ready. So just to resolve any confusion, the trucks that we start shipping next year for that mine will not be 100% battery trucks. So I think that was inherent in your question. So they’re diesel electric trucks. Just to clarify that and that can be a misunderstood my statement.
Jim Umpleby: We’re working closely with our suppliers and as I think all companies are doing, thinking about our supply chain, and certainly, resilience is very important. And of course, given the capital-intensive nature of our business and our suppliers, it isn’t easily to make changes quickly, but we are working closely with our suppliers trying to ensure that we have second sources and as many cases. In most instances, we’re doing things in our factories as well to really try to anticipate issues that are happening. There’s no single magic button that we can push to make these issues go away. Again, it really comes down to our teams and our factories working to be creative to find ways to mitigate disruptions and again, working with our suppliers to try to get as much supply as we can get.
Jim Umpleby: If we step back and think about it from a global macro perspective, certainly, the increased investment in oil and gas benefits our business and that’s been driven by a whole variety of issues. The situation in Europe is only one of them. But as an example, if in fact the U.S. looks to export more LNG as an example, Caterpillar participates across a wide portion of that natural gas value chain where engines are used for drilling, our engines, reset engines drive ship compressors for gas gathering. We’re very involved at the well servicing side now with our acquisition from where oil and gas, we play a larger portion there. Our solar gas turbines driving our [indiscernible] natural gas compressors compress gas down the pipelines. So as an example, there is a drive for more LNG. Again, that that would benefit our business. So again, a lot – there are a lot of factors there that are driving, of course, the dynamics in the oil and gas business. But our participation there, again, I believe, stands to benefit from just the increased investment that most believe will happen over the next few years.
Jim Umpleby: Yes, great example is the HS2 project in the UK, right, where a lot of Caterpillar equipments being used. So infrastructure in Europe is important. And a lot of that, of course, is government support.
Jim Umpleby: Yes, it’s difficult to make a comparison to prior situations. But of course, we’ve been in a situation where the demand for our products that support residential housing has been very strong. So we’ve had very high order levels. We have talked about some softening there, but one of the things to keep in mind is, of course, that residential only represents about 25% of CI sales and the rest is non-residential. And non-residential remains more resilient due to – for a whole variety of subjects and certainly, they’re more reasoning to rate increases, just to do capital planning cycles. Think about all the investments that are being made by governments around infrastructure, so that helps as well. But honestly, I don’t have a good answer for your question in terms of how this compares to previous slowing in residential. Again, there’s lots of predictions as to how that will play over the next few years. But again, demand for our products in CI at a macro level still remains quite robust.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. But certainly, we continue to closely monitor the global macroeconomic environment. Part of our – the strategy we laid out in 2017 was a competitive and flexible cost structure. So we’ve demonstrated the ability to take action when we need to take action. Having said that, as we sit here today, we continue to see healthy demand across most of our end markets. I mean we have strong orders. Our dealer inventory remains towards the low end of the typical range. So again, we have demonstrated the ability to have a flexible cost structure and direct quickly when we need to. Think about 2020 a year when COVID hit, we had a pandemic induced significant decline in our sales. We still met our margin targets that year. So again, we know what to do. But as we sit here today, even though we’re watching things very closely, we continue to see healthy demand across most of our end markets.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. I wouldn’t say that there aren’t areas that won’t normalize. So it’s a mixed bag. So in certain areas, we still have real challenges. And again, the supply chain in certain areas have gotten a bit better. But in terms of manufacturing efficiencies, if anything, they’ve gotten a bit worse as opposed to getting better in the last quarter.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. Honestly, it is a mixed bag. Caterpillar, as you know, has a very diverse product line, and we have a very diverse group of suppliers, thousands of suppliers around the world, and there isn’t one answer there. So we continue to see semiconductor availability challenges are impacting things like engine control modules, which have an impact on many of our products. So that’s still a challenge even though, certainly, we follow what happens in the semiconductor industry, and we’ve read about some of the improvements for the ones that we use. And again, those that go into ECMs, that’s still a bit of a challenge. My sense is that – so many suppliers that are struggling now are quite reluctant to make any kind of predictions because many people have made predictions since we’ve gone into the situation that have proved to be wrong about improvement. So again, what we’re doing is working with them as closely as we can to help them get as much supply out as they can. And as we mentioned earlier, to try to mitigate the impact of those shortages in our factories and that’s really our focus.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So again, as we think about any pricing actions for next year, obviously, we’re always are focused on maintaining our competitive position in the market and we think about that in terms of any future pricing decisions.
Jim Umpleby: You bet. Thank you. And thanks all of you for your questions. Just one more time to thank our global team for performing very well in a challenging environment, increasing sales by 21%. As we mentioned, our backlog and sales to users increased, which are positive demand indicators as we look ahead. Adjusted operating profit margins improved by 280 basis points. We expect a strong fourth quarter with sales and margin improvement in addition to continued strong cash flow. And of course, we remain focused on executing our strategy for long-term profitable growth. Again, thanks to all of you.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes, Steve as we – as I indicated effectively manufacturing costs was slightly adverse to our expectations. That was why margins overall came in slightly lower than we had anticipated. Most of that is due, and it is a relatively small, this as a result of manufacturing inefficiencies. We don't break down manufacturing costs for a number of reasons. They do vary and all the buckets do vary quarter-on-quarter, but you are absolutely correct. Once we get past the supply chain bottleneck, we do believe these inefficiencies will normalize. For example, they may be including things like additional labor in the factories which are there to help support out of process work as we keep continuing to make sure we get machines out as quickly as possible. That will normalize when supply chain changes on normal. So we will expect that to moderate over time as we go forward.
Andrew Bonfield: And David, as we consistently said this year, it is an unusual year from a shape of earnings perspective, because normally as you know, we start the year very strong from a margin perspective and margins move downwards as we go through the year. This year that is actually inverting the other way. So obviously that is part of that which we'll have to come back to when we talk about 2023, how the shape of that year will look as a result of those changes in market dynamics. So – and I'll remind you that obviously the fourth quarter is our highest – normally our highest quarter from a revenues perspective. That's consistently been the way for Caterpillar.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. And just to remind you that dealers are independent businesses, so they make their own decisions about the inventory is not something we can control. So they will actually build it based on what they – their expectations of the outlook as well.
Andrew Bonfield: And then from a planning side, obviously, one of the things we do is we do various scenarios. And obviously, yes, we do look at what’s happened, looking at that, try to then work through what the implications of that would be on production levels and how we would manage through that and then obviously trying to build in at the same time, demand signals. So it’s a very dynamic process. It’s one that most large companies, as you would imagine, go through. The complexity for us is just the scope and scale of Caterpillar. In that obviously, you’ve got running this through 100-odd plants and so forth. So it is a lot of work and people are working very hard as we speak, getting ready through for the 2023 planning cycle.
Andrew Bonfield: And then just always as a reminder, any move to further renewables is benefits us and particularly in our mining business, again as a result of the increased need for commodities in order to help with that transition. So ultimately, that does have benefits. Because the other thing just to remind you is there are some infrastructure initiatives in Europe which are obviously helping to keep some level of demand going. Obviously, the macro is obviously, as you know, and as we spoke a little bit negative, but obviously, those are offsetting benefits for us.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. And in terms of value, they are higher now than they were in Q2 and Q1. And obviously, that is something we’re monitoring and keeping a very close eye on most of the manufacturing inefficiencies. It’s not just how the process works. It is actually labor related. And part of that is obviously in an environment where we still see strong demand signals. You don’t want to – even though your labor may be slightly higher than you would need for the level of production you’ve got you will actually keep those people working in the plants because there’s plenty for them to do. So that is the main cause of inefficiency that we’re seeing today.
Andrew Bonfield: As regards the run rate, obviously, just to highlight, we’re not talking about 2023 yet, but just think about the fourth quarter. We are actually wrapping some price increases that we saw in the third quarter – fourth quarter of last year. So we will see slight moderation of price in the fourth quarter, still very strong. Obviously, that will help us as we move into 2023. But obviously, as Jim said, we’re not yet into that situation where we have a plan that we can give you. And obviously, competitive positioning is obviously critical as part of that.
