Jim Umpleby: You bet. Good morning, Rob. This is Jim. As we indicated in our prepared remarks, we do expect 2021 to be a better year than 2020 for us. We expect higher sales. But just given the uncertainty around the pandemic, the rollout of the vaccine, the resulting impact on the global economy, although we expect tit o be a better year. It's difficult for us to quantify how much better it will be just based on the pandemic. And we mentioned several bright spots whether we - continued strength in China, continued strength in residential activity in the United States, which drives our smaller construction business. We’re generally - continue to be bullish on mining still some concerns around heavy construction and quarry and ag, which impact Resource Industries. But again, it’s – it isn't so much a concern about downside as it is uncertainty as to how much better things will get this year.
Jim Umpleby: Well, good morning Ann. We expect starting with your question about solar, we expect solar to have a relatively flat year to 2020. We do believe their services will be up a bit again if there's still uncertainty out there. But our current view is that seller will be about flat year-to-year. We expect power generation to have a stronger year and a lot of that is driven by data center activity. We expect industrial engine activity to strengthen during the year. We do expect in rail to see continued low levels of sales of new locomotives in North America, but we do expect stronger activity internationally for sale of locomotives and also services as well. Marine, I would expect to remain at a relatively low level in the first quarter compared with the fourth quarter of 2020. 
Jim Umpleby: Good morning, David. Always good to hear from you. Starting with a question about our portfolio and the way we're positioned. I feel quite good about the way we're positioned. You stop and think about the potential impact on our Resource Industries business over time, particularly in mining as the energy transition occurs, thinking about the commodities that will be required both in terms of investments and infrastructure, electric vehicles. Again, I believe we're very well positioned in our eye to take advantage of that. We also, as when you asked the question last quarter, I talked about the fact that we do intend to continue to support our customers both during and after the transition. And so I believe we're well-positioned to do that. So, again, we continue to work closely with our customers. We continue to invest in new products. Again, last quarter when you asked the question, we talked about some of the things that we're doing in terms of investments with new products and we have an all-electric switch locomotive. We've done things to help make our oil and gas customers more sustainable whether it be an engine that allows them to substitute up to 85% natural gas, substituting natural gas for diesel fuel for well servicing. We're doing things in terms of allowing oil and gas customers to reduce flaring. So again, a whole variety of things that we're doing and we're investing in to support our customers both during and after the energy transition. In terms of your question about services. Certainly, our goal is an ambitious goal and we said that when we introduced that goal and we certainly recognize that it is ambitious, but we're very focused on this as a business. We've been making investments over the last few years in our digital capabilities and our - many of our processes and our models and we're going to work hard to leverage those connected assets and those investments that we've made to grow services going forward. And we think that represents just an excellent opportunity for future profitable growth over the next few years.
Jim Umpleby: Well Jamie thanks for your question and good morning and certainly we are very proud of our team and the fact that we were able to achieve our investor day targets this year despite the fact that we continue to invest in services and expanded offerings and new products and positioning ourselves for long-term profitable growth. As we said in investor day our measure of profitable growth is absolute OPEC dollars and we believe that by growing absolute OPEC dollars that will drive long-term TSR. So certainly we're always looking across the business to find ways to improve our competitiveness, to improve our footprint, to improve cost of our back office operations. So that's a never-ending journey that we're on but we really are growing, attempting to grow long-term absolute OPEC dollars as opposed to just squeezing higher margins out. Again margins will fluctuate over time but again keep in mind two things one is we we're very focused on meeting those investor day targets in terms of margins and free cash flow and we're also very focused on growing absolute OPEC dollars to grow long-term TSR.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. We are not going to disclose a discrete number for R&D and CapEx in 2021 but just to make some general comments here we certainly are very committed to continue to invest in our products. One of the things that did impact R&D in 2020 was the lack of stip so keep that in mind as well. That is part of the calculation but we're very committed and we talked about the GX product line. We talked about some of the other investments that we're making in new products and that's something that we will continue to do. We talked about the fact that we recognize there is an energy transition occurring and we are investing in and will continue to invest in new technologies that will allow us to support our customers moving forward. In terms of CapEx one of the things we worked very hard on is lean operations to get more production out of existing bricks and mortar. So rather than continue to build factories we may not need at certain points in the cycle we're really focused on manufacturing flexibility, working across that value chain, reducing lead times, becoming more lean to try to meet those fluctuations in demand in a cost-effective manner.
Jim Umpleby: Certainly. As I mentioned we mean we continue to be optimistic about our mining business that quotation activity is strong. Certainly, base metal markets support additional activity, number of parked mining trucks has declined and I will keep in mind of course RI includes heavy construction of quarry and aggs. So there is some uncertainty there and that business is relatively subdued that could be help stimulus programs but it this point that is relatively depressed but again in mining we are quite bullish. So again as we look at our autonomous solution we believe we have a competitive advantage there and we expect strong activity in new equipment. We expect strong activity in parts. Keep in mind of course our business is quite lumpy both in RI and ENT we will see the fluctuations quarter-to-quarter but again the medium and long term trend were quite bullish on and again I mentioned the energy transition we are very well-positioned to take advantage of that and resource industries.
Jim Umpleby: Thank you. As I mentioned we did make a conscious decision. We talk with this in previous earnings calls that we would hold some additional inventory to mitigate the potential disruptions on our supply chain of COVID just given the uncertainty of the trajectory of the pandemic and our decision was not to hold finished goods inventory but to hold that inventory in a lean way in components and further up the value chain. So at this point we haven't seen major issues in terms of supply disruptions. So far so good on that count, so based on everything we see today we are confident in our ability to meet demand going forward.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So again as I mentioned earlier, we are continually looking for ways to improve our competitiveness and reduce our cost structure. That means evaluating not just our capacity but also our footprint and where we are. We previously publicly announced the decision to close [indiscernible] operations to get to move closer to our customers and also to reduce cost. So again, in my view that needs to be something that we continually do and it isn't just our factories and brick-and-mortar is also looking at our back office operations as well. And again, always finding ways to improve our cost structure and be more competitive. So really the restructuring that we put in again is more reflective of our continuous journey to improve our competitiveness.
Jim Umpleby: Certainly. We do continue to see a strong pull for automation on autonomy economy by our mining customers and again we believe it delivers tremendous value. We have had customers say publicly that they are seeing productivity increases of 30% against their best man sites. Again it's got a safety component for them as well. That helps improve the utilization of their equipment which is so important and we do feel strongly that we have competitive advantage with our autonomous solution and generally it requires a certain size in terms of mine, in terms of number of trucks for the capital investment to make sense but we are continually working on it as well. So there is a lot of opportunity going forward in mining with autonomy and you make a very good point now we are starting to deploy some of those technologies. We've a lot of programs in work to deploy a lot of that technology whether it's autonomy, semi-autonomy, remote control many of those same kinds of technologies into construction industries and it is a one-size-fits-all if it happens over time, but again we do believe there's [indiscernible] ability of many of those technologies to our construction business over time and that something that we are working very hard on and again it’s part of our R&D plan.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks everyone for joining this morning. We greatly appreciate your questions. Caterpillar faced many challenges in 2020. We are very proud of how our team responded. We met the operating margin target we communicated during our 2019 Investor Day while importantly continuing to invest and expanded offerings and services to secure our long-term future and our team did this while having the best year on record for employee safety. And as I mentioned earlier we fully intend to emerge in a pandemic [indiscernible] company. Thank you again.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. Thanks, Jerry. It's Andrew, and good morning. Yes, I mean, the big driver is really volume. As I said, the fact that we expect a more normal seasonable dealer buying pattern ahead of the spring selling season. And if you recall last year, we only had about $100 million of dealer inventory increase in Q1. That is a big factor, obviously, from a volume perspective. And given the operating leverage that we have in the business, that enables us to more than offset the step increase. We continue to monitor and control costs. We are in an environment where everybody is obviously focused on making sure every dollar counts and that will continue as we go forward. That is something which will obviously continue until we start seeing stronger recoveries and obviously continue to make sure that we are investing in the business. As Jim said, we continue to invest in services. We continue to invest in new products that's really critical for our long-term growth.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. Most just said I think we guided my notes between $1 billion and $1.2 billion for CapEx this year 2021 which is our more normal level. Obviously 2020 was disrupted a little bit as well because obviously the impact of COVID some of the things projects would normally have happened have been deferred and delayed.
Andrew Bonfield: And then just from the accounting perspective to refer to the fact why we excluding it from adjusted profit per share as I said in my remarks let me get to a base level which is between $100 million and $200 million. It is effectively a level with no material and therefore it doesn't warrant us adjusting profit per share for that given the size and spend the magnitude of the spend $354 million and as we say we expect a similar level maybe slightly higher in 2021 that does require us to be consistent with where we have been in historic periods. And therefore to exclude it. I know it's, it closes you guys some challenge because you have to go back and restate your models but unfortunately it is one of those things which from the disclosure perspective is good practice for us to do. As regards what spend is obviously some of the spend will be ongoing programs as Jim mentioned but some of those programs actually do have it on multiyear program. They are not just a single year and so some of that spend does recur. So obviously we are not doing a big restructuring program. We are not announcing anything which comes your question about on some of the backs the questions about more structural long-term concerns. This is just really about tweaking, making sure we're doing the right thing to drive our cost price.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes, Steve thank you and one of the things obviously you would normally have expected in the year where there is a downturn to see a working capital inflows this year in 2020 obviously because of the decision we took around inventories to make sure we held a little bit of extra inventory to buffer against supply disruption and/or demanding changes we have, we will be in an situation in 2021 where we don't expect a big build of inventory so that helps our free cash flows which gives us confidence that will be out to deliver our free cash flow targets in 2021. The other thing just to remember on working capital and cash flow basis is obviously last year in 2020 we paid about $700 of short-term incentive compensation. We will not have that in 2021. So that will be again a strong boost to our cash position as we go through the year but the one thing I would say that to me, that has been really remarkable is to remind you again in year of significant turmoil where we have held sort of additional inventory we are still been able to generate free cash flow of $3.1 billion. This is a hugely cash generating company in one which I think sometimes investors do underappreciate.
