Donald James Umpleby: Thank you, Amy. I'd like to start by thanking and congratulating our team for excellent results this quarter. Sales and revenues were up 25% from the third quarter of 2016, and adjusted profit per share is well over double what it was one year ago. Overall, we're seeing broad-based sales increases across a number of industries in all regions. We continue to see strength in China construction. Onshore oil and gas in North America is also strong. Construction activity in North America was up compared to last year, and we're seeing increased order activity by mining customers. Our profit margins continued to improve in our three primary segments. The improved margins are driven by higher sales volume, price realization primarily in Construction Industries, and our team's focus on cost discipline. Material costs were a slight headwind in the third quarter, and we expect this trend to continue. With this more widespread increase in sales, we have raised our full-year top line outlook. We now expect full-year 2017 sales and revenues of about $44 billion. And as a result of our team's strong performance, we are raising our 2017 adjusted profit per share outlook to about $6.25. We know product availability is a concern in some areas. We continue to work with our supply chain to increase production levels to satisfy customer demand for those markets that are improving. I'm also pleased with our progress in executing our new strategy for profitable growth based on operational excellence, expanded offerings and services. We presented the strategy in September, but I'm going to take a minute to recap the main components for you again today. We are pursuing profitable growth by reinvesting in our strengths. We are running our business using our operating and execution model as we have been for some time in select areas of the company. Now, we're expanding it across the enterprise and strengthening its governance. We're expanding services with an emphasis on the aftermarket and are investing in our digital capabilities. We're also extending our product offerings. We're fully committed to our lean manufacturing journey and to excelling at the fundamentals of safety, quality and cost control. We want to ensure our customers are more successful using our products than they are using our competitors. Finally and above all else, we'll be guided by our values in action. We'll measure the success of this new strategy by the value we bring to our customers, the profits we generate to fund reinvestment and the returns we generate for our shareholders. I'm confident in our team's ability to execute the strategy and confident Caterpillar is well positioned to compete and grow profitably. With that, I'll turn it over to Brad.
Donald James Umpleby: Good morning, Jerry. It's Jim. I'll take that one. As we mentioned at the end of the last quarter, we have a couple of areas in particular, a couple of products where we've had very large demand increases year-over-year. We highlighted G3600 engines for gas compression in North America, and we also talked about large mining trucks. Those are the two areas that we are work – that we're struggling with a bit and working with our suppliers to be able to meet the very large increases on a percent basis in demand. Keep in mind, both of those products came off a very low base in 2016. So we're working with our suppliers to meet the increased demand that we've seen this year, won't really comment on next year in terms of – I don't want to quantify that for next year, but we are working with our suppliers to ensure that we satisfy what we believe will be customer demand moving forward.
Donald James Umpleby: Hi, Jamie. It's Jim again. Well, certainly, Cat is willing to ramp up production. There's no issue there. I think the only product that we really have an issue in terms of our ability to meet demand is G3600 engines from a manufacturing capacity perspective. All the other issues that we're dealing with have to do with supplier capacity. So there's no reluctance on our part to ramp up production to meet demand, and we do believe we have enough manufacturing capacity to meet what we see in terms of demand for the next few years. So really, it's a matter of working with our suppliers. A lot of this is an industry problem. It's not just us. As I'm sure you've learned through your research that a number of our competitors are dealing with the same kinds of issues with the supply base. So again, we're working that hard and believe that we're seeing improvements and will continue to see improvements on that front. In terms of visibility for next year, again we decided not to give a top line estimate for 2018 at this time. I really want to keep the team focused on executing our strategy. In terms of your question on margins, we will continue to make targeted investments to grow our business in the long term. So we've talked about some of the investments at Investor Day, whether they be in our digital capabilities, in various products. So again, we will be making targeted investments moving forward. Amy, I don't know if you want to add to that at all.
Donald James Umpleby: Yeah, Ann, I don't think there's anything that investors should be concerned about. Obviously, our forecast is based upon a number of factors. It's certainly what we hear from our dealers. It's also what we monitor the industries. We have direct contact with customers. So we take into account a number of factors when we forecast demand.
Donald James Umpleby: Yeah, Rob. I'll answer your last question first. We certainly have enough manufacturing capacity to meet the demand that we see over the next few years. Again, our issues have been with suppliers, and we're working our way through that. And answer to your first question, no, we don't see warning signs in terms of safety, quality, lean. We're very pleased with our performance there and just had a number of dealer meetings, and all the feedback is very, very positive about our quality, so.
Donald James Umpleby: Yeah. Andy, it's Jim. And I think just to clarify, I believe the only one of our three primary segments that is in or above the ranges is Construction Industries. If you look at the third quarter in RI and in E&T as well, they're actually both below the ranges that we outlined at Investor Day and certainly the year-to-date's are as well. And maybe to answer your bigger question, our intent is to grow the company. And if in fact, we, CI as an example, were within that range or a bit above that range, our intent is to invest to grow as opposed to trying to just simply have higher margins every quarter. So we want to grow the business at a healthy margin rate, and that's really our focus. And also I'd caution you, we would expect to see some variation quarter to quarter. Some of our businesses are more lumpy than others. E&T and RI are more lumpy than CI, as an example. So we would expect to see margins jump around a bit due to mix and a whole variety of other issues. But again, our intent is to grow within our targeted ranges.
Amy A. Campbell: Sure. Good morning, Joe. So, if you look at dealer inventory first half versus second half this year versus last year, I think what you saw in the first half of 2017 was pretty typical dealer inventory behavior with dealers building inventory in the first quarter in preparation of the spring and summer selling season and then working through that inventory in the second quarter. However, I would say the dealers did build a little bit less inventory in the first quarter of this year than they did a year prior, and that was primarily due to what was a really strong first quarter in China, some due to just what has continued to be an extremely strong industry, and some also having to do with the timing of the Chinese New Year. So, I think the first half of the year looked like what we have seasonally seen. If you go back into 2016 and even the few years prior to that, we have seen dealers take significant inventory out in the back half of the year, both in the third and the fourth quarters. I think if you look back last year, we also saw the backlog coming down in the third quarter or maybe even just about flat. So, I think that's pretty normal activity what we're seeing on the third quarter of this year is the backlog going up. And so I think the strength currently in the end markets, which is for Construction Industries and Resource Industries, is pretty broad based regionally. It's what's driving dealers to not pull inventory out as much. Certainly, they are working hard to satisfy end-user demand. Turn that around and look at month of sales, so even though dealer inventory didn't come out nearly as much as it did third quarter of last year, month of sales are quite a bit lower than where we ended the third quarter of 2016. Our normal targeted range for month of sales is about 3.5 to 4 months. We're below that. Dealers are sending many products straight through the customers and not building inventory up. So, I think it really has to do with the strength in Construction and Resource end markets that they're not pulling inventory down as much. And I would guess, I would say, their order rates are up, so they're ordering and refilling general inventory, as opposed to a year ago their order rates were starting to decline.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. I think if you look at the pricing in the quarter, it's largely a story of comps versus 2016, especially for Construction Industries, but even for Resource Industries to some extent. If you look at 2016, I think prices were down about 4% or so for the full year. We've largely clawed that negative price realization back through the third quarter of 2016. And so if you look over a couple of year trend for construction industry pricing, it's really been fairly flat. I think you need to go back, since 2014 price realization in Construction Industries has been fairly flat. So, we have a – we see over the medium term a very competitive pricing situation, but 2016, as we all know, was difficult for Construction Industries from a price realization perspective. And so it's not so much that we're really seeing a market that's conducive to taking price increases. In fact, I think we would say the opposite. The market continues to be extremely competitive. The continued strong dollar is competitive. In Resource Industries, about half of that change was just from a comp basis, some of the others was just particular deals and where those were located around the world. So, there's not much story in Resource Industries either. We also see in the Resource Industries end markets very competitive pricing situation and don't see a lot of opportunity to be able to take price increases there as well.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. I think, it is a complicated story, and I'll attempt to walk through it kind of in the few drivers that are driving the disconnect. And so if you look at retail sales, those are neutralized for price and currency, and they don't include, generally speaking, aftermarket parts increases. And then there is the dealer inventory change. So, of the sales increase for the quarter, if you look at – and Brad talked about this, about a $200 million dealer inventory increase versus a $700 million dealer decrease a year ago, that's $900 million favorable to the top line, you won't see that translate through retail stats. Price realization a little over $300 million favorable in the quarter; that's also not going to translate into retail stats. And then lastly, as we talked, it's been a good quarter and a good year for aftermarket parts for mining as well as in North American oil and gas applications. And those also aren't going to translate into retail sales. So, those are the three big differences where you're seeing on a reported sales and revenues increase being significantly higher than those that are coming through retail stats.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. So, I mean those inventory numbers are dealer inventory, so they don't translate back into the cost absorption we see for Caterpillar inventory. We do have favorable cost absorption due to inventory increases. I don't know that I can say if that's normal or not, and I don't have – I mean, you can calculate that, that is what drove most of the variable manufacturing cost improvement in the quarter. But with these higher production levels, I think as we would expect, we are seeing Cat inventory go up to support the higher production levels. But even with that, continuing to see inventory turns improve. So, we definitely had some favorable cost absorption into the quarter as those inventories went up. I think, as we look into the fourth quarter, that is and in the implied a little bit of profit erosion in the fourth quarter. A piece of that comes from – especially with some large shipments of solar turbines and locomotives, we will see some inventory come down in E&T when we have some negative impact expected from that in the fourth quarter.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah, I mean, Jerry, as you know, it's difficult to predict dealer inventories precisely. And certainly, the dealers control their inventory decisions and where they want to put inventory at. I think there is also, as we think out over the next few quarters and the demand, the end-user demand, which is where most of our efforts are going to be focused certainly in the fourth quarter, and then we'll have to see how the first half of 2018 plays out. So I think it's difficult and probably not appropriate to forecast where dealer inventory is going to land. As I talked about three-and-a-half to four months of sales is where we have normally worked with our dealers given our availability and supply chains to target dealer inventory. We do believe there's opportunity to bring that down some with our focus on lean and reducing lead times. But I'd say even with that, dealer inventories are probably a little bit lower than the dealers would like them to be and we'd like them to be. So over time, and I think it all depends on where end-user demand goes and where the market goes, so those are kind of decisions and numbers that move with a lot of different moving variables, where we sit right now at the end of the third quarter, dealer inventory levels are at a lower level than we've normally targeted, but exactly how much dealer inventory there is to bring back, I think, is just difficult to estimate.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah, I think probably just a couple other – Jim had can of a high level – a couple other maybe small points to think about as you think about 2018. We do look at the competitive pricing situation. We talked about it all year. We don't think it's changed. We continue to think that pricing will be very competitive as we move into 2018. And exactly what does that translate to dollars, we're not ready to have a forecast for, but that is something we're keeping our eye on. Material costs, we've started to see those turn negative especially due to steel prices. And while our teams continue to work on redesign and other supply chain actions to bring down material costs, we do see steel costs, the material costs as we move in 2018 to be a headwind. And then I think the big tailwind that's out there is short-term incentive compensation expense we're accruing at a rate of $1.4 billion this year. A more normal payout is probably closer to $800 million to $850 million. So there's a little bit of a nice tailwind there. But as Jim alluded to, we are going to continue to make targeted investments, work towards delivering our margins that we showed at Investor Day, but making sure that we're making the long-term investments that we need to make to grow profitably over the long term.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. I think the gap, David, honestly it just really has to do with rounding. So we thought about putting ranges in there. We stuck with kind of a single number for each one of the three segments. We will likely have a little bit higher shipments in E&T just due to normal seasonality of solar shipments. But I think, generally, when you look with that exception, you look at the three segments, sales and revenues about flat third quarter to fourth quarter.
Amy A. Campbell: So, David, why don't we come back to that? I'll have to look at the math. I don't know if it's the fact that it excludes the intercompany transfer, so we got intersegment sales that are excluded in those numbers.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. I think if you think about margins for the year and maybe to level set, I think largely speaking the third quarter will be the high watermark. CI segment margin represents a little bit higher, 18.2% in the second quarter, 18.1% in the third quarter, but third quarter clearly the high watermark. Probably better to step back and look at kind of September year-to-date segment margin percent for all three segments. I think, generally speaking, Resource Industries, Energy & Transportation, segment margins for the full year should be pretty close to what they were September year-to-date, and that implies a little bit improvement in the fourth quarter for Energy & Transportation, and that's on those higher sales, just some leverage on those higher sales which we typically see in the fourth quarter for Energy & Transportation. And then Construction Industries, segment margin percentage is just down just slightly for the full year versus where we ended the third quarter, which then implies a softer fourth quarter than where we are year-to-date. And that's been driven by some of this price starting to come through that we've been talking about year-to-date. We did start to see price realization get less favorable towards the end of the third quarter, some material cost headwind, and we also started to see those get more unfavorable towards the end of the third quarter and then also some targeted investments the Construction Industries has. One of those, for one example, they just launched the next-gen excavator, an exciting product, that and many other things they've got in play driving some additional costs in the fourth quarter.
Amy A. Campbell: Well, they also have some material cost issues, and they've got a fair number of – their R&D expenses are also increasing in the fourth quarter for some pilot products they're sending out there. So they have some higher costs in the fourth quarter as well for some of their targeted investments.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. And I think if you look at – maybe I'll step back to your last question, if you look at 2017, Ann, and we can talk about China pull forward, we started the year thinking that the China industry, us and I think along with everyone would be up, but up, and I don't remember the number, 20%, 25%, I think something like that. We now think it will be more than double. So, that's been a huge driver of the strength this year as well as some other things. Canadian Tier 4, Ann, it's really difficult to know what the buying decisions of our customers are. We have Tier 3 and Tier 4 product ready to go. We have seen strong demand all year in Canada for construction equipment, and so I don't think there's anything of particular note there.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. I don't have it really split out by product, Ross. I think your point is a good one. When it looks at actual shipments for Resource Industries, they really only started to be up slightly in the third quarter. That said, we have seen good order activity, I'd really say, across the board for most of our products in Resource Industries. And that strength has also broadly been around the globe. So whether it's been Australia, I think South Africa was the last to go into the downturn. They were the last to come out, but we started to see some strength there as well. I mean I think I only picked those two out. I think it really has been a fairly broad improvement for Resource Industries without anything particular to note of one area doing better than another.
Amy A. Campbell: If you look at – I mean we were talking about the G3600 engine specifically. And if you look at the backlog for that particular product, which is only a percentage of Energy & Transportation's backlog, we are taking orders well into next year for that product, but I think I would be hesitant to draw too much conclusions from that for the broader Energy & Transportation segment, which has many other industries and many other products in there as well. And in those cases, the backlog would not be completely filled out for next year.
Amy A. Campbell: So I mean price – I'm not going to qualify, Andy, price and material costs. They're both negative. The biggest of the three would actually be investments in these targeted initiatives that we have. We've got several things. We talked about this. We're connecting more assets. We've got some R&D programs, the launch of the next-gen excavator that we're excited about. And so the bigger of the three increases are these targeted investments that started to pick up towards the end of the third quarter, will roll into the fourth quarter and then roll into 2018 as well.
