Amy Campbell: Thank you, Kate. Good morning. And welcome everyone to our third quarter earnings call. On the call today, I am pleased to have our CEO, Jim Umpleby; and our CFO, Andrew Bonfield, and our Vice President of finance services Joe Creed. Remember, this call is copyrighted by Caterpillar, Inc., and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you’d like a copy of today’s call transcript, we’ll be posting it in the Investors section of our caterpillar.com website. This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause our actual results to be different than the information discussed. Details on the factors that either individually or in the aggregate could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our filings with the SEC and our forward-looking statements included in today's financial release. In addition a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures can be found in the appendix of this morning's presentation and in our release which is posted at caterpillar.com/earnings. With that I'll turn it over to Jim.
Amy Campbell: Thank you Andrew. Kate it is now time to began the Q&A portion of the call. Participants should limit their questions to one plus a follow up.
Amy Campbell: Yes Jerry I think if you look at used equipment the inventories are quite tight and we're seeing increases and used equipment prices continue.
Amy Campbell: I don't have any specific color by region. It's certainly the case in North America where I have most of that data.
Jim Umpleby: Good Morning Joe. Maybe it makes sense just to spend a few minutes expanding upon how we're doing in each of the markets. We talked about construction industries and that we continue to see very strong demand in Asia-Pacific particularly in China but also in North America in the EAME. Again in energy and transportation very strong activity in onshore gas compression while servicing industry is also strong. We don't see, we haven't experienced a slowdown much has been written about the Permian but we have not experienced a slowdown in our business. It's still been quite strong and people have talked a lot about the fact that there are take away capacity issues and of course whenever pipelines are built that's a good thing for our CI business as well. So again we feel bullish about that business. Heavy construction and resource industry is continues to be strong. In rail, we've seen an increase in locomotive rebuilds and modernization. We've also seen higher service and part sales. Rail traffic in North America is certainly increased and we've seen a year-over-year reduction the number of ideal locomotives and rail cars. So we expect new locomotive orders continue to improve. We've seen some business from outside the U.S. as well. We have talked about the fact that that Latin America is a bit slow to recover in construction industries and offshore oil and gas production has been slow, but again we feel good about the state of our business. We feel that the business continues to be strong in most of our end markets and we're not frankly concerned about dealer inventories, backlog and I like Andrew coming on that.
Jim Umpleby: On pricing we are starting to see the impact of the mid-year price increase and we expect price realization to more than offset material cost and freight expense for the full year. We recently communicated to our dealers a 1% to 4% price increase that will be effective in January of ‘19. We are working our way through supplying constraints and again we feel good about the environment for pricing just as I mentioned moving forward.
Jim Umpleby: No, I'm not going to make a comment and give you a forecast for retail stats, but I've talked about the end state of our markets and the fact that we feel good about those. Based on everything we see today we expect our business to continue to improve in 2019.
Jim Umpleby: Again as I mentioned earlier resource industries business continues to improve. Truck levels are now at the lowest level they've been since 2012. There are still more trucks to bring back online but it's contributing to strong after market demand and we're seeing strong parts demand to support increases in machine utilization. So we certainly feel good about the trajectory of our mining business. Commodities such as copper and gold have been strong. RI's experience growth across all regions. So again we do feel good about RI. Market fundamentals seem to be improving and are quite solid.
Jim Umpleby: Just a few general comments about China. Certainly it's an important market for us. It averages 5% to 10% of total company sales and revenues and for CI it's about 10% to 15%. There's a lot of different scenarios of course forecasting what's going to happen in China. Based on everything that we see we believe that the China market will continue to be healthy. Excavator demand is up significantly this year after it more than doubled last year and again we feel good about China for next year.
Jim Umpleby: Yes, I'd urge caution both in particularly in RI and E&T and looking at quarter-to-quarter margins both of those businesses tend to be very lumpy. So we expect quarter-to- quarter variations, in margins up and down and so what we really suggest you look at is our year to your improvement which is what we're really focused on doing. We talked about our targets for margin expectations at Investor Day and we are towards the top end of those or above those. So again we feel good about that as well.
Jim Umpleby: I would say that in terms of the new equipment we expect that to improve moving forward. So we're certainly seeing activity for new equipment but we expect that to continue to improve. If we step back and think about where we've been from an historical perspective we are still below averages and it's not much as comparing to the peak but we have a long way to go to improve on O&E for mining.
Jim Umpleby: Yes and one of the things also that keep in mind is for next year we have a -- we're going to have a stiff tailwind that's going to have a positive impact in all of our segments as we reset step for next year. That's also out there as well. It's another tailwind to keep in mind.
Jim Umpleby: I will jump in Jamie, taking on the question you had for Amy so on ‘19 obviously it’s [truly] for us to provide a lot of specifics as I mentioned earlier we expect our business to continue to improve in ‘19 versus ‘18 is a lot of puts and takes and we take price realization along with the recent of step and continued cost discipline to offset cost headwinds and we have a healthy backlog, good order rates and we are taking orders for some products well in the 2019. We feel good about state of our business and frankly we expect both the top end and the bottom line to improve in 2019 versus 2018.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. We've worked very hard over the last couple of years on getting more lean internally and also have looked at our supply chain. Obviously our dealers are independent businesses, so they make their own decisions as to what they do but we do feel based on the strength of the markets that we don't have an issue in terms of dealer inventory. I'll let Andrew jump in here as well.
Jim Umpleby: What CI still ends on managed distribution that you're probably know and much of the CI increase restocking in China for example is off of very low levels. So again we feel comfortable in what we see.
Jim Umpleby: At this stage, I mean the bit where we did see some impact in the Middle East area is really around Turkey and that was obviously they've had a fair amount of economic uncertainty. Elsewhere actually through the rest of Europe and most of the rest of the Middle East actually things were pretty much okay. So it's really, really been Turkey been the big driver of uncertainty around that region.
Jim Umpleby: Well, firstly I mean obviously Turkey has been obviously going through a fair amount of economic uncertainty, obviously with U.S. sanctions as well being applied that has had some impact on the broader economy in Turkey. I think will sort I hopefully seeing that moderate now as we move forward and hopefully start seeing Turkey recover. Around the rest of Europe if you look around the rest I mean UK sales were sort of flattish in the quarter as will be expected with uncertainties there but generally actually the rest of EAME actually work was pretty good and Europe was actually pretty strong as well.
Jim Umpleby: Andy there is no changes. So construction industries has plenty of bricks and mortar capacity to meet demand and the issue has been with suppliers and as I'm sure you know it isn't just Cat and our competitors but manufacturers in many different industries have struggled with just the general increase in economic activity and what that's driven in terms of demand. So, no it's not, it’s not internal and you shouldn't take anything away from a capital investment perspective based on that.
Jim Umpleby: So David let me be as clear as I can be obviously yes we do expect normal seasonal sales sequential patterns in the fourth quarter. If you look at our margin structure for the year, year-to-date it's 16.6%. In the third quarter it was 16.6%. We expect margins to be broadly similar as well so that very much is, very much in line with where we've been expecting. I think on the range I think changing the range would have sent some [miss sort of] message about something had changed since July. We were very clear in our thought process that we actually just wanted to be very clear to you all and say nothing's changed. Expectations of outlook have not changed and so we just wanted to reflect that through the guidance. Yes, it is a wide range, yes but we expect nothing really much has changed since where we were in July. So narrowing it may have created some noise either at the bottom end or at the top end. So we just thought it'd be better to leave it as is and explain it on the call today.
Jim Umpleby: Yes, I mean if you do the math says you've done it then you would see the quarters being up. I think that our view is the range is wide, yes we don't expect to be at the bottom end of the range. So I think that's based on what we're expecting we expect the normal sales pattern and operating margins to be broadly in line with where they've been all year.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. I mean I think we are obviously we did get quite a long lead time partly so that we can actually put it into effect. We expect a significant proportion. A majority of that portion to stick obviously into 2019 but obviously when we're doing as sort of initial guidance for next year we're taking to account that not all of that will be fully realized in the 2019 time frame. So will give you a bit more an updating a bit more color then and also don't forget we will have the full-year benefit of the mid-year price increase in 2019 as well.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. This is Jim. I will start it off and let Andrew jump in at the end if you would like but you mentioned M&A and buybacks well the other thing we can also do is invest in organic growth which we are very much doing. So all of our businesses continuously evaluate M&A opportunities. We're continuing to do that. We're not excluding anything. We are not saying that there's a definitive plan for a big M&A either. We are very focused on organic growth particularly in areas of services in digital. We're increasing our capability there and now I will let Andrew take the buyback question.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. I'm not sure we said we'd sell more equipment than part. I think what we said is that term on mining the resource industries correct.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So both are improving. So our parts sales are increasing as our opportunities for our new equipment as well. So I'm not going to make a -- we're leveraging obviously leveraging period cost where we're seeing higher volume and that's a good thing. So I'm not going to make any comment on margins new versus parts.
Jim Umpleby: So we previously stated that our – we would in the last six months of the year we have cost headwinds of $100 million to $200 million we're going to be at the lower end of that range we believe. We haven't seen a big pre-buy but of course we're in a situation where we've had some constraints and so we've been on managed distribution. So we don't expect a major impact as quite frankly we were already hit with the earlier tariffs so we don't think a later change will have an impact on us. It was already baked in for us.
Jim Umpleby: Well, again we're in a situation where as we talked earlier there's a supply constraint challenge not only for Caterpillar, our competitors but for many other manufacturers as well. So I don't think anyone has honestly has the luxury of making a lot of big pre-buys. So no.
Jim Umpleby: Yes, we're not making a lot of production shifts. I mean our teams obviously continuously monitor the situation and it can with politics to get together the situation can change dramatically day to day. So we – we have not made production shift decisions based on this.
Jim Umpleby: But just expand upon that we have a global footprint, so we have the luxury of unlike some other companies, we manufacture products in Asia, in the Americas, in EAME so that does help us mitigate this somewhat because we do have a global manufacturing base.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. For the most part it's not going to have an impact on us and we are above $15 in the vast majority of places are only in the U.S. so I don't see an impact on us.
Jim Umpleby: So as we as we talked about we're focused on growing our business as well, so while our teams are continuously focused on making our operations more efficient, we're also investing for growth. So it's – there's always a balance there between those margins and growth but we're pleased that we are ahead of where we said we would be from a time perspective and our team has a laser focus on those margins but again there's a balance between investing for growth. We just don't want to continue to bring out higher margins every year at the expense of growth. However, right if we can both grow and have higher margins then that's fine as well. So again it's a balance.
Jim Umpleby: Volumes, sorry so one comment I mean if certainly if volumes go up, obviously that gives us an opportunity to have higher margins because we're leveraging that overhead across the higher volume. So that opportunity certainly exists.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. I mean I'm not going to break down 800 million for you by region but as we said one of the biggest areas where it was in China and as a result of the selling season second quarter there was a very strong pull in in China. Overall across all the segments we are comfortable that we still remain at the low end of the range and then obviously as with the production ramp ups we are starting to get to a situation where dealers have adequate inventory on hand. So again I think rather than get into the sort of then having to give you an update exactly where the inventory is, the inventory is across all the segments. It was build across all segments in the quarter but generally we are comfortable with where we've ended.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So at this again the price realization in RI is a lot due to mix and versus a prior year with regards to the 1% to 4% we're not going to break it down by segments but basically it depends geographically and it depends on business segment as to what the price increases were put through.
Jim Umpleby: We just thanks everyone for your time this morning. I just wanted to end by saying I'm very, very proud of the Caterpillar global team for a record profit per share for the third consecutive quarter and we continue to deliver record quarterly profits even while many of our end markets are still in their early stages of recovery. We'll continue a relentless execution of our strategy, supporting our customer success, very focused on profitable growth and total shareholder return. Look forward to speaking to all next quarter. Thank you.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So I mean obviously we did see the backlog go down by about $400 million in the quarter but remind you that for the year-to-date it is still up nearly $2 billion since the third quarter of last year. At the same time obviously we were building inventory into dealers. We still are at the bottom end of normal ranges. So even though the dealer inventory has gone up over $2 billion since the beginning of the year so that's all indicative of dealers having confidence and obviously the 800 million stock build -- inventory build in the quarter was a lot less than the drop in order backlog. So that does mean that strong demand -- overall dealers are still feeling positive about end consumption.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So thanks Jamie, and yes it's great to be here and yes it is always exciting to see such a good set of results be put out in front of you guys today. Priorities, I think you shouldn't be surprised obviously the things about making sure that we execute the O&E model particularly well as we move forward. Resource allocation in particular obviously needs to be something we keep a focus on to make sure we drive that profitable growth that we're trying to target and achieve. So working with Jim and the other members of the executive office to do that. Obviously again you mentioned about capital allocation that is something which again obviously is I know a lot of investor have a lot of focus on obviously we have the $10 billion buyback approved by the board. That will obviously be a key focus as we move forward. Obviously we need to think through how we manage the balance sheet through the cycle and that's something which I will work on and look to as we move forward but obviously as we said and we indicated again we will be opportunistic and go above the $750 million if obviously at times where we think. The share prices below in terms of value which is what it is at the moment.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. And just like give you a comment I mean I'm actually really impressed by the amount of data that the company actually does have on dealer inventory. You may want to go back to look at my background of Bristol-Myers and why I would be very focused on that because that was a wholesalers in that particular point in time, but I do think a) first of all the visibility is important. Actually in absolute dollar terms they look relatively low versus other parts on the cycle and is something that is very well monitored. So I think as best as it can be but as Jim said because obviously the dealers are independent but it does give us confidence that there isn't any excess inventory built. In fact actually what's happened in the last three months is as we've rent our production effectively we are now getting into a situation where dealers actually have enough inventory that they are able to sell through. So that's an important part of what we've been doing.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. Jerry on the sort of what's the right level of leverage on some [weeks], so I think if you would excuse me to start betting that out for a little bit longer because actually it's one of the things I want to work through and work through how do we think about this through the cycle which is what we do have to do. We do want to maintain the mid-year rating through the cycle. So we have to think through that how that capital allocation works. Obviously at the moment we do have more cash than we inherently need so therefore we are as we've seen accelerating the buyback program and that is obviously the key at the moment.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. I think let me just say the history is littered and of companies who have either gone for market share the expensive margins and/or then gone for margins at the expense of market share, ultimately at the end of the day we want to do both and it's all about trying to do profitable growth. I think that is really one of the reasons why I joined, I love the term profitable growth and the fact that it does mean that you actually have to do focus not just on growth and profits but actually sustainable long term profitable growth. So ultimately at the end of the day you want to do both is the simple answer.
