Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. So, at the moment there are two factors. One, which is obviously price, will still be positive in the second quarter, and that will help overall margins and will help to offset the impact of lower volume. Also, we do expect to see some flattening of manufacturing costs versus the prior year, mostly because of freight. We would expect the benefit of lower freight costs to offset the impact of cost absorption, which may occur in the quarter, so those are two factors. And then we will expect the increase in investments we're making behind our strategic investments and SG&A and R&D, to be offset by lower short-term incentive compensation expense. So those are all the moving parts, but overall as we said, we expect margins to be about flat year-over-year in the second quarter versus second quarter of 2023.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. So overall as we said, really what's happening in Q2 is principally the impact on lower volume will be around the impact of dealer inventory movements, particularly on the machine side. Last year, as I said, we actually had a very atypical build in the second quarter. As you know, the historic trend is always during selling season to see, particularly on the CI side, dealer inventory to decrease. So that was really the main driver. Overall, as we've indicated for the year, we still expect healthy volume in North America in CI. We do have some impact now on Europe. That means we now expect CI STUs to be slightly lower year-over-year. We are seeing that offset though by expected sales growth in energy and transportation, where we're seeing more positivity than we've seen. As far as STUs are concerned, obviously the first quarter was impacted by those, principally the European conditions which we mentioned a moment ago. Overall, we're still very comfortable, but the overall guide we've made for the year, which is sales and revenues, will be broadly flat with 2023.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. And Dave, your fact on the implied order rate is correct. Yes, the implied orders are up year-over-year. Obviously, that is one of the factors which gives us confidence as we look out and also relative strength of the backlog gives us a lot of confidence within the business lines where they are. As regards to backlog, obviously most of the increase has been in E&T as you would expect, given that those are the businesses now which is showing more strength relatively versus CI and RI, and that just is reflected in that order positioning as we go out.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah, and just a quick point to make. Obviously Power Gen is the fastest-growing business today within energy and transportation, just to note. And actually, as a percentage of E&T sales, it has gone up from 25% in the first quarter of last year to 29% this year. So it is an area of exciting opportunity, even before we build the capacity, and obviously an area where there's potential for further growth as well.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So Jerry, as we've indicated, obviously price has been favorable, but we expect the benefit of favorable price to moderate as the year progresses and that obviously holds true for CI as it does for the other segments. And that really will obviously mean that the benefits on margin expansion will become much, much tougher for CI, as particularly as you get into the second half of the year where you won't see that spread. We do see manufacturing costs being broadly flattish, and part of the reason for that is because of the favorability of freight, which is more than offsetting the impact of cost absorption. So overall, we've obviously taken the approach that where we have got the benefit of price, we will obviously be trying to hold that as best as we can obviously. And we've been, as you rightly pointed out, we’ve been pretty disciplined about making sure that we have cut production, like for example in the excavators that you saw in the fourth quarter, where we do see softness or weakness in the market.
Andrew Bonfield: And just the other bit of granularity which we tried to give and just is about spilling out between machine and dealer inventory and dealer inventory as a whole. Principally because obviously in energy and transportation, it is that most of that inventory as we said previously, and also within resource industries, over 70% of that is backed by firm customer orders. It's not really inventory sitting on a dealer's lot waiting. Often it's a city getting ready for commissioning, and that is part of the reason for that. Overall, as Jim reiterated and just to reiterate, we are comfortably within the range on machine dealer inventory. We do expect for the year that inventory level to be about flat year-over-year. That's our expectation and then planning assumption at the moment.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah, and just to add to that a little bit, just to remind you that the first quarter of 2023 was very strong and actually the highest level of STUs in resource industries for over 10 years at the time. So that was a significant factor. Secondly, as we talked about, there are two product lines, where because of supply chain there was a backlog which was used up principally in 2023, off-highway trucks and also articulated trucks. Just as an FYI, large mining trucks are still growing, which I know is one of the factors that many of you look at. So there was no issue there at all with regards to that.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah, as I think we've indicated overall, for the full year, we expect CI revenues to be, STUs to be slightly negative for the full year. The first quarter, in January we said we thought they would be about flat for the full year. So that does imply some acceleration through the year in order to get back to that sort of – to be just slightly negative. With regards to trends in April, look we're not going to talk about what's happening. I mean, as is always the case, quarter-on-quarter you see changes, which can relate to commissioning and all sorts of number of factors, but we're comfortable with that full year forecast for CI.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. So obviously as you know, we have both a dividend policy as well as a share buyback policy. As far as the dividend is concerned, we have one more year of our high single digits. That's a board decision which will probably be made around June time, and then after that we'll probably come back and look at what the future policy will be. Remember, the objective is to pay out no more than 60% to 65% of free cash flow in a low environment for the dividend. So that will be part of our – that comes into part of the policy and the way we look at that. With regards to intrinsic value, obviously as is always the case, yes, we do take into account intrinsic value, and that decision has been made as part of the longer term ASR, obviously. But remind you that the benefit of the ASR is really around the fact that you are in the market more consistently. We don't try and market time. We are really just trying to be in the market consistently to return that cash to shareholders. Overall, we believe that's the best approach, but we're very comfortable with putting that in place. Audra, we have time for one more question.
Jim Umpleby: Jamie, it's a good question. One of the things to keep in mind is that many of the investments we're making, a lot of electrification in other areas, the costs are absorbed in energy and transportation, so that's one of the things that has an impact on the margin of the total segment. And as you quite rightly mentioned, we're very focused on investing in areas that represent the best opportunities for future profitable growth. And as we look at the margin opportunities around large engines, that's certainly an area that very much deserves our investment, in both capital and expense and management attention as well. So certainly, as you know, our primary measure of profitable growth is absolute OPACC dollars, and we're trying to increase that. Having said that, we provided our margin targets and we said we'd be in the upper half of the range. But again, we're investing in areas that represent very good opportunities for profitable growth, and that includes large engines. So I'm not saying that margins won't come up in E&T. Again, the one thing to keep in mind here is that a lot of costs go into that segment that really benefits some of the other segments.
Jim Umpleby: David, let me answer the last part of your question first. So, in terms of E&T, about 80% of our total CAT backlog is expected to be sold within 12 months, and we don't put orders into the – we don't put things into the backlog unless we have a firm customer order. So we work really closely with our customers, as an example with customers that are looking for large engines for data centers, and we have a sense going out multiple years of what it is they want, but we don't put any of that into the backlog until they give us a firm order. So, it doesn't – our backlog doesn't go out as far as you might think. So I'll start with that and then I'll turn it over to Andrew for the first part of your question.
Jim Umpleby: Thank you, Rob. We are very excited about what we view as a secular growth opportunity around data centers, both in terms of increasing base power loads, but also the specific opportunities to serve those data centers. So as you probably know, traditionally we have provided reciprocating generative sets as backup for those data centers. But what you say is very correct. That business is changing, and I believe that we are uniquely positioned, because we have a combination of both gas turbines and research that burn a whole variety of fuels. And so we have had some projects now where we've shipped gas turbines, to provide prime power for data centers, because in some places when data centers want to go into a geographic area, the utility can't handle the load of those, and when in fact there's natural gas available, we've seen situations where a customer will take gas turbines, install those, burn natural gas to produce their own base power for the data centers. In addition to that then, there's also the reciprocating engine gen sets as backup if something were to happen. But typically again, we are seeing a change, you are right. The market's changing, and we're very excited about that opportunity.
Jim Umpleby: Yeah. So, we're starting to make – again, we started to make those capacity investments, and those – that capacity is expected to ramp up over the next four years, so it's gradually phased in. So that'll happen over a four-year period. In terms of E&T, obviously I mentioned that Solar Turbines has strong quotation and order activity as well, and they have the ability certainly to increase their production. So again, the capacity in large engines, the investment that we specifically mentioned, is expected to gradually phase up over the next four years.
Jim Umpleby: And maybe just one add-on. You know one of the beauties about our business model – we're making this capacity investment in large engines, but those large engines just don't have the ability to serve the power generation market. I mean they serve a whole variety of markets, so those same large engines are used for oil and gas. They are used for large mining trucks. They are used for data center backup. But we also believe there's an opportunity over time for distributed generation as well. So again, we're making this capital investment not just based on one opportunity in the marketplace, but upon multiple opportunities in different industries. And again, we think that diversity of our end-market opportunities is one that really makes this an excellent investment.
Jim Umpleby: The reason the dealer inventory increased a bit more than we expected is primarily due to the softness in European construction. It was – that really is the reason for that, that build in dealer inventory. The dealer inventory is well within our typical range, comfortably within what we consider a typical range. So we are not concerned about it.
Jim Umpleby: Yeah, so we had expected some softness certainly in RI this year and we talked about that, I believe in our first quarter call, so a number of things. First of all, on the positive side, the number of parked trucks, and there's some indices that we look at to really judge the health of the mining industry and so some positives. The number of parked trucks is relatively low. The utilization of our customers’ products, of our products by our customers is high, and the age of the fleet is relatively elevated, so those are positive things. Having said that, our customers are displaying capital discipline. Not surprising, just given what's happened in the economic conditions around the world, but those indices really do bode well for us. In addition to that, we've seen great strength, great acceptance of our autonomous solutions. So those have been accepted well also. We expect a robust rebuild activity this year, because our products are being used so extensively by our customers. So again, really, I think it's just really mostly a function of a bit of a dealer inventory change and also our customers displaying capital discipline.
Jim Umpleby: Yeah, firstly, as I mentioned earlier, we believe that dealer inventory is comfortably within what we would consider the typical range. When we think about EAME, we talked about construction weakness in Europe, but also there's strength in the Middle East, a lot of construction activity in the Middle East. So again, that provides a bit of a buffer there to the total EAME region. And again, I keep coming back to North America as our largest, most important region for CI and the fact that non-residential construction is underpinned by those government infrastructure projects, which again is a very positive thing for us. So I think it's an important thing to keep in mind as you think about CI.
Jim Umpleby: All right. Well again, thank you for joining us and we certainly appreciate all your questions. I'd like to just close by thanking our global team for their strong performance in the first quarter, including higher adjusted operating profit margin, record adjusted profit per share and strong EM&T free cash flow. Our strong results continue to reflect the diversity of our end markets, as well as the disciplined execution of our strategy for long term profitable growth. With that, I'll turn it back to Ryan.
