Mike DeWalt: Seth, this is Mike. I'll just start out with that. If you look at price realization in the fourth quarter, what we report is fourth quarter over fourth quarter, and so you have to kind of look at what was the situation in both quarters. Now usually we get a tick down in price realization in the fourth quarter and that actually happened last year fairly significantly and this year as well. If you were to compare to the third quarter, price realization was actually down a little bit, and that's not unusual. There's usually a little bit more merchandising programs and variance in the fourth quarter. So it actually ticked down versus the third. It just didn't go down as much as it did in the fourth quarter a year ago. With respect to next year ...
Mike DeWalt: I'll start it off, Andrew. We actually did include at least an excavator comment about China in one of the Q&As in the back of the release. A year ago or last year, we announced pretty significant increases, or at least planned increases, in capacity in China, quadrupling from capacity of excavators of around 6,000 to around 24,000 in 2012, with some progress along the way in 2011. So we're actually increasing capacity there a fair bit. We were at capacity on excavators in a hot market and in a market that we think is going to continue to grow. And we need it to add capacity to gain share there. Now excavators frequently gets all the headlines, but we're also building a new facility there for mini-excavators. We're expanding capacity in our wheel loader facility there and we announced the addition of a new factory to produce 3500 Series engines in China. So China is a huge focus for us, it's a big market, it's a growing market, it's a robust economy. There's a lot of development there that still needs to happen. So I would say, and I won't comment on what all the competitors are doing, there are so many of them there, but we're definitely focused on it.
Mike DeWalt: Jamie, this is Mike. I'll start out with that. We did have a good fourth quarter. If you take the fourth quarter and multiply it by four, though, there are a few things that you'll need to think about. One is, the fourth quarter is usually seasonally a pretty good quarter. You have some customers that are maybe corporations that are trying to take advantage of maybe year-end tax breaks depending upon the country they're in. Sometimes they're trying to get capital spending into a particular year. Or in some years, they'll try to maybe avoid a January price increase. So in the fourth quarter, we usually get a little bit of a seasonally high quarter. The second quarter is usually a seasonally high quarter as well. In addition to that, in this fourth quarter and we talked about this in the release, we were able to increase production enough to let dealers build $700 million worth of inventory in the fourth quarter. And so if you were to extend that $700 million times four, that would imply something close to a $3 billion inventory build, and we don't think that's going to happen. There will be some inventory build in 2011, but that will still be well below where dealer inventory was in 2008 and it certainly won't be anything near $3 billion. So I think you need take a little dealer inventory build out. Solar, fourth quarter is usually a big quarter seasonally for Solar. It's been that way. We've talked about that a lot. So I think you kind of have to tone that down if you're going to multiply it by four for Solar. And then for Engines in general, a couple of big Engine categories, large marine and Solar, we're expecting actually to be down in 2011. And I think, finally, we do have, in some areas, our forecast right now is constrained by production. In big mining trucks, I think delivery times range for most big mining trucks right now between eight and 18 months. And if we could produce more mining trucks in the short-term, for example, we could sell more. Excavators are pretty tight right now and for both of those in particular. That's why last year, we announced capacity increases. We saw this coming and we need to be ready for the volume that's going to come in 2012. So we're trying to get more capacity in place for those key products right now.
Mike DeWalt: Well, this was not a very traditional decline, what we saw in 2009. If you just go back through, I think, the last two or three cycles before that, I think three cycles, if you just look at new equipment sales -- now this is not the service-related businesses. But I think in the U.S., a decline would normally be between 40% and 50% from peak to trough, and it would take a couple of years to get back to that. What we saw in 2009 was a much more dramatic peak to trough reduction. I mean, from the '06 peak to the '09 trough in the U.S., new machine sales were off close to 80%. So I think on a percentage basis, we're probably getting a much more robust increase than historically. But that's just from a percentage basis. I think in dollars, the improvement is much more modest. So I think what we are seeing right now in a roundabout way, I'm trying to say is, we are seeing improvement today. It's as you said. It's not really related to a robust construction equipment market, housing is weak, there's some life in commercial, but it's still very depressed. What we're seeing is, customers cut purchases so far, they're at a point now where they have to do some replacement buying, both for rental fleets and customer fleets. So that's what's driving the numbers, not robust construction.
Mike DeWalt: Employment, Rob, is always a little dicey to deal with. We have had acquisitions since 2007; two really big ones. We acquired a controlling interest in Cat Japan and that added several thousand -- I can't remember the number, but I think order of magnitude, 5,000, 6,000. And then we added EMD which was pretty good. So probably between EMD and Cat Japan, you probably have, I don't know, 7%, 8%, 9% of our total employment. So I think if you were to just look at the rest of the business, we've actually done a pretty good job on efficiency. We did add back 15% to the total U.S. workforce this year, a lot of that driven by export demand. So that was an increase in employment. But if you look at sales, sales went up quite a bit more than that. And that's essentially what drove the efficiency.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, we were able to raise Lane 1 inventory levels in the third quarter. We had a concerted effort to do that. We allocated more production to feeding Lane 1 in the fourth quarter. But sales went up so much in the fourth quarter that we kept Lane 1 inventory actually fairly flat with the third quarter as a result of that. It's been very popular. We've had in the range of 22% to 25% of total shipments come out of Lane 1. I think we ended up with around 60% out of Lane 1 and 2. We've had -- I can't remember the exact number, but over 60% of Lane 1 shipments we've gotten out in two weeks; and I think in four weeks, the number is closer to 90%. So I think it's successful. I think dealers like it. I think in some ways it's probably been a little bit more successful than we might have thought and demand out of Lane 1 is actually very strong.
Mike DeWalt: Just a couple of things. If you think about our 2012 target, we said $55 billion to $60 billion top line, that was without acquisitions, and $8 to $10 a share. And we said that back in August of 2009 when it looked like things were pretty tough. In 2010, we moved up the curve. We raised profit from $1.43 to $4.15 this year. Sales went up $10 billion. Our outlook for '11 is now over $50 billion at the top line again without Bucyrus and MWM. And we're looking for near $6 a share. So I think in terms of progress so far and expectation for '11, we're definitely well on the path. This past August, we said that over the three-year period of '09, '10, and '11 -- from '09 to '12, that three-year period, we needed incremental operating profit, excluding acquisitions of 25% plus. We had 30% in 2010, and excluding acquisitions, including Bucyrus, we're looking for something around 25% this year. So I think in terms of the goal, what we did in '10, what we're projecting right now for '11, are definitely on the path.
Mike DeWalt: David, I'm going to answer probably not directly the question you asked, but I think kind of getting to the point. If you look at incremental margins, it's a very hot topic. It's important, I think, right now considering the volume increase that we have in front of us. Pricing and material cost were a tailwind in 2010 and we're not expecting that much of a tailwind in 2011. However, we had two major headwinds in 2010 that will be much more neutral in 2011. We went from zero incentive compensation to about $800 million incentive compensation between '09 and '10. That was an $800 million drag to incremental margins. Our product mix going from a very favorable mix in 2009 to something more approaching, I think, what you would expect in 2010. That hurt operating profit by more than $1 billion. Between those two items, that more than offset the kind of net benefit of material costs and pricing. And next year, I think it's highly unlikely, unless we far exceed the outlook, that incentive compensation would be a headwind. At the outlook level, it's actually a small tailwind. Sales mix, probably still a little bit negative, but nowhere near as negative as it was in 2010. So we've got some tailwinds in 2010 as well. On the material cost question, sometimes, I think that people believe that 100% of our purchases are steel. In fact, most of our purchases are not that raw, if you will. They're not commodities. The vast majority of what we buy are highly engineered components that have mostly value-added, and we don't see the kind of increases there that you do on commodities. We historically have done a lot of good in cost reduction to the point that you made product redesign. That is definitely a component of the material cost. If all we were looking is commodity, what we're doing was looking at commodities and talking about material cost, it would be an increase. The commodity portion of material cost, I think, unless there's some turnaround in where commodities are today which we don't expect, the commodity portion is going to be up. But other cost reductions, sourcing, product redesign, holding back the commodity increase for as long as we can, that should all help.
Mike DeWalt: Well, we haven't set the short-term profit metrics for 2012 yet. We do it for the following year each year. So it's normally based on a stretch goal related to the outlook.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, Doug, I think you're right. Ann, as we talk to our customers, the thing that really kind of holds up, if you would, a pull forward of purchases in that regard, it's just the lack of clarity in terms of where our highway bill goes. And I think if we get to a point in time when there is clarity, duration, size, then you may see some of our major contractors being confident and do some of that.
Mike DeWalt: I tell you, Ann, for each market segment, there's going to be a different driver; for a small contract homebuilder it's going to be residential construction; for the highway construction guys, it's probably a highway bill. It's going to vary by the different segments we serve.
Mike DeWalt: It varies by region, Ann. You've got emerging markets, Brazil, with great clarity, relative to infrastructure projects out in front of them. There, you have a high level of confidence; in North America, a lot more uncertainty. But still improvements on a year-over-year basis.
Mike DeWalt: We added $700 million, I think, in the fourth quarter, about $800 million for the year. We do have, let's just say, a limited inventory build built into the forecast for 2011. We have not quantified it, but it would be far less than $800 million times four or $700 million times four.
Mike DeWalt: I'll just say a couple of things about that. We're going to try not to get into reporting margin down to that level. It's not a segment. So I won't comment on the actual numbers, but what I will tell you is, we've been very pleasantly surprised on the positive side with the acquisition. Their results this year were better than we expected. We've essentially bought them around a trough in the cycle. I think '10 and '11 are probably likely to be the low years for sales. If you just read kind of in the papers, I think you would see railroads getting a little more bullish. So I think all in all, it's gone very well. To be prepared for additional volume in sales, we announced a new assembly facility in Indiana, actually. So I think all in all, it's going pretty well, but we'll refrain from actually doing a deep dive on profit at that level.
Mike DeWalt: Okay. With that, we'll wrap up just one final comment, and that is, we are doing our worldwide Analyst Meeting at CONEXPO on March 23 in the afternoon. We sent invitations out about a week ago. We do have limited seating, so if you want to attend, please respond to the invitation that you got. Thank you very much.
Edward Rapp: This is Ed. I think the thing is, if you look at the pricing environment, it really gets down to our value equation versus our competition and we're going to price in the market. Our business model's pretty straightforward and machine population, which leads to parts and service, which leads to dealer capabilities, I think you know that fairly well. There is a lot of noise in the system in terms of commodity prices. We're very close to that. And to the degree we see more pressure in that area, we also have the ability to turn the dials on price. On the supply chain side, first of all, I think we really got to recognize how our supply chain performed in 2010. I mean, with a largest year-over-year increase in the company history, I'd say they performed exceptionally well. There are areas where it's under strain, and what we're doing is, working very closely with our suppliers. We're marshalling resources into those key areas where we do have some bottlenecks to make sure that we can deliver the volume that we've got in the 2011 plan. But I'd say all in all, our supply chain has performed very well, coming off of a tough bottom in 2009.
Edward Rapp: Seth, I think the confidence comes from probably taking a look back to 2010 when, with some of the similar-type noise in the system relative to commodities, we indicated we thought we could have it down year-over-year which, at the end of the day, we delivered. So we go into the plan with the confidence level, we can keep it flat year-over-year, but if you think about the markets we serve and how we play on both sides of this equation, serving those industries, as well as having material costs, we keep a very close eye on it and if we have to adjust, we will.
Edward Rapp: Mark, this is Ed. I think all the headwinds on the residential side of it already had been in there. If you look at housing starts, '09 or '10 or even our projection in terms of housing starts for '11, will be the three worst years dating back to 1945. So a lot of that headwinds is there. If you look at our retail sales which we released this morning, though, you're going to see good growth even in North America that, I think, is being driven by a number of factors. One, our sales peaked at the end of first quarter '06, so we've been in an extended period of a downturn in North America. You also see it in the average age of our equipment. This is primarily a mature market in North America, so it's a replacement cycle, demand-driven, and you're starting to see that replacement cycle getting very long in the tooth. And I think that's why you're seeing some of the growth in our North American retail sales. In addition to that, if you go back and look at rental fleets, back to the last recession, if you would, of kind of the '02 timeframe versus kind of where we're at today, you'll see rental fleets are down considerably versus that last trough and the average age of equipment has extended. So I think the point you raise is a good one. When we start to see a more robust growth in North America, there's quite a bit of pent-up demand there yet to come: The growth as the residential construction comes back, growth as dealers replenish their dealer inventory levels, and in growth as they replenish rental fleets. So I think all the headwinds are already in. I think the tailwinds come as we get more robust growth in North America.
Edward Rapp: I think in '11 in terms of outlook, we're projecting growth in both of those. I think, at least based on the current growth in the developed parts of the world, the emerging markets are going to be the primary drivers. We talked earlier about China. It's not only important in terms of the growth within the country, but it's that growth and the pressure it puts back on commodities and how that leads to growth in other parts of the world. So I'd say the primary driver for this year, similar to what was in 2010, will be the emerging markets.
Edward Rapp: Andy, this is Ed. On the 2011, one of the Tier 4, as we announced previously, comes with a pretty sizable price increase based on the cost of meeting emissions. The thing I'd say in terms of our overall results, though, it's kind of a net neutral because we're just kind of looking at maintaining a margin rate on that additional content. The other reason that it probably doesn't stick out is, if you think about it, that Tier 4 is only applying on a part of the product line based on the horsepower ranges that go to Tier 4 this year and it only applies in parts of the regions because there's a lot of part of the world that aren't taking Tier 4 equipment, especially the emerging markets which is becoming a bigger and bigger part of our sales mix. So the Tier 4 launch, we think, is on track. We feel good about where we're at in terms of the product development and design. And like I said, we've got the pricing built into the plan to maintain that margin right.
Edward Rapp: Andy, we are actively involved in terms of managing material cost out in front of us. The other thing you got to keep in mind, while the commodity price pressure is there, in most cases, what we're buying in is considerable levels of value add. And so the commodity price increase is just one element of it. If you think about the other drivers, like labor, we talked earlier about unemployment rates. There's not a tremendous amount of inflation pressure on that part of the content. So yes, commodity prices are there driving some upward pressure, but a lot of other factors, in addition to labor, some product design work we're doing, there's some simplification work we talked earlier in terms of Lane. There's some other things we're doing to make sure we can hold down that material cost. And I think our 2010 numbers demonstrated that we were pretty successful with that.
Douglas Oberhelman: I would just add, Doug Oberhelman here, that we have an intense focus on industry leadership inside China by 2015. And to get there, it's going to take, as we said in the Q&A, at least 24,000 excavators being produced in China for China by the end of '13. We're on a path to deliver that and I'm hopeful we can get it done even a little bit early. We've also ramped up the wheel loader production both in our Sim [Simulator] product line, as well as our Cat product line in Suzhou. And I am optimistic that everything we have going, including our CapEx, our marketing and distribution in the organization is on a path to get there and deliver leadership PINS in wheel loaders and excavators by 2015. Everything we're doing is aiming at that.
Douglas Oberhelman: Now I would just add, Mark, a comment. Personally, I'm a bit more optimistic on housing because while I don't see it today, and we talked to a lot of our contractors and our dealers in the U.S., and there's absolutely nothing happening today, but it's a function of -- I think a direct function of the unemployment rate. And as the year goes on, I think we may see that unemployment rate come down and drive some housing more than anybody's expecting today. But yet to be seen. There is no way you can call it at this moment because everything's negative, everybody we talk to says it's not going to happen. But we do have record low mortgage rates that still persist. We get people back to work in the U.S. and maybe Western Europe, I think things will start to happen. So we'll watch that and see how it plays out. But it has yet to be seen because right now, you can't see it. But I think we'll see that later in the year at some point and beyond.
Douglas Oberhelman: I'll just add here, I would say we were met with high levels of skepticism, if not guffaws, when we first rolled out that $8 to $10 in 2012, kind of at the bottom of the worst recession. Mike has kind of calibrated the walk to 2011 and near $6. We are sticking by our guns on the $8 to $10 in the sales ranges that he mentioned without the acquisitions at this point in time. The key thing we are focusing on very much is that incremental operating margin. And I think all of us really felt good about 30% in '10 and the outlook calls for 25% in '11. And that gets us there just based on the numbers that we have provided all of you back in Wall Street, both at August of '09 and August of '10 when we updated it. So that's the one to watch. We've gotten our outlook, it's a step on the way to '12, and we are sticking by our guns on those numbers.
Douglas Oberhelman: I'll let Mike kind of handle the specifics on the numbers and let him think about that a minute. But you mentioned that we have a PINS focus more than we've had the last two years. That is definitely correct. And we have some aggressive targets over the next few years, worldwide PINS leadership in 2015 as we've communicated before and we're ramping up to get there. So we are balancing that, and we are often asked how are we going to do that? Part of that's your cost structure improvements and you saw some of that in 2010, and we're talking more about that in 2011. So market share drives our business model. Steel population allows our dealers to invest in good times and then thrive through the bad times and we're going to continue to do that, and yes we have ramped that up. And, Mike, I'll let you get back to the other specifics in David's question.
Douglas Oberhelman: Let me jump in there. The trough target of $2.50 was a key piece of our performance in '09, and we agreed going into that year, we're going to hold it: if we didn't make it, we wouldn't pay. What we try to do is, when we stake out a business plan as we have done for '11 in terms of profit per share, and actually our incentive plan effectively runs off an ROA [return on assets], so we recalibrate it to return on assets. But about the plan, whatever that turns out to be and it's usually fairly close to our outlook, that becomes our target payout. If we don't make that number, it just slides down the percentage. But we'll keep in 2011 the $2.50 bottom end for that, and we expect around $6, whatever the ROA equivalent to that to be our payout then for 2011. No comments on '12, but the process and system has been in place for many, many years.
Douglas Oberhelman: I'll start with the '12 and we're not going to make any comments. But we are sticking to our $8 to $10 forecast we put out back in '09 and refreshed in '10, at that $55 billion to $60 billion range, I think, without the acquisitions, and that's all we're going to say on '12. As far as the bonus depreciation of 100%, Mike, I'll let you comment and add. We've worked some of that in. I don't know if to the extent that's going to be successful. It really depends on where the economy is in the U.S. at that point in time.
Douglas Oberhelman: We have a limited number of countries outside China where we would offer the Sim brand of wheel loader around the world. And as we expand capacity in China to make more wheel loaders, we'll do that. Right now we're doing all we can to satisfy demand in China with just a few limited exports to a few developing countries where there's a demand for that. It will be a very minor number.
Douglas Oberhelman: I'm not going to do a deep dive on profit, but we are absolutely thrilled with our purchase of EMD, what we found inside EMD and the opportunities that we're looking at, which are rosier than our business case projection when we bought that company; particularly with the freight railroads picking up as they are and some of the things that we can bring to EMD from our distribution that we have not exactly contemplated. So we are absolutely thrilled with it.
