Jim Umpleby: Thanks for your question, Rob. So just in terms of the backlog, the largest backlog increase was actually in Energy & Transportation and as orders continue to strengthen for both solar and for recip oil and gas. And as you know, those products tend to have longer lead times. Having said that, we are certainly working with our dealers to help them satisfy end-user demand. We do have a new S&OP process, and we do feel good about the quality of the orders that we’re getting in E&T and RI, again, which tend to have some of those longer lead times. So again, just a real positive backdrop moving forward.
Jim Umpleby: You bet. Oil and gas customers do continue to display capital discipline. However, we are encouraged by the improvement in orders for both recip and solar. As I mentioned earlier, those products tend to have longer lead times. Higher oil prices are leading to increased utilization and refurbishment of frac assets, and it’s an improved opportunity for pump and flow iron as well. Then in terms of your question around margins, as you can imagine, as volume increases in solar and oil and gas, that will help. Also, we’ve mentioned previously that we took price action in Energy & Transportation around engines later than we did machines. And as those price actions continue to take effect that will also help margins as we move throughout the year.
Jim Umpleby: Again, certainly, we’re making investments in sustainability and some of the things we’re doing there around alternative drivetrains. So we’re making those investments. But again, the other side of it is, of course, improving volume and price.
Jim Umpleby: Yes, Steve, I believe I mentioned commodity prices being supportive of RI as opposed to CI. But just to talk about CI a bit. Again, we talked about residential, non-residential improving infrastructure investments being made by various governments around the world. So, those are all tailwinds for CI. The commodity prices certainly are supportive of investment in RI and of course, E&T as well with oil prices.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks for your question, David. And as we’ve been talking about for a couple of years, we’ve been expecting moderate increase over time in mining, and that’s really how it’s played out. Our customers are continue to display capital discipline. But in fact, we’re seeing investments we’re seeing new orders for trucks. Parked trucks remain at low levels as utilization increases. In terms of coal, certainly, coal prices have been up for the last year or so remains to be seen exactly how this plays out. If there are prolonged restrictions on natural gas, we’re seeing in Europe and other places, there, in fact, could be increased demand for coal. But having said that, again, we’ve seen improved coal prices over the last year. And so commodities in the sector have been supportive of investment across a wide range of commodities, and I put coal in that bucket as well.
Jim Umpleby: You bet. Well, we’re pleased with services growth in the quarter. We released the annual services sales and revenues once a year. And so we will do that in January for full year 2022. Having said that, we continue to make progress with our various initiatives. We’re pleased at the way things are going, and we’re still driving towards that target of doubling services sales between 2016 and 2026.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks for your question, and we do feel good about our competitive position. Just starting quickly with solar, they have a strong – they have strong leadership in the market. And we are very pleased at the way they are positioned moving forward. On the recipe side, we made a number of changes. As you know, we made the acquisition of – from were, and we now have a more complete product line, which really does put us in a we believe in a strong competitive position as our customers work to reduce their carbon footprint as they increased oil and gas production And as you can imagine, particularly in North America, there is a real strong focus by our oil and gas customers to do that. So again, we feel good about the way we are positioned there with our portfolio now. E-fracking, we have gas engines being purchased by our oil and gas customers for e-frac. So, again, a whole variety of things going on there. Customers are buying our DGB engine, which allows them to substitute up to 85% diesel fuel with natural gas. So again, we believe we are quite well positioned.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks for your question. Firstly, in terms of demand for CI in North America, it is quite strong. And as I mentioned earlier, supply chain challenges prevented us from having even higher sales in the quarter. Having said that, Caterpillar has a strong rental business. If you add up Cat dealers across North America, it is a strong business and something our dealers are very focused on. And we have a relatively new rental leader, so we are working on improving our capabilities there. Having said that, the real issue is supply chain. So if we had, in fact, more product, we could have more product in the rental fleets, and our dealers have to make decisions between putting units in the rental fleet and selling to customers because demand is strong everywhere. And so really, this is a function of our ability to produce more product due to supply chain constraints as opposed to anything structural. Certainly, rental is important. It’s a growing part of the business, but it’s one that we believe we are very well positioned to participate in. The big issue we have at the moment is, again, the ongoing supply chain challenges, which we have been discussing.
Jim Umpleby: Well, we remain positive about mining and continue to see increases in user demand. And again, it’s playing out much as we have been predicting the last couple of years with improving market conditions, improving orders and improving sales. So, we feel good about that CapEx is up. Commodity prices remain certainly supportive of investment, and we are seeing demand for both services, parts and new machines. Parked trucks remain at low levels. Utilization has been increasing and a lot of interest in our – in zero emissions as well. So, we have seen a lot of announcements there, things that we are doing with customers. Machine average age continues to increase. And so parts rebuilt in aftermarket services are expected to benefit from those aged fleets. So again, mining is playing out much as we had anticipated.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. The way we characterized it here, yes, we do expect price to more than offset manufacturing cost increases in 2022, and we expect more of an impact of pricing in the second half versus the first half. We continually monitor the marketplace in terms of what’s going on from a competitive situation. We obviously take into account what’s happening from a cost perspective as well. And we have the flexibility to do what we need to do, but we have taken pricing action. And again, the pricing actions that we have taken will have a larger impact in the second half of the year versus the first. But certainly, we always have the flexibility to do more if we believe that’s appropriate.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. Thank you. As you mentioned, certainly, the North American freight locomotive market is depressed. There is no question about it. We do have a services business that is doing well. We have hope for international this year as well. Hard to answer your question, it’s very difficult to predict what the railroads would do over the next couple of years. I mean we can – anyone on the call can build competing cases there for what’s happening. So, there is still parked locomotives. On the other hand, everyone knows what’s going on with some of the freight constraints in the U.S. as well. So, we will have to see how it all plays out. We are seeing interest in our battery electric locomotives that are used in switching applications. And we are pleased with that, and you probably have read about an agreement that we have to work on longer term solution for hydrogen-based locomotive as well. So again, very difficult to predict what the railroads would do, but I certainly concur that currently, the market for freight locomotives in North America is quite depressed.
Jim Umpleby: We brought and we say, as I mentioned earlier, certainly, mining is playing out the way we expected in terms of increased orders. Our lead times are not extended as anywhere near as much as they were during the prior peak a number of years ago, but we are working with our customers and are working very hard to meet their lead time requirements. And I think we are quite close to that.
Andrew Bonfield: And as I indicated, Jamie, we would expect just the same for the other segment’s margins to improve in the second half of the year in Energy & Transportation.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So if you’ll recall, I think, fourth quarter, we had about $600 million of price and about $800 million increase in manufacturing costs. Obviously, this quarter was a similar level in manufacturing. Cost increases and price was a little bit better at $700 million. We thought we would probably be about around the same in the first quarter as we have been in the fourth quarter. We also indicated that we would expect manufacturing cost increases to continue at this sort of level for the – at least Q1 and Q2 and then moderate as we get into Q3, Q4, because of the impact of lapping the increases that have occurred in Q3, Q4 of the previous year. Yes, it is likely that those costs will be slightly higher than we had originally anticipated back in January because, obviously, the input costs are continuing to grow. However, we have taken extra price actions. So that’s why we’re still more than comfortable that price will more than offset manufacturing cost increases for the year. So that will be probably the way I would look at it as we go out for the remainder of 2022.
Andrew Bonfield: I mean the one – the only small factor that I would raise, and it’s a very small factor, is that obviously, there is $300 million of extra inventories put out by CI very late in the quarter, which would otherwise not be a normal seasonal impact. So, that will impact a little bit of their reported revenues in Q2. Aside from that, we expect normal seasonality. As you know, demand is very strong for our product. The biggest challenge is actually being able to supply the market. We would be able to – if we have to put more products into the channel, we would sell more. So, that would be the really key factor there.
Andrew Bonfield: And then, Ross, on your question around on momentum, obviously, there were a couple of factors in Q1, which did cause a deceleration. I know you are looking at machines, not Energy & Transportation. Obviously, solar was the impact in E&T. And then, obviously, China was disproportionately, it was a very strong quarter in the comps last year, and that has a disproportionate impact, and we will need to see how that pans out in Q2. Overall, though, we do expect actually to see a very positives again in Q2 versus the comparable period.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. I mean just in the quarter, obviously, we did see slightly faster growth in heavy construction and quarry and ag versus mining, but they were still both up very strongly. As regards the retail stats, obviously, the dealer inventory, the 300 – the approximately $300 million of units that are out there which are being reassembled by the dealers before being sold to the customer. Those will be reflected in retail units in Q2. So, that will help the overall retail stats for RI in the second quarter.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So, obviously, as you know, our incentive compensation schemes use a variety of measures, not just operating profit, OPEC, services revenues, and there are other non-financial metrics that are out there. As we said, the performance for the first quarter was actually a little bit better than we expected not just from a revenue perspective, but also a little bit better on margins. And so that is reflective of where that’s feeding through into some of that incentive compensation change.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So Tim, I mean obviously, what we have been very clear on is in the situation where we are with the supply chain challenges switching off supply is not probably the best – it’s not a sensible thing because while you are waiting for individual components to arrive is better to make sure that you don’t end up with a shortage of something else as a result of switching off. So, we have built a little bit more production stores inventory than we would normally have. We did that at the end of 2020 as well, and that was a deliberate action reflecting the fact that we expected an upturn. Obviously, that has continued. We know that the demand is out there. So, we know we will be able to burn off pretty quickly as and when we are able to work through all the other supply chain challenges that are out there. Our expectation is, obviously, we saw builds in Q1 aim is probably to be more neutral on working capital for the full year. And obviously, we start to work some of that inventory down as we go through the remainder of the year. And obviously, then that can go through into positive cash momentum as we move into ‘23 and beyond.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. I mean I think as you know, the challenge in the environment we are in at the moment is predicting what the likely outcome is going to be within a range that’s probably narrow enough for people to do. I mean unfortunately, part of the reason why your estimates are wide is because our estimates are wide as well because of the uncertainty. So, you have to take those into account. So, that’s part of the reason why we haven’t reinstated guidance. But I think it is one thing that we will come back to in due course as and when things stabilize in the external environment but not at this stage. There is – I have just had a written question and somebody just asked a question about retail stats and whether pricing is included in retail stats. Just to be clear, retail stats are dollar neutralized, price neutralized. Pricing is not in the retail stats. So, that is a pure volume number on a comparable basis.
