Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Caterpillar's fourth quarter earnings call.  Joining us today are Jim Umpleby, Chairman of the Board and CEO; Andrew Bonfield, CFO; and Kyle Epley, Vice President of our Global Finance Services division; and Rob Rengel, Senior IR Manager. Our call today expands on our earnings release which we issued earlier this morning. You'll find slides to accompany today's presentation along with the release in the Investors section of caterpillar.com, under Events & Presentations. For retail stats, look at our 8-K filed a few minutes after that. As shown on slide 2, any forward-looking statements we make today are subject to risks and uncertainty. We also make assumptions that could cause our actual results to be different than the information we discuss today. Please refer to our recent SEC filings and the forward-looking statements reminder in today's news release for details on factors that individually or combined could cause our actual results to vary materially from our forecasts. Let me remind you that Caterpillar has copyrighted this call. We prohibit use of any portion of it without our prior written approval. As previously indicated, today we're reporting adjusted profit per share in addition to our US GAAP results. Our adjusted profit per share for the fourth quarter excludes our pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment for the remeasurement of pension and other postemployment benefit plans. The adjustment was $0.65 per share in the fourth quarter or $0.64 per share for the fiscal year.  Our adjusted profit per share for the full year also excludes the $0.31 discrete tax items from the first quarter of 2019. In the 2018 fiscal year, our adjusted profit per share excludes restructuring cost in addition to both tax related and pension OPEB mark-to-market adjustments. our US GAAP-based guidance for 2020 profit per share includes estimated restructuring costs for the year and continues to exclude pension and OPEB mark-to-market impacts.  Now, let's turn to slide three and turn the call over to Jim for his perspective on 2019 and our outlook for 2020.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Andrew. We will now move to the Q&A portion of the call. In order to include questions from more of our covering analyst, we ask that you please limit yourself to a single question. If you have a follow-up question, we'd invite you to reenter the queue. Paul, please begin the Q&A.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Jim. Thanks everybody who joined us for our call today. If you missed any portion of the call, you can catch it by replay online later this morning. We will post a transcript on the Investor Relations site within one business day.  If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to Rob or me. Rob is at rengel_rob@cat.com. I'm at driscoll_jennifer@cat.com. And the general phone number in investor relations is +1-309-675-4549. And let me ask Paul to conclude our call.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. Ann, thank you. It's Andrew. So, couple of factors within Q4. As I mentioned, one, geographic mix was a factor as well. So, obviously, if you think about the way we price, particularly North America as a stronger pricing region, and so that geographic mix, given the reduction in inventory came through the price line. We expect that to continue as we do reduce dealer inventory through 2020. So, that will have an impact on pricing, particularly as you look at mix through the year. So, probably actually first half pricing will be a little bit weaker than we see, expect it for the for the second half. We have put modest price increases through. Obviously, we need to see how much of that sticks again and how much you have to put back into programs. Yes, your point about, we didn't see much demand being stimulated, yes, because we did see a reduction in the sales to users in the fourth quarter. We believe that had we not actually put that pricing behind, they may have actually a little bit worse than that. So, that was part of the programs being put in place.
Andrew Bonfield: No. It's the geographic mix. So, as you go through, if you look what's in our pricing line, it includes changes in geographic mix. We base it on a rate per unit. And, obviously, North American units tend to have a higher price because they are higher stakes than prices across the rest of the world. So, therefore, you do tend to then see a negative price variance coming through as a result of that with lower new North American sales. 
Andrew Bonfield: I don't think we've said anything about China pricing. We're talking about China sales. We said we expect China sales to be down flat to slightly down in 2020. We haven't talked about pricing by territory or market.
Andrew Bonfield: Great question, Jerry. It's Andrew. Thank you very much. This is exactly why we don't talk about incrementals and decrementals anymore. What we have done, obviously, through the last downturn, the company took out a significant amount of structural costs. And as we've gone through the last couple of years where we've seen an upcycle, we have not put that cost back in the business. What that meant, obviously, is margins improve, absolute margins improve over time, which is why we gave the Investor Day targets of improving margins by 3% to 6% against historical performance.  On the way down, because we are not – we haven't put a lot of structural costs back in, there's not a lot of structural cost to cut, so you will see, obviously, higher deleverage as you go down.  Also, because we're expecting this relatively to be a pause rather than some fundamental change in the market, we are continuing to invest in both services and in R&D, particularly for NPI, new product introductions. That is important for us because that drives long-term growth. So, we maintain the flexibility. How we are managing it? We're managing against those margin targets. We look at the absolute margin to make sure we stay within that 3% to 6% range against the level of sales and revenues we're expecting next year and we do believe the plan we've got does do that. 
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. So, obviously, volume is going to have a major impact next year as we go through. Obviously, that is the biggest single factor. And, obviously, operating leverage is a factor in the margin.  With regards to the other part, obviously, we're expecting pricing to be about flat next year. We are expecting some favorability in material cost, as I mentioned, particularly around steel, and also because of some programs we've put in place. How much of that feeds through into margins next year will depend on how quickly we get those programs through out of inventory and actually into sales. We're also start expecting lower freight next year. Freight costs have been high for the last couple of years, and partly because of, obviously, trying to meet end user demand. But now with lead times being in a better place, we don't expect as much premium freight to occur.
Andrew Bonfield: Part of the reason why I tried to talk a little bit about the phasing for next year is, yes, do not expect the historic trends to prevail. As you know, normally, first quarter is a relatively strong quarter. Always a strong quarter from a margin perspective as we build inventory heading into selling season. And then, obviously, the second half is slightly weaker than the first half, but that is the normal pattern, both from a sales and revenue and also from a profitability perspective.  Your assumptions you're making are fairly accurate based on what we're seeing. We do expect dealer inventory to have an impact on the first half. As I said, CI will see some build in Q1, but that should be broadly flat by Q2. RI will see a steady decline through the first half of the year versus a build last year. So, that is the likely outcome as we move. And so, yes, you can't just – you won't be able to just simply be able to use the seasonal trends as a plug in your model, I'm afraid.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. David, we work with our dealers, but they are managing their businesses themselves. So, we can't manage their inventory for them. However, based on our expectations on order patterns we're seeing from dealers, we do expect that they will be working hard to reduce their inventory in the first half of the year. We can't make a 100% commitment, but, obviously, we do expect the vast majority of that to happen in the first half.
Andrew Bonfield: With regards to residential/non-residential, construction equipment relating to that is what we're expecting to see the decline.
Andrew Bonfield: Okay. Jamie, so we have said we would – this year we expect – beginning of the year, we said that, for 2019, that we expect the restructuring cost now to normalize at between $100 million and $200 million a year. We were slightly above that. You will have heard me say that we were $236 million for 2019. We expect a normal level in 2020. So, between the $100 million to $200 million is the sort of normal level we would have.  The $200 million, actually, yes, you're correct. It does relate to some products which are delivering OPACC. We've got to go through with doing the evaluation of the actions we can do. And at the moment, our guidance does not take into account that there would be any savings associated with these measures in 2020. We think more likely that will be in 2021 anyway.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. Repurchases in the EPS guide. And, yes, we will keep you updated on this because, I think, as the charges come through, we'll pick it up and then we'll talk to you about what we're expecting from a benefit perspective.
James Umpleby: Good morning, Joe. So, really have to look at it by our various industry. There's no kind of one answer that covers all of those. We talked about the fact that, in mining, that business can be quite lumpy and that can be reflected in both our sales and our retail stats as well. Activity in mining continues to be strong. A lot a discussions with customers, lots of quotes, but our customers are being cautious, as we mentioned earlier. But we do expect that slow gradual increase to occur in mining and we're expecting a stronger six months than – last six months of the year be stronger than the first six.  In oil and gas, we do anticipate the depressed market conditions in North American onshore production to continue in well servicing, recip gas compression and drilling. We do expect that to continue.  CI is a bit of a mixed bag. Again, we talked about our expectations there for CI. I really don't have anything to add on top of that.
James Umpleby: Yeah. Starting with solar, as we indicated, solar had a solid fourth quarter both on the OE and on the service side. And we do expect their service sales going forward to remain resilient. That's been proved many, many times. So, we do expect that to be the case. We had mentioned a number of times over the last year, there's a bit of a pent-up demand for oil and gas parts for rebuilds that resulted in increased sales in 2017 and 2018. So, with the pressure on North American oil and gas, that business will remain challenged through 2020.
James Umpleby: And maybe just to expand on that answer just a bit, one of the things that Andrew mentioned earlier is we're really paying a lot of attention to end user demand. Our dealers are independent businesses, but we're working with them to ensure that we don't have too much dealer inventory. And in the past, I'd argue that some of our cyclicality has been exacerbated by movements in dealer inventory. So, by shortening our lead times, having a dealer inventory that is appropriate for market demand, we believe that we will have a dampening effect on our cyclicality, which is part of what we're trying to accomplish. 
James Umpleby: Yeah. What we indicated, I believe, is that we expect our sales to be flat to slightly down in 2020. We talked earlier about the fact that we're continually introducing new products as part of our expanded offering strategies. GC products and certainly a big part of that target customer audience is in China. We're continuing to build out our dealer network, continue to build out our footprint there, along with connected assets and all the other things we're doing. We believe that we're well-positioned to compete in China moving forward.
James Umpleby: And one of the reasons that our fourth-quarter inventory didn't decline as much as we anticipated is because end user sales were lower than our expectations. So, obviously, end user sales has an impact on inventory in the quarter.
James Umpleby: Yeah. In terms of lead times, we were working on this lean journey for a long time. And, obviously, if we can find ways to reduce our lead times, it helps us both in the up cycle to respond more quickly to increases in changes in demand and also allows us to cut back more quickly, so we don't have an overhang, which help to dampen the impact of the cycles. Again, we've got our total team focused on reducing cycle times, all part of that lean journey and really trying to synchronize across the value chain. And I think we're doing a better job of that than we have in the past. But it's a never-ending journey.
James Umpleby: Yeah. Whether it's China or any other part of the world, the competitive landscape is continually changing as we introduce new products, our competitors introduce new products. So, that's nothing new. And so, again, you look anywhere in the world over time, we see changes in the competitive situation. We have demonstrated our ability to successfully compete in China. We've localized – we have a local leadership team. We have dozens of factories. We have localized our supply chain and we continue to build out our dealer network and increase services and connectivity and introduce new products. So, again, competitive situation in China or anywhere in the world is fluid, but we're very committed to be successful in that market and I believe it demonstrated we can be successful competitively.
James Umpleby: Jamie, to add in there, we're also continuing to look at ways to reduce our structural cost, particularly in the areas of back office, procurement and all the rest. And we do expect, again, over time, to have improved performance as a result of that. Again, relatively limited impact in 2020. But we're really trying to take the right steps in 2020 to set ourselves up for the future with a lower structural cost.
James Umpleby: I think you really have to look at it by segment. So, in Resource Industries, and mining in particular, we believe that the second half will be stronger than the first half. Again, we feel there is a slow gradual recovery occurring in mining. Our customers are cautious. But just based on the quoting activity and the amount of that that's going on, we do anticipate that there'll be a stronger last half of the year than first half. In construction, don't anticipate any dramatic changes first half to second half. Oil and gas, onshore, we expect that to remain depressed throughout the year. Solar and rail typically have strong fourth quarters. It's that way almost every year. And we have no reason to think that wouldn't happen again.
James Umpleby: Thank you all for joining the call and appreciate your questions. CAT faced several challenges in 2019 and I'm very proud of our team of employees, how they met those challenges with determination. They've allowed us to meet our operating margin targets that we set on our Investor Day and do the other things we said we would do.  And we continue to advance our strategy for profitable growth. We are investing significantly in services, expanded offerings and working on that operational excellence. Record safety year, shortening lead times, working on the cost structure.  And certainly, 2020 will bring its own set of challenges and opportunities, but we remain focused on delivering additional value to our customers and our shareholders, and we'll continue to execute our strategy for profitable growth. Thanks for your time.
