Jim Umpleby: Jamie, to answer your first question. So we accrue for incentive compensation based on our expectation for full year results. And as you know from our proxy, primarily our incentive compensation is based on operating profit, OPEC and services revenues. So again, the increase in the quarter was not due to the quarter, but it was due to our expectations for the full year. Your second question, we have not seen a significant improvement in supply chain. It's still hand-to-hand combat. Our teams are working way through those issues. Again, very proud of the team that they're able to turn in double-digit sales growth despite those supply chain challenges, but we have not seen them ease. It changes from component to component. 1 day, it's one issue, 1 day, it's another issue. But at the macro level, we have not yet seen an improvement.
Jim Umpleby: So to answer your first question, we do expect volume to grow and price to improve sequentially and year-over-year in the third and fourth quarters.
Jim Umpleby: And as it typically the case, Energy & Transportation will have strong -- will be stronger at the end of the year than they were in the first half of the year, particularly solar turbines.
Jim Umpleby: Yes, a couple of comments. So our backlog increase of $2 billion was primarily driven -- was led by Energy & Transportation. And as we've mentioned previously, we have seen an increase in orders from solar turbines oil and gas customers that will start to impact us in late 2022 and into 2023. Our backlog in Resource Industries remains healthy and would have increased if not for some Russia cancellations that we had. So again, as we look forward, we're not making a prediction about 2023. But again, that strong backlog does help us feel good. The other thing is Construction Industries, the infrastructure bill, we believe it will start to impact us in late 2022 and into 2023. So again, for those -- I'll provide that as color, although obviously, we're not making a 2023 prediction at this point.
Jim Umpleby: Well, certainly, our mining customers continue to display capital discipline. Having said that, we're encouraged by the conversations that we're having with our mining customers. They're making decisions based on a very long-term view. And of course, the energy transition is creating perceived additional demand for many commodities moving forward, think about electric vehicles, think about other kinds of minerals that will need to be mined based to support the energy transition. So having said that, we mentioned that we had some cancellations in Russia. But again, we remain quite positive based on -- for the medium and long-term outlook for mining based on the conversations that we're having with customers.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks for your question, Michael. And of course, we have a rental business as well that our dealers are very focused on. And again, we are in a supply chain constrained environment. So dealer has to make a decision between putting something in the rental fleet or selling it to a retail customer who wants that equipment. And so our retail fleet is aging. Having said that, we're not concerned about share. We're holding our own. It's really an issue of still strong demand and just our ability to completely meet that strong demand. Again, we did turn in a total company level, double-digit sales growth.
Jim Umpleby: Yes, we're still dealing with an inflationary environment, and we have not seen a decrease from our suppliers as a result of commodity price reductions. As you know, it takes a while for those kind of changes to work their way through the supply chain. And of course, there's volatility there as well. So, no. The short answer to the question is no, we haven't seen any moderation in those costs.
Jim Umpleby: And as you know, we've been very focused on services in the last few years and one of the main elements of that is to increase the value that we provide to our customers. So it's not simply a always a price discussion. We know we must be competitive, that's very important, but we also strive to deliver increased value to our customers, minimizing downtime, maximizing availability, great product support, dealers do a great job supporting them. So again, it's more than just price. We're really focused on through our services initiatives, increasing the value that we provide to our customers. And that's all part of their purchasing decision.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. It's a whole variety of issues. And certainly, utilization is up, which we feel good about, but we're also gaining traction on our service initiatives, everything from the investments that we've made to increase parts availability using a system that we call Pick [ph], which allows us to work with our dealers to ensure that we have the right parts and anticipate what customers will need. We now have 1.2 million connected assets. So that gives us much better visibility for everything from getting the right parts to the right dealer so that the customers get them when they need it to allowing us to help customers avoid downtime, maximizing availability, maximize production. We've also invested significantly in our e-commerce capability, and we're seeing good progress there. Again, a whole range of digital investments that we're making are really starting to produce results, and we're very bullish on that. So it's really a combination of both. Certainly, utilization is up, but also we're seeing positive results from all the hard work of our teams over the last few years.
Jim Umpleby: Well, starting with Europe. Revenues were down in the quarter, largely a result of the strengthening dollar. So it's really a currency issue. General business activity has moderated in the EU, and we'll keep a close eye on that. But there are -- as you know, there has been -- there was an EU infrastructure package that passed and we're watching that closely as well, and that certainly could positively impact us moving forward. So again, we're watching it very closely. There's some positives. There are some things that aren't so positive. So we'll see how it all plays out. In China, we have seen the market weaken, as I mentioned. We had a couple of very strong years in 2020 and particularly in 2021. It's too early for us to really predict what's going to happen there. To your specific question, again, we'll continue to support our customers there. And again, what we see now, of course, is a weaker market for that 10-ton and above excavator market than we had previously.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So answer to your first question is no, we haven't seen cancellations outside of Russia. So again, the demand remains strong across most of our end markets. And as we've been discussing here this morning, our backlog is up. So again, we haven't seen cancellations. In rail, yes, there are -- obviously, we're always working to produce our -- to maximize our service revenue in locomotives. And yes, upgrades and -- that we perform do go into services, if we do service work on those locomotives. So again, as you know, the number of stored locomotives is still high. It's below the 2020 peak. But again, we continue to support our customers, and that produces service opportunities for us in rail.
Jim Umpleby: Right. And certainly, dealer inventory and dealer rental fleets are lower than most dealers would like at the moment due to a combination of strong demand and the supply chain constraints we have. So I do believe that when supply chain constraints start to ease, both of those represent an opportunity for us to get our dealer inventory back more towards what would be typical for them to expect and also give them an opportunity to increase their rental fleets as well. So I do believe, again, not time-bounding that, but certainly, when supply chain conditions ease, that does create an opportunity for us.
Jim Umpleby: Residential demand today remains healthy for us. Certainly, it could moderate somewhat due to interest rates and inflation. However, nonresidential demand is stable outside of China. And again, as I mentioned, due to the infrastructure bill, we are bullish that nonresidential construction in North America, U.S. particularly will improve due to the bill in late 2022 and into 2023.
Jim Umpleby: And Rob, maybe just to add on to that. So as you know, we've worked very hard on our lean manufacturing processes over the last few years. And it has been a struggle just given the supply chain challenges. And we have -- and we all learned a new term called decommit, where a supplier, or one of their suppliers decommit so we get some last-minute surprises. So we're certainly not operating our factories as efficiently as we would like and as efficiently as we did before we started to come out of the pandemic. But again, we're continuing to work those issues hard and again, it's something that proud of the team despite those issues, which is creating some inefficiencies, which just create some additional costs, we were still able to turn in double-digit top line growth during the quarter.
Andrew Bonfield: However, let me just add, one of the things, if you recall, Jamie, is normally, we have a stronger first half from a production perspective, particularly in Construction Industries. Obviously, as you -- normally, you would see revenues decline in the second half. We don't expect that because, obviously, we expect to be able to now use some of that production capacity to meet some of the end user demand. Within Resource Industries, we will expect -- we've had some commissioning delays. We've continued to see that. We expect those to ease, which will help us in the second half from a Street perspective. So that's not really supply chain related. And then finally, in Energy & Transportation, as always, we do expect a stronger second half of the year. That overall gives us confidence without actually any change in supply chain that we should be able to see through improvement in the second half of the year.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. And as far as actually the percentage is concerned, obviously, the issue, obviously, in the second half on a volume basis, there's a -- volume includes both services revenues as well as SKUs. So obviously, it's dependent on how both of those perform. And on the sort of pricing level, as we've said consistently, we expect pricing to improve in the second half of the year, which should drive overall improvement as we go through the year. Reminder, we did have some price increases in the second half of 2021 as well.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. I mean, obviously, our expectation is still for the full year that we don't expect a significant change in dealer inventory. As you know, we have had a small build year-to-date. Obviously, it's dependent again where demand is product by product for how those dealer inventory movements will occur for the remainder of the year. But obviously -- and also part of the inventory build is within Resource Industries where we are having some commissioning delays. We expect those to work out as we go through the year. It really is mostly a function of the end-user demand. As we say, the challenge for us at the moment is around being able to meet that end user demand from a supply chain perspective.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes, Chad. So first of all, obviously, as we started the year, we did expect a moderation of supply chain or manufacturing cost increases as we went through the year. And obviously, we start to lap some of the significant increases in the back half, both material cost and freight cost inflation, it remains. So I think we've taken the appropriate pricing actions. So we're optimistic about the ability for us to more than offset. Obviously, I'm not going to predict about where we are looking in Q3 and Q4. However, the delta between price and manufacturing costs, which is really the most important part from our perspective, will actually get wider and that really is to help us actually catch back up some of the shortfalls we've seen over the previous few quarters. So from a margin perspective, that will be a positive. With regards to the corporate expenses, I mean just -- again, just to reiterate, corporate items and eliminations include a lot of items, which are -- they relate to the business units, but obviously were accounted for on a business unit-specific basis. The inventory impact is a reasonably sized number. We had a -- and we actually -- I think it was about $100-odd million last quarter and a similar number this year, quarter. The other things in there include things like warranty costs and profit inventories. All of those things are impacts, which actually do underline the impact of the overall margins within the segment. So just one thing challenging for you guys to model, but obviously, we're just trying to be as clear as we can about it.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. And fundamentally, I mean, obviously, rental is a financing decision and obviously has cost implications. And so obviously, for a lot of our customers who are using the machine on a more frequent basis, rental is not necessarily the best option because of the cost implications. That's why we do believe over time, as the supply chain eases, they will be buying machines, and we know they do want those machines. But obviously, in a short-term basis, they may use rental as a stop gap until they are able to get their machine from us.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So I mean, obviously, as we look through, I mean, obviously, as you know, we do have some price protection on orders in the backlog that, as we say, is always taken into account when we're thinking about the decisions. As far as the competitive dynamic, I'm not seeing any impact on share relative as a result of the price increases we've taken. So we are -- obviously, we'll always keep a close eye on that. But generally, we are -- as we said, we actually saw price be slightly better than we expected in the quarter. And so that is a net positive for us and around. And obviously, demand for machines remain strong, which helps from a pricing environment perspective.
Andrew Bonfield: And just a reminder to everybody, when we do see demand softening in certain areas that always mean -- and because we are in a supply chain constrained time and particularly around things like engine control modules, that means those can be reallocated to areas where there's stronger demand. So net-net, actually shouldn't actually have any impact on us overall.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So obviously, yes, I mean, Rob, we are still seeing issues in the factories, which are causing some impacts on variable labor and burdens across that. Obviously, our assumption in the second half is that those will be slightly better, but not necessarily flowing through as efficiently as possible. We're continually working through as best as we can to make sure that. But price is the biggest driver because obviously, as you know, we put through those increases and order to try and offset some of that material cost inflation that's gone through. But yes, there is inefficiency, but we're hoping that some of that will ease as we go through the remainder of the year.
