Jim Umpleby: Well, good morning, Ann. This is Jim. I'll answer your last question first, and I'll turn it back over to Andrew for the rest. Just -- on that supply chain, as we mentioned, we're working very hard to avoid or minimize allowing supply chain issues to lead to production shortfalls that would impact our ability to meet this improving customer demand. So, at this point, we're not saying that we'll definitely have a problem. We want to flag that it's a risk that we're managing, but certainly our goal is to, again, work very hard to minimize or limit any impact there. So, I don't want to speculate on -- go beyond that. That's really where we are.
Jim Umpleby: Good morning, Brett. Thanks for your question. We're not going to try to go into that level of detail. So, what we're saying is that we'll be within our target range for adjusted operating margins, but again with all the puts and takes that we described this morning, we're not going to get into -- telling you exactly where we are within that range, but we expect to be within it.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks Jamie. Within Resource Industries, we have Energy & Transportation occasionally as well. It's a lumpy business where you can have a large project move quarter-to-quarter, move our margins, move our price realization. And the comments that we made were in the context of price. And we talked about the fact that we had a large strategic -- in large strategic deals count in the quarter, book in the quarter that impacted price. So, we always -- when we look at a project, we take into account the future services opportunity. We always do that. And so, again, with those lumpy [ph] businesses, you should expect things to move around quarter-to-quarter, and what we're really focused on is that long-term profitable growth that comes from growing services, seeding the population, growing the aftermarket, but you'll see things move around up and down. We see that in both E&T and in Resource Industries, and I think that will continue.
Jim Umpleby: Mig, thanks for your question. And as you indicated, certainly copper, iron, iron ore, gold, all very, very strong, and we've been talking about this for the last few quarters that we're having very positive conversations with our mining customers. Certainly, they're being disciplined in their capital expenditures, but things are improving. So, our orders are improving. There's a number of projects that we're tendering that are multi-year in nature where we feel very positive about our competitive position because of our autonomous solution across a number of products.  So, again, as I talked about earlier, we're not expecting a very fast ramp up or a spike. We're seeing more of a gradual improvement, and that's continuing. And so, again, we're quite encouraged by what we see, and we start to think about how Caterpillar is positioned from a mining perspective as the energy transition occurs with the growth of EVs with just the amount of demand that will be created by that, Caterpillar is very well-positioned to do -- to take advantage of that and to serve our customers, make them more successful, and it'll be good for us and our dealers as well. [End]
Jim Umpleby: Thanks, Rob. Services is a never-ending journey, so it will never be done. And as I know, you're aware we've invested heavily in our digital capabilities, and we're continuing to do that. We are -- we've got over a million connected assets, and we are now working to leverage those connected assets to find ways to add value to our customers. And again, that also adds value to Caterpillar and our dealers. I mentioned in my prepared remarks about prioritized service events, or PSEs. That is something that we're fleshing out and continuing to invest in. So, if your question is, are we there yet? No, we're not there. We are continuing to invest. This is a long journey, but we're pleased by the progress that we've been making over the last two or three years.
Jim Umpleby: Well, as I mentioned earlier, again, we are optimistic about our mining business. We believe that mining will benefit from many of the trends that are occurring in terms of the energy transition. We're very pleased with our competitive position due to autonomy and other capabilities that we have as well, our dealers our product support. So, actually, we're quite optimistic. And so, I'm quite the opposite really of being negative about it. We're quite optimistic about the opportunity for future profitable growth in mining. We've been talking for a number of quarters that we don't expect a rapid peak or a rapid acceleration. We've talked about a gradual improvement, and I think we talked about it the last few quarters, and that's what we're starting to see. So, again, things are playing out very much as we had expected and as we shared with all of you in our previous earnings calls.
Jim Umpleby: Good morning, Steven. So, I don't believe we talked really about a shift from one to the other. What we talked about is the fact that the residential is quite strong, and we see some improvement in heavy construction starting to happen. Asia, there's a normal selling season that occurs in China associated with Chinese New Year. So, I wouldn't talk about it really as a rotation. I would just talk about it as, in some ways normal seasonal patterns, but in other ways, again an improvement in that heavy construction which has been quite depressed. So, we're starting to see some improvement there. So, I'd characterize it that way as opposed to a rotation.
Jim Umpleby: Well, Adam, thanks for your question, and I always have to remind you, of course, dealers are independent businesses, and they control their own inventory. What we're really focused on is meeting end user demand, and we talked about the strength in STUs [ph] and the improving situation in a number of markets that we serve. We talked a bit about some of the supply chain challenges, but our laser focus will be on ensuring that -- doing our very best to meet that end user demand. And all we're saying again, dealers are independent businesses. All we're trying to predict here at this point is that we don't anticipate as we sit here today a significant increase in dealer inventory in 2021. So, we're producing closer to demand, and of course dealer inventory will again be dependent on a whole wide variety of factors.
Jim Umpleby: Well, I think maybe what we're seeing is just an improvement in OE. Again, as we mentioned earlier in the call, we're starting to see some improvement in the heavy construction part of RI off a relatively low base, but we're also seeing an upturn in mining orders. That is gradual, but as you see that, that certainly could have an impact on mix.
Jim Umpleby: Yeah. So, first of all, on the sort of price cost, what we’re expecting is -- for the -- overall for the full year to be in about balance. That's based on plans today and forecast today. Obviously, one of the things we’re pointing out is supply chain risks are out there, which do mean that they include raw material risks, which may impact pricing as we go forward, particularly on the cost side as we go through the balance of the year. So, that’s one of the things we’ll keep an eye on. Obviously, what we talked about in -- where we -- the only thing we're really saying about operating margins at this stage is that they will be within the Investor Day target range. And then, obviously, in the first -- from Q1 to Q2, we do expect that obviously operating margins will moderate slightly in Q2, mostly due to the factors I spoke about earlier, absorption rates being one of them, but also obviously the timing of price costs as well as that comes through.
Jim Umpleby: Okay. Joel, you asked the most difficult question of the morning so far. So, certainly, we've talked about -- maybe the way to do this is talk about various markets. We talked about mining, and we've talked about the fact that we expect that gradual increase to continue. We have no reasons to think that it will stop, but again it’s very difficult for us to try to judge out what's going to happen two or three years. And when we put our strategy together in 2017, one of things we really focused on is performing better at all points in the cycle. We talked about having 300 basis points to 600 basis points better on operating margin regardless of where we're in that cycle compared to the historical past, which we defined as 2010 and 2016 and also producing $1 billion to $2 billion of incremental ME&T free cash flow at all points in the cycle. So, that's what we're really focused on. So, again, as we sit here today, we are optimistic about what we see. The things are improving in some markets that have been depressed. We've talked about the strength in mining, but again it's just very difficult to try to judge what will happen two or three years out. There are so many factors that could impact it.
Jim Umpleby: Thanks, Jerry. And certainly, we are working with our customers in mining and in other areas of our business as well to help them achieve their climate-related objectives. It’s a bit early to make any kind of announcements here this morning, but certainly we are in discussions with our mining customers, and we will work to help them meet their objectives.
Jim Umpleby: All right. Well, again, I appreciate everyone joining us this morning. Couldn’t be more proud of the team and how they performed in the first quarter, a lot of positive signals. We talked about some challenges we have, but we are managing our way through those. We appreciate everyone’s attention this morning. Thank you.
Andrew Bonfield: Okay. And then, talking about our overall margins, as I indicated a few months ago, I mean, we actually saw material cost favorability in the first quarter. That's for a couple of reasons. Obviously, the inventory we held at the end of 2020 flows through the P&L now. And also, as you -- we do buy steel forward. We have about three-to-six-month full contract, normally on steel purchases. So, we do expect material costs to move from positive to negative as we move forward, however, we are pricing accordingly, and with geo mix as well becoming favorable, we hope to be able to offset the two. Obviously, there is continued risk obviously on material inflation as we look out. Overall though, as we always remind you commodity costs -- commodity increases are a net positive for us at Caterpillar, because it helps our customers buy more. On SG&A and R&D, spend was relatively low in Q1, part of that, obviously -- although -- obviously we did have short-term incentive comp increases, part of that obviously is in the environment. We’re still working and we’re still ramping up, going on projects -- –obviously, we [ph] got new projects. We ended a lot of projects at the end of last year. Starting them becomes a lot more difficult in an environment where people aren’t altogether. We expect that to accelerate as we go through the year, that particularly will impact R&D spend. And then obviously travel will impact SG&A as we get people back out on the road and people want to go out and meet customers. That will impact as we go forward. So, those are the sort of bits. As far as the top line is concerned, I mean, obviously, that's going to depend on as we talked about the ability to meet the demand profile out there, and how actually customers feel as we go through the year. As we indicated, demand signals are improving. And obviously, that's going to be something we'll continue to monitor and may impact overall how the quarters trend out from a topline perspective.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. Nicole, it’s Andrew, and good morning. Yes. I mean, obviously, as I indicated in my remarks, we do expect that obviously raw material inflation is going to have some impact later this year through the remainder of the year. We're pricing for that. We do not see at this stage an issue with that pricing, so we're all comfortable -- what increases we’re putting through are not going to have an impact. As you always know, Caterpillar is normally the price leader, and that helps us in the environment. We put through very modest price increases at the beginning of the year, so that did enable us to have a little bit more scope to put forward the price increases for now.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. And I think, also, Steve, as we always look out, I mean, we tend to look at margins and managing them over many quarters rather than just individual quarters. So obviously, while there may be mixed impacts from quarter-to-quarter, pricing impacts from things like geo mix and so forth, obviously there are other things that go the other way. So, we're always looking at the overall margin structure and making sure we manage that appropriately.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. David, as we’ve tried to indicate, we're not expecting this year is a significant increase in dealer inventory. That doesn’t mean that there won’t be any. So that actually puts obviously, as you quite rightly point out, if the demand signal continues to improve, obviously dealers would normally want to hold more inventory. What we are focused on is making sure we can meet demand in the current year and end user demand. And given some of the, obviously, challenges and risks that are out there, that is really our focus rather than concentrating on what we think actually year-end inventory will be. Obviously, we'll see how that pans out for the remainder of the year and see how dealers are thinking about 2022 as we get to the end of the year at this stage.
