Andrew Bonfield: Within the quarter, as I mentioned that gross margin did come in slightly better than we expected. Price was strong and a little bit better than we expected. And some of the material cost increases which we are anticipating haven't run through, they came some quite late in the quarter. Obviously, that will impact Q4 a little bit more. And obviously we'll probably will see just -- as we talked about the fact that for the full year, we expect the machines price offset manufacturing cost increases.  That's including short-term incentive compensation. We will expect to see a slight negative in Q4 as a result. Jim will -- with regard to future pricing, obviously, we continue to monitor the environment. We’ve taken appropriate price actions as we gone through the year. And we will be taking, obviously, looking at taking price actions as well within E&T and energy and transportation as well as part of those actions and those end markets all starting to recover as well. If you remember the beginning of year, we didn't take the price action as a result of the demand outlook within those applications.
Andrew Bonfield: On the -- whether there is actually a price challenge within the backlog. Obviously, we do normally, it’s just normal practice where a customer has an order. Remember these are orders to the -- from the dealers, most of the time rather than from customers where there is an order from the customer to the dealer, then when we have certain lead times, that normally would go in, that is taking into account obviously, if customers are ordering before price increase, they will pay it based on the price of the day the order is made. But obviously, a lot of those orders you were talking about in backlog are dealer orders and therefore will be priced at the appropriate price level rather than when the customer [Indiscernible] orders. So the vast majority of the backlog will be properly priced.
Andrew Bonfield: David, I mean, obviously I don't actually have the Q in front of me and it is in our filing documents, and that will be available. We'll come back to you with the question - with the answer of what that will be in a little while. I mean, obviously, one of the challenges, as you know, always with backlog is where it is and what it is. So obviously, things like solar and rail are more direct businesses. And those all customer orders and some of those have pretty much long lead times anyway as part of that process. But we'll come back to you on the part of your question relating to the percentage that's not due to be shifted in the next 12 months.
Andrew Bonfield: And sorry, I was just going out to find out the answer to David's question, so it will be -- it's about less than 20% that is not expect to be fulfilled in the next 12 months.
Andrew Bonfield: I mean, the only part of the world that's really on usual loan is around China, because if you remember, China. Last year, was very strong in the second half of the year, which is unusual. As a result of COVID and we expect overall this year trying to sales to be, as you said, about flattish. And so the [Indiscernible] above excavator market. So effectively China will be weaker in the Second Half. That is the only one which will be normal. The other business segments are very much more in line with normal seasonal patterns.
Andrew Bonfield: Also, one terms as remember, is not all machines are made with common components. So one of the problems often is, one component to be impacting production in one area today and it could be something different tomorrow. So that game, as Jim said, complexity also is attractive.
Andrew Bonfield: We will share with you our services revenue for the year in January as we said, we would. Services has been a bright spot this year. Certainly services are higher this year than last, but we're not going to quantify it at this point, but again, it is a bright spot for us.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. And as we are talking about different margin and off-the-market profiles. Obviously, at this stage, a lot of these all very early stage products that we're developing with them. And you will [Indiscernible] in a situation where we all actually [Indiscernible] what pricing will be so that will be part of the equation as we go through the next period of time.
Andrew Bonfield: we've indicated what we expect for the rest of the year. Obviously, we're in the middle of our planning process that you should expect that we will continue to take the appropriate actions, both from a cost perspective to try and reduce costs where possible. And some of those costs headwinds. And also from a pricing perspective, to make sure at the same time that we price competitively to make sure we continue to grow the business and meet customer demand. It's a balancing act but that will be something we will continue to work on. As you say, as we go through 2022.
Andrew Bonfield: In terms Resource Industries, a couple of factors there. One, if you remember the beginning of the we did have a couple of deals which would negative price in Q1 which impacted and then actually what's also happening is a lot of services also into Australia, we reduced prices because of the change in price between the Aussie dollar and the dollar and that came through a little bit in this quarter. We should expect to see price become more favorable as we moved through the remainder of the year.
Jim Umpleby: Jamie, it's always a balance. We'll look at what's happening with our cost picture. Always have to be competitive as well. So again, we will balance all those inputs and make pricing decisions going forward in ways that we think makes sense.
Jim Umpleby: In recip Oil & Gas we are starting, as you mentioned, services are strong. We are starting to see some new equipment activity that's mainly for repowers. Our customers are focused on their sustainability objectives and reducing their carbon footprints. And with given some of the new solutions we have, we are starting to see some new equipment activity again, mainly for repowers and recip.  And for Solar, Solar tends to go into a downturn and they tend to into that downturn a bit later and then come out of it later just because of the lead times of both the projects our customers are constructing and also Solar's lead times. So as you mentioned, Solar services sales are strong and improved. And again, your equipment sales are really hanging in there. But we'll have to see how that plays out in the months ahead. But again, typically they go into a -- they go into a downturn a bit later on commodities, a bit later compared to the recip part of the business.
Jim Umpleby: All right. Well, in terms of dealer inventory, of course, dealers are independent businesses and make their own decisions about their inventory. But having said that, the dynamics here that I believe are impacting that dealer inventory are combination of strong customer demand, which we talked about in our previous comments. So that's positive. And then on the other side of it, as we mentioned, we are having some supply chain challenges as well, fully meeting all the demand that's out there. So it's a combination of those two factors, very strong demand and supply chain challenges. Again, those independent dealers make their own decisions, but those two factors do have an impact on that low dealer inventory. Now, I'm going to ask you to clarify the question that Andrew
Jim Umpleby: And how that backlog plays out going forward will depend obviously on both, if customer demand remains strong and supply chain challenges remain, then that'll have an impact on the backlog. So we’ll have to see how it all plays out.
Jim Umpleby: You know what, we've been talking about in our last earnings calls, is a gradual improvement in mining. The fundamentals of their commodity prices are generally supportive of reinvestment. Our mining customers are disappointing capital discipline as we've talked about before. But having said that, we do see mining continue to gradually improve. And one thing to keep in mind is if in fact a customer decides to keep a truck running longer than they normally would, that's not a bad thing for us either because we have the opportunity to re-power and have services and parts, and that's good as well.  So again, you know what, what we've been talking about is a steady, gradual increase in mining activity, and that continues to play itself out. So it's again, turning out as much as we had expected. 
Jim Umpleby: Certainly my continued conversations with mining CEO's, I believe they see the environment is positive. Commodity prices, the energy transition I believe represents just an excellent opportunity for both mining customer and for Caterpillar. Thinking about all the minerals [Indiscernible] mind for EVs and everything else that has to happen. We believe that's quite positive. So again, it is playing out much as we had anticipated in terms of a gradual increase in mining. And we -- based on everything we see today, we believe that will continue. So no. The answer to your question is no, we haven't heard a lot of concerns about a downturn there.
Jim Umpleby: So it's very difficult to quantify and we're not going to try to give you a number today. There's a lot of moving pieces here. You stop and think about dealer inventory changes. And again -- so we're not going to try to quantify it. Clearly, it would've been higher. If you look at our -- the Caterpillar inventory that gives you some indication of, again, the fact that we are having some challenges. But we're not going to quantify that number. We mentioned earlier that our sales to users came in lower than we anticipated due to supply chain challenges. But again, very, very difficult to quantify. And in terms of seasonality, at this point we expect things to play out as they normally do. I can't think of an example. I'll let Andrew to chime in here if [Indiscernible] something is going to be unusual.
Jim Umpleby: And just to clarify there, China will be probably typical this year. Slower second half and the first half, but it was unusual last year, which will create some challenging comps, so last year, again, very unusual, and at the second half was stronger than the first two, as Andrew mentioned, due to COVID.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks for the question. Certainly, we do expect our oil and gas customers to continue to display capital discipline. Having said that, as I mentioned earlier, we are seeing increases in services for both 3 ship on the Solar and we are seeing increase in new equipment activity and some of it -- well a lot of it is around customers being focused on reducing their carbon footprint.  And we have a lot of new solutions to help them do that. Whether it's dynamic Gas blending where they can substitute 80-85% diesel fuel and natural gas and a number of other solutions we had as well, which can help them reduce their carbon footprint. so we're seen that happening, but again, I mentioned earlier the Solar tends to go into the trough a bit sooner than other companies and come out of it a bit later. But their services are strong as well. We're seeing pickup in international activity for Solar. That has picked up -- quotation activity has certainly picked up over the so, last few months.
Jim Umpleby: Supply chain, it's a very -- obviously, a difficult question to answer. We're seeing a situation where, let's say that there's a shortage in one component. And we're very focused on that, that will ease. And then, another component will create a problem and then, it goes back and forth. A number of our suppliers are dealing with a whole variety of issues, so more suppliers are having labor issues or their suppliers are having labor issues, so it's very difficult to make a prediction as to where we are with this issue. Again, it depends upon the component. It depends upon the region of the world. So again, I'm not going to try to call this to say it's going to get better from here, it's going to get worse from here. It's a very fluid, dynamic situation. But we're dealing with it.  Again, I'm very proud of the team that we were able to post a 25% increase in sales quarter-to-quarter. Given those challenges, as I mentioned earlier, we are taking appropriate price action in response to the cost pressures and we had solid price realization in the quarter. So again, very difficult to judge exactly what's going to happen moving forward. But I do feel confident in our ability to manage the situation. Again, as we did in the third quarter; balancing price with cost, balancing, taking care of our customers.  Again, it's challenging, but we intend to work our way through, and again, when [Indiscernible] keep in mind is of course the demand, the good news is that what's driving a lot of this is customer demand is so strong. That's the great news, we have strong customer demand in what we're talking about here with the supply chain challenges is that challenging fully meeting that strong customer demand. And of course that's very important. So something to keep in mind.
Jim Umpleby: Absolutely, we certainly do try to make conscious decisions. We try to take care of our long-term customers, but we do also look at [Indiscernible] our production, where it makes sense so that is something that we keep in mind.
Jim Umpleby: And we may keep in mind as well is if we don't have new equipment our dealers have the opportunity to rent equipment [Indiscernible] to sell used equipment as well. As we have a lot of options to bring in the marketplace to serve our customers. Oftentimes, our customer -- and it depends on the customer, depends on the product, but many customers are in fact willing to wait even though things are taking a bit longer. many customers are willing to wait for that equipment. So that's something to keep in mind as well. You got a lot of very loyal customers.
Jim Umpleby: Customers have to, first and foremost, have to keep their equipment operating, right? So there's a certain amount of flexibility there, but only so much more they have to again, make those decisions to keep equipment operating. So. they -- we serve as a variety of different industries. So mining is different than construction. But again, we don't see things creating -- we don't see a problem there. They're generally customers have to make decisions to keep equipment operating so they'll either, put in the service work or in fact of buying new equipment wanted together. And if they can't get the new equipment, as long as they can, and then potentially do a rebuild. So again, services are strong for the year.
Jim Umpleby: [Indiscernible] over it really doing is looking at each element of the Energy and Transportation business and focus on profitably growing it. I mean, if you stop and think about our rail business, it is particularly for a U.S. freight locomotives it is at a very, very, very low period. A slight bit of improvement there and services.  But again, I -- that only has one way to go. If you look at look at how low that businesses Oil & Gas, of course, had been depressed for the reasons that you are all aware of. As I mentioned, we're seeing increase in services, seen an increase in new equipment. And the recent end helping our customers meet some of their sustainability goals with repowers, Power generation business, that remains strong in terms of data centers. We just happen to just think about why the way the world continues to change. I suspect that there will be lots of opportunities for data centers moving forward. On the industrial business. We're seeing an increase there across all applications. And generally that industrial business does well in periods of global economic expansion. So that's positive also. So again, I mean it's the Energy and Transportation businesses is a diverse group of products that serves a diverse group of industries. But certainly am bullish about our long-term prospects. They're both from the market size and our ability to be competitive to serve that market.
Jim Umpleby: again, back to the point I was making obviously, earlier, where we do obviously put price increases through if a customer orders ahead of that price increase they get the old products, that'll be price per [Indiscernible]. Obviously, they are some products which are longer return. But the vast majority of the backlog will flow through at the current list price. Also, there will -- there's a lag, but it's a huge lag, that will come through. With regards to pricing as we move into 2022, I think
Jim Umpleby: And it's complicated, you start to think about there is the list price and then there's certain support that we provide our dealers in terms of variance to help them capture strategic deals. There's a lot that goes into this, so it's very difficult to put into costs’ a spreadsheet, but again, our intent here is to continue to monitor the cost situation and to take appropriate price action in response to that cost environment, and so far so good.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So in terms of dealer inventory, it does remain near the low end of the range. And as I mentioned earlier, it's a combination of two things impacting that. One is strong customer demand in the supply chain challenges that we've talked about. Very difficult. Again, dealers are independent businesses to make a prediction as to how that will play out. But I will tell you it is at the low end of the normal range. Certainly, with our new processes, we're trying to be -- maybe an improved process to try to match our production with end-user demand. Having said that, again, inventory is at the low end of the range. In terms of --
Jim Umpleby: I think you are right. On the question is certainly we're very willing enable to invest R&D to help meet the sustainability goals, both for us and our customers that we've talked about. We knew, answer to this question is we intend to invest the R and D when we need to invest, but we also intend to meet our Investor Day targets for operating margins and free cash flow, so that's really the way we look at it, and as we develop those products, as always, it will be a combination of things. If it makes sense for us to have an acquisition that helps us there, we can do that.  I believe that the vast majority of it will come from our own R&D in investing in the products. But you know, we have made a few acquisitions here over the last, over the last couple of years, small acquisitions that have helped us from a technology perspective. And we're continually on the hunt for other potential acquisition opportunities that can help us in our journey. But I suspect the vast majority of it will come to organic investment in our products.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks, everyone for your time this morning and for your questions. Again [Indiscernible] Just quite a few takeaways. We're continuing to execute our strategy for long-term profitable growth through services, expanded offerings, and operational excellence. We had a solid quarter increased sales and revenues in all segments and all regions. And we improved our operating profit margins. We do as we mentioned, we remain optimistic about demand and our team continues to work closely with suppliers to mitigate the supply chain challenges that are having an impact on production.  We're working hard with our customers to support them as they build a better, more sustainable world. We've announced some key actions on our sustainability journey. And as we've mentioned a few times here this morning, we remain on track to meet our Investor Day targets for margins in free cash flow. Thanks again for joining us.
