Mike DeWalt: Yes, I would say -- and it's very similar to what we talked about in the very beginning. I think the biggest buckets that we have are generating more service and aftermarket sales and margin, capturing more of that. Our dealers do a fantastic job of that and then driving more sales of the Bucyrus product through the dealers. Two other big categories -- I'm just naming all the big categories -- are putting the Cat components. I mean, our cost of producing an engine, for example, is quite a bit less than the cost that Bucyrus would be paying. That plus the purchasing savings are really the 4 biggest buckets.
Mike DeWalt: All of them are important. All of those are important. We're going to try to avoid, I think, doing a blow-by-blow for each one. I would say they're all -- I don't want to say necessarily equally important, but they're all of a pretty big magnitude.
Mike DeWalt: Andrew, this is Mike. I'll back up from that and probably answer the question a little bit different than the way you asked it. When we were sitting here 3 months ago, dissecting the first quarter and talking about our outlook, there was a -- we had quite a bit of discussion about that. Our outlook absolutely reflected a higher sales rate in the first quarter and lower profit for the rest of the year. That's what was in our outlook. That's what we communicated. That's what we talked about. We expected that from the first quarter that we would have higher sales, and this really cuts across all the segments. We said we would have a higher sales. We said the first quarter was a lot higher in price realization than we expected for the year and that that would moderate, and it did. We said the first quarter is seasonally a low-cost quarter. It's usually the lowest-cost quarter of the year. For discretionary cost, it was. Overhead cost did go up as we expected. We said that material costs would -- were going to go up later in the year, and they have gone up some. It's not massive. But I think in the second quarter, material costs were up close to $100 million. So those were all things that we talked about. We talked about R&D going up. It went up in the second quarter as well. There's one other item that happened, and that's the outlook. We actually raised the outlook. Again, excluding Bucyrus, we raised the outlook $0.50 a share for the year. And that caused us to take an incentive comp hit in the second quarter, because we always catch up the year-to-date whenever we make that change. So we have an extra $85 million of incentive comp in the second quarter. So in a nutshell -- and again, this cut across all the segments to differing degrees but essentially the same story. We have higher sales offset by costs that were going up, coming off the seasonal low, usual first quarter. We had the continuing pressure on material cost that we expected. We had the price realization moderating to about what we forecasted. We've had -- we took a price increase in January of about 1%. That's roughly what we got in the second quarter. So everything that happened in the second quarter is essentially consistent with our outlook and what we talked about at this point in time 3 months ago.
Mike DeWalt: Not going to do that, not because I'm afraid of the number, but because we made a decision that we've entered discussions with the dealers. The good data that we have is around the total. There are a lot of variables on timing. So in terms of the impact that the dealers are going to have, we'll start talking about that when we have a better handle on the specifics and actually when it's specifically going to happen.
Mike DeWalt: Yes. I'll look -- just back to our outlook. Midpoint of our outlook today -- again, when we talked about that number, it was excluding acquisitions. So our outlook again went up $0.50 a share. We're at $55 billion and $7 at the midpoint. And excluding EMD, which is also an acquisition in there that's partial-year-to-partial-year -- so I'm not trying to get too tricky here but just trying to make it apples-to-apples. Our outlook for the year reflects a number that's pretty darn close to 25%.
Mike DeWalt: No, no, no. Wait a minute. That's all in as reported. I mean, we're not adjusting anything out. The only thing we were trying to do in the Q&A regarding currency was just provide some additional explanation of -- we had a bigger hill to climb in the second quarter. I mean, we had expected that incrementals would come down in the second quarter. We knew currency at that time was going to be a headwind. We were just trying to isolate and show you how much of an impact it had.
Mike DeWalt: Well, yes. Well, in the scheme of things, we try to be relatively balanced on an operating income basis, but we're never -- it's never precisely balanced. We had a very positive impact on sales, $351 million. That's a weaker dollar. A lot of that was the euro, the Aussie dollar, Brazil, the comps, virtually every currency was weaker versus the dollar than a year ago, and that upped the sales. But we also have just a ton of cost around the world, not -- non-U.S. cost based, and so that's what we try to balance. So in a perfect world, we would have had $350 million of cost increases. In fact, we had a little over $450 million. One of the things that's changed with currency exposure for us over the past couple of years is our consolidation of Cat Japan. It's in our -- it's consolidated in our results now, and our net Japan cost exposure is quite a bit higher. And most of the negative in the quarter was yen related. I hope that helps.
Mike DeWalt: This is Mike. I'll start off with it and then maybe one of the guys will want to chime in. But we came into the year -- I'll say 2 things. One, at our Analyst Review in New York a little over a year ago, about a year ago and at CONEXPO, I mean, we made a point then that we are trying to drive the Cat business model. And the Cat business model thrives on a big fuel population, so there's probably some bias that's driving higher sales volume. When we came into this year, our announced price increase was about 1%, rough. I mean, it ranges by product. Kind of the net average was about 1%. That's what we put in place. We don't change pricing every month. We normally do a price increase in January. It'll be at a small midyear. It'll come in July. We announced that a few months ago. And then beyond that, there are month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter fluctuations just based on what product they're selling to what customer and what country, so it does fluctuate a bit, but essentially, we came into the year thinking somewhere around 1%. We had pretty good level in the first quarter. And now, the second quarter is about where we said we expected the year to be.
Mike DeWalt: Andy, off the top of my head, I don't have that. Normally, when we do our forecast, we're not -- we don't normally forecast future changes in the longer-term rate. We essentially use a current rate. So we wouldn't be forecasting, from here forward, a change in rates. But the rates, even now versus what they were in the third and fourth quarter a year ago, will obviously be different. Off the top of my head, I don't know what the second half versus second half is off the top of my head. Sorry.
Mike DeWalt: Well, I think for -- the vast majority of them are going to be this year. And so I think, certainly, for the rest of this year, we'll talk about what the total of those upfront integration costs are. I think it'll depend -- for next year, it'll depend a little bit on what are -- when we get to the end of the year, what our forecast for the following year is. Right now, what -- and it's on the slide that Ed showed you. Our estimate for next year right now is about $100 million.
Mike DeWalt: This is Mike. I'll jump in. Aftermarket parts are a good profit business for Cat even excluding Bucyrus, and it's a good margin business for dealers as well. And I think as we transition the dealers into Bucyrus, it will be a similar model. I mean, we'll deal with the dealers likely in a similar way on parts like we do with the rest of Cat aftermarket. We acquire the parts. We get them around the world. Dealers hold some inventory. We sell to dealers, they sell to customers.
Mike DeWalt: Yes. Henry, I think that's probably putting a spin on it that is, going down the road, we don't need to go. Steve mentioned this early on. The dealers are super excited about this. They want to grow. This is right down their alley. They've asked us to do this. So I would say we're pretty confident that we'll get this done.
Mike DeWalt: Yes. I'll just say a couple of things. One, it is a very late cycle business. I mean, it's kind of like large mining engines, turbines. It works off of a lengthy backlog. We expected, going into it, that '11 and '12 will likely to be the trough, because it was late cycle before improving. I'd say our expectations around this business are actually very good. Witnessed by the new factory we're putting in monthly to increase locomotive capacity. So our view between here and 2015 for rail is actually very good. But that said, we fully expected, when we did the acquisition that actually both '11 and '12 would be weak years.
Mike DeWalt: Well, I'll tell you what. I'm going to bracket part of that. I'll give you a comment on incentive comps within 2012. And then in terms of Bucyrus-specific incentive comp, I guess I don't know the answer to that, maybe Steve does. On the first question on the incentive -- the short-term incentive comps that we talked about today, raising it because we raised the outlook. That excludes -- for the rest of Cat, it excludes the impact of Bucyrus for this year. When we went into this year, our outlook -- excluding Bucyrus, because it hadn't closed. We didn't know for sure when the timing was going to be. And so for the rest of the company, we set up our incentive comps measures excluding the impact of Bucyrus. So the reason incentive comp went up today is because we took the outlook up, excluding Bucyrus, by $0.50. In terms of the $8 to $12, again, that's a target that we put in place back in '09. Doug made a fairly emphatic "by golly, that's our target" comment a little while ago, but realistically, we don't have an outlook yet for -- a specific outlook for 2012. It's getting a little every -- time goes by, a little more awkward to talk about our target, because 2012 is just right around the quarter. It won't be long before we actually do have guidance for 2012. We normally provide kind of a preliminary sales guidance with our third quarter release, and we'll probably do that again this year. And then in January, we'll give our full year expectations for 2012. I think, as Doug said, we're pretty bullish. I mean, think about it. We raised our sales outlook today. If you take EMD out of it midpoint of our -- which is excluding acquisitions. In 2011, I mean we're already at $53.5 billion roughly without Bucyrus, so things are going pretty darn good.
Mike DeWalt: On the interest, I think if you were to just to assume somewhere, at least for next year, in the $10 million to $11 million a month range on the debt, that would cover it the way we laid it out. Now again, we said we're in discussions on selling pieces of this to dealers. And so ultimately, that will generate some cash and it might change things a little bit. But on an all-in basis, the way we reported the numbers to you today, that $80 million is for 7 months in a week, and I think that comes out close to $11 million a month.
Mike DeWalt: That's an ongoing thing. And I'll stress this here too, with the inventory step-up at max. Those are estimates right now. I mean, we just completed this acquisition 2 weeks ago and are into the numbers. So don't write those in sum. Those are our best estimates right now, and that amortization is going to be based on -- there'll be different lines of intangible assets. So some will be longer than -- some will go on a long time. Some will be shorter. But I think for the scope of the next few years, you can probably think of that as a reasonable estimate.
Mike DeWalt: Eli, usually, when we get to the third quarter, we kind of do a preliminary guidance on at least the top line for the following year. And while we say that for October, that's probably a better time to talk about that.
Mike DeWalt: I think it depends a little bit on the category. If you look at material costs and freight costs, which were a pretty good drag on the second quarter, there's probably still a little upside pressure on material cost in the second half. With freight, there's quite a bit of fuel surcharge in there. [Indiscernible] with fuel prices down, there -- maybe there's an opportunity for a little bit of relief in that. In terms of R&D, I suspect that the second half of the year is going to add up a bit. Relative to the second quarter, if you look at incentive comp, that was an $85 million hit versus Q1. Essentially, half of that was related to getting the year-to-date right. So versus the second quarter, based on our outlook, we would have that going down. So I think it's a little bit mixed depending upon the cost category you're looking at. I think if you cut through our guidance though, essentially, what we have at the midpoint of the guidance is sales and profit in the second half on average for the third and fourth quarters. Given we don't have quarterly guidance, but on average, we've got the third and fourth quarter with sales and profits similar to what we did in the second quarter.
Mike DeWalt: Well, we're in July right now, and I haven't seen any July numbers yet. So the second part of your question is a little tough to answer. The first part, remember, we actually went into the year with a pretty modest expectation for products. I mean, overall, we were only looking for something in an order of magnitude, 1%. And as you can imagine, in areas like mining, I think the opportunity was better there. The environment was better there. And if you look at the numbers in the second quarter, it bears that out. But in general, I would say, overall for the company, we're getting about what we expected, what we announced in January.
Mike DeWalt: Yes. I'd say I'll give you a little bit of color. The second quarter actually was -- we don't give quarterly guidance, but the one bit of info that I can tell you about the second quarter was $100 million impact on Japan was lower than we thought. So the Japan fees was a little bit better. What I would tell you is when we were talking about our outlook 3 months ago, we said, "Hey. For a lot of products, we're capacity constrained or production constrained." I think what allowed us to take this outlook up is actually better production levels at some of those places that were constrained, quicker recovery in Japan and in general, better demand in the areas where we weren't capacity constrained. Solar, for example, is better. Power Systems is better. Construction Industries is better. Mining is getting more production out. So again, we don't do the guidance by quarter. We don't do it by unit, but it was fairly widespread.
Mike DeWalt: Yes. That's actually -- that's a very good point, David. There's no doubt that the period costs this year are impacted by all those capacity additions that we've in flight. They're all not going to be down this year though. I mean, we've got -- if you take Suzhou, for example, the next phase of that expansion doesn't get -- doesn't really take hold until the end of '12. So the excavator facility in Texas, that will still be in flight through the first part of next year as well. So I mean, we have cost this year. We'll have cost related to capacity expansion next year. Again, when we -- it's a little premature, I think, to talk about -- too much about 2012 cost, because there's a lot of moving pieces. And I think to some degree, it will depend upon what our view is at that point in time on what else we need to do in 2012 to deal with '13, '14 and '15.
Mike DeWalt: Okay. Two things. On the all other, there are 2 pieces of it. There was, sales actually declined, and the margin rate dropped. The sales decline was essentially part of machinery. We sold part of machinery last quarter or actually, at the end of the first quarter. So their revenue sales, sales to outsiders, were in that segment before. So that went away, and Construction and Mining and the Power Systems divisions, their sales now to the dealer, that's independent now, part of machinery, went up a little. So on the sale side, down in that segment, up a little bit in the others. From a profit standpoint, one of the groups -- there's a lot of intercompany activity in that group. One of the groups that's in that group is our internal logistics group. We've seen quite an increase in freight costs this year. A lot of the brunt of the freight cost increase has been borne in that division. And in the short term, it doesn't get passed back to the others.
Mike DeWalt: I'm not going to do any quarterly guidance on China. Our second quarter -- our sales were up. We're still pretty bullish on China overall. We've got an above 9% GDP growth rate in for China. There's been a lot of discussion in the news about the growth rates there slowing down. That doesn't mean it's going negative, but I do think the growth rate that we all saw in the industry from the first quarter is likely to come down a bit.
Mike DeWalt: All righty. With that, we're slightly over time. Thank you very much for joining us today, and we'll talk to you over the next couple of months.
Edward Rapp: Yes, Anne, this is Ed. And as we kind of took you through in terms of the debt ladder, you saw we moved more to the shorter end of the curve, and that was driven by 2 factors: one, projected strong cash flows from the existing business. The other one is we're producing strategic decisions to sell the distribution assets. That's going to have a cash flow generation capability, and we want to have some debt maturing at that point in time to be able to pay it down. In terms of our capital allocation, if you would, strategy moving forward, I think it's going to be very consistent with what we outlined when we laid the strategy out there. We think there is tremendous growth opportunities that exist out there. I mean, today, we're talking about an acquisition, but we've also outlined the very strong organic growth opportunities, up to $3 billion in CapEx. This year, we see more opportunities to invest moving forward. We're bullish on the long haul. And I think you'll see, from a capital allocation, us continuing down that path, funding those growth opportunities, maintaining our obligations in terms of our pension plans, the moderate increase in the dividend we've talked about in the Las Vegas meeting at CONEXPO, and then truly as a residual share repurchase, but much more skewed towards the growth side.
Edward Rapp: Joe, this is Ed. A couple of things I'd say about -- and we're still -- as Mike kind of alluded to earlier, that 2012 number, $8 to $10, $55 billion to $60 billion, we still feel very confident in terms of that. Your question about the $55 billion and $7 would be a couple of things. First of all, when we laid that out, we clearly excluded the acquisitions. And if you take a number of those acquisitions out, especially related to EMD, you're going to get to a sales number that's really closer to about $53.5 billion at the midpoint of our outlook. So that would be one point. The second, as we took you through earlier, we've got additional incentive comp here based on the rate of the outlook. And in a normal year, you'd be at about a 1.0 factor on that incentive comp. So at that level versus what we're at today would add another $0.40 to that $7 number, which once again, moves you closer to that range. The last one is when we laid out the $8 to $10 at $55 billion in 2012, we also laid out the fact that we were transforming our machinery business. And many of those businesses are underway. You're seeing good year over improvement in terms of what they're at in 2011, but we had projected upfront that the -- that transformation was going to be completed by 2012 to deliver those numbers. So those would be the things that would be different from today.
Edward Rapp: Andy, this is Ed. Good question. And as we laid out the strategy, we made it very clear that we were going to have a very balanced view in terms of the P&L and cash flow. As you remember, we made it one of the top-tier metrics. We took you through OPACC, operating profit after capital charge, and we're really driving that down the organization to create that awareness. And I think you've seen it in terms of the cash flow improvements that we've had. If you look at the year-to-date numbers, and you comment it's very strong, and I'd say a lot of that has been in the profit, the receivables and the payables space. The inventory turns for us this year are what I would say are on line with planned. But going forward, the greatest opportunity does lie in inventory turns. And Doug talked earlier about CPS and what we're doing there. We're also getting very focused in terms of the supply chain, the strategy talked about collaboration with suppliers. If I look at the next great opportunity in terms of cash flow, it's going to be in improving those inventory turns.
Edward Rapp: I'd say, first of all, one of the great strengths of the Caterpillar business model is the financial strength of our dealer organization. So if you look at the Mining business, where it happens around the world, those are some of our absolute strongest dealers, well capitalized with good access to credit. There may be some instances where they determine to draw on Cat Finance for financing, but they have plenty of sources in terms of their financing to draw from. So I think the financing of it, from a dealer perspective, is not going to be an issue.
Edward Rapp: Henry, this is Ed. The only thing I'd add on the EMD side is it does tie directly to the discussion we're having today on Bucyrus. Because if you listen to the major mining companies around the world, and the issues they've got is the infrastructure to get more support is a huge opportunity. And knowing those large mining through our Cat Mining organization, being able to bring an EMD Progress Rail into those discussions is an upside that I think is really going to make this a great business over the long haul.
Edward Rapp: Yes. Steve commented earlier on the fact that we've spent a lot of time in terms of deploying CPS across our footprint, and now, it's a questions of taking that out to our supply base. And if you go back to the strategy and the heart of it, we talked about the concept of supplier collaboration and integration. And I think what you see us doing is we're fully integrated, as you know, out into our distribution organization, and we're looking to take those very same principles and apply it back to our supply base. I think we're getting outstanding engagement from our supplier organization. I mean, if you think about where we're at with the sales level in the second quarter of 2011, this thing, from a volume perspective, bottomed out back in kind of the third quarter of '09. And from that standing-still point, our supply base has done an outstanding job of responding and taking us to a point where this quarter, we had record sales and revenue. So I think the engagement of our suppliers is there. I think the methodology is proven out in terms of the Cat Production System. It's clearly outlined in our strategy as a priority, which really helps drive this organization. So I think that is the key to getting that inventory improvement that we're looking at going forward. I mean, I'd say between now and 2015, we'd really be looking to drive that inventory turn improvement by about 0.5 point, which would bring a lot more cash to the bottom line.
Edward Rapp: David, this is Ed. I think the only thing, back to kind of the earlier comments and some of Doug's points, is that I think you do have to assume, based on our long-term outlook, that there will be continuing investments relative to capacity. I mean the emerging market growth, you know the story there. If you take the U.S. and Europe, where it's 50% of the prior peak, you got little fleets in U.S. dealers today that are below the '02 bottom, average age is 30% older. There's a replacement cycle coming and then that's why you're seeing investment this year. I think you're going to see investment moving forward as well.
Douglas Oberhelman: Yes. Ann, Doug Oberhelman here, and I just want to comment. Kind of at a top level, our thinking through 2015, which really hasn't changed from what we started on back in New York in 2008, 2009. But if you look at our forecast and the goals we have for 2015, the cash generation here should be -- a good word is probably phenomenal, certainly strong. And the growth opportunities we have that we see around the world that we described to you are really unchanged as we look at the long term. Certainly, the mining investment that we made and will continue to make on capacity to take advantage of that will be huge. But we don't intend at all to vary very far from reinvesting in the business. The way that we structured the debt for the Bucyrus gets us some early drawdowns or pay-downs on debt. So we get our debt-to-cap ratio a lot stronger than it is today, but we're still, even today, after the debt issuance we had, in pretty good shape compared to where we want to be and certainly, compared to where we were in 2009. So strengthening the balance sheet is going to happen in the next couple of years just, I think, naturally, but the growth and the use of cash through the next 5 years will be right back into the business. And of course, some of our announcements, you've seen where we're going with that. We'll continue to talk about that, but I don't view the world has changed very much. In fact, it's probably improved since our Analyst Meeting in New York, it certainly in Las Vegas. So we're pretty optimistic, very optimistic to achieve our 2015 goals that we talked about.
Douglas Oberhelman: I'll just comment, again, kind of at a strategic level. Doug Oberhelman here. And I would answer it more emphatically than Mike did about our business model. The Caterpillar business model runs on fuel population which allows our dealers to thrive in the downturn, which they all did through 2008, '09 and '10. In fact, we only lost one dealer in that period of time around the world out of our 180 in the financial problems, and arguably, it was the recession that caused these financial problems. So when our dealers are strong in a downturn, we typically see market share gains coming out of a recovery, which is consistent with what we're seeing today. And therefore, going forward to drive the parts business and the service model that really rings the bell for our customers, which is what they like to see. That's what really has to happen here. And you're seeing a bias towards that in Mike's words, absolutely correct.
Douglas Oberhelman: That's a great answer it, Ed. And I'll only add a couple of things to it, and that's the performance of the company since the recovery began in early 2010. And if you look at our incremental margins from that point to today, compare that to the early days of the 2003 ramp-up period, you take our quality levels, our safety levels, our pull-through levels, just about any internal metric we have, and I will give a seat to the Cat Production System, all the credit for this and our management team, we are far better off, arguably 18 to 24 months into the recovery than we were the last time around. So I'm paying a lot of attention to that, and we're spending a lot of time on internal efficiency and productivity. And actually, you're seeing it in the numbers. And certainly, 2012 and 2015 are dependent on us at completing and achieving those numbers, and I am absolutely confident we will.
Douglas Oberhelman: I would just add a little bit to that, Mark. Doug here. And that -- the reason we're going to the dealer model is because we think they will do a better job in the aftermarket with selling more parts and more labor than we would going direct. So while we'll maintain our margin on sales to them and they'll maintain their markup on part sales to their customers, we think the pie is going to grow fairly significantly over time due to their expertise being superior to what we think we could do directly.
Douglas Oberhelman: Yes. Oberhelman here. I'll just kind of give you my view on where EMD is, which unfortunately, it's being overshadowed by Bucyrus as the smoke fades around here at the moment. But you got to remember that we've got, with EMD installed, a locomotive base around the world, a huge parts opportunity. Freight rail and certainly, freight opportunity is increasing. What we are seeing, where we've gotten into the factories and the supply chain of EMD is lots of opportunity for improvement. We've had good reception from our Class 1 customers about where we're headed on this. And I am -- this will be one of our gems down the road as we go, but it was a mere $800 million acquisition. I guess that kind of got caught up with the shuffle here the last year, but we're really going to be proud of this in 1 year or 2. And it's doing what it's supposed to do here in 2011 and '12. And once we get it really humming, I think it'll be a great addition to our portfolio. I would say the same thing about MWM. We made a comment in the Q&A. We're on track some time this year. That's another one that we haven't talked much about. We will after closing, but that's got a bright future down the road as well.
Douglas Oberhelman: Yes. And I'll come back to 2012. I think Ed referenced it earlier. Our OPACC, operating profit after capital charge philosophy here, which we have sort of been running in parallel in 2011 with no incentives tied to it -- we intended 2010, as we said in New York and Las Vegas, to bring that in as a metric for management. So far, that parallelling, I guess, review looks very good. We like what we see. And I think the cash flow is indicative of that and maybe a few other things, but we would intend to implement that across the company for all of our employees or in most all of them in 2012.
Douglas Oberhelman: Yes. I'm going to conclude, David, with that comment on China. I wanted to get this in at some point, and I'm glad you brought it up, because we do hear a lot about that. We watch it very closely. But I view a slowdown, emphasis on slowdown not crash, in China as pretty favorable for Caterpillar and for our industry. We all knew that market was way too hot, and it probably will heat up again at some point. But a slowdown let's us all in the industry take a breath, make sure we don't over-capacitize, and it gives us a chance to kind of. The other thing it does, it allows us where we can, and because of our -- again, our global footprint, we can source into or out of China, because we are making world-class excavators there. And there are other hot markets where we've been sure that if there's capacity that freeze up in China, we can use elsewhere. So I do not view a slowdown in China as a bad thing at all. I would view a crash as a bad thing. I don't think the Chinese will allow that to happen. They've had a good run over the last 30 years of walking the tightrope. The tightening they started this year was healthy. It started to pay off. We would expect the slowdown. We've seen it. But again, the hot market we saw there in '09, '10, '11 was just too hot. We all knew it. So a slowdown for us, I think, is healthy. But David, I would say slow down, and we'll be watching that very closely. And at some point, it'll pick back up, and I think we'll be, as Mike said, looking at growth rates that are very manageable for us.
Steven Wunning: Ann, it's Steve Wunning. And Bucyrus does have some joint ventures in China. It gives us a foothold to begin to grow that business. Their presence in China is bigger than you think in terms of what they've been able to sell. And it's not just the manufacturing that they have in China, but it's their manufacturing they have outside of China. And China is very big in underground coal, and this now gives us the capability to address the underground coal market in China and India, outside of China -- with manufacturing plants outside of China but also the foothold that Bucyrus already has in China.
Steven Wunning: Seth, this is Steve Wunning. That's a very good question. I guess to put a little bit more clarity into that is that some of the -- the underground is a great example. The continuous miners, the armored-face carriers, there's a lot of customization there. And even the drag lines in some of the big road shovels, there's not that many that are sold around the world. For those types of products, there's going to still be a lot of factories, support, a lot of application engineers working directly with the customer. So we're not going to transfer that expertise to the dealer, because that doesn't make sense. But what we want to do is to have the dealer along with us there so that he can help us support that product once it's installed and running. So it won't be exactly the same kind of dealer support that we see with, say, a D10, for the big, unique type of Bucyrus products. But they are going to be with us there, because they will have a role. And all those details will be worked out over the next few months.
Steven Wunning: Well, for the underground, we'll target those dealers that serve -- that where underground within their regions, which does select -- which is a fewer number of dealers.
Steven Wunning: Andy, this is Steve Wunning. Just to add to Ed's comments, as a kind of -- one of the line guys is that I've never seen more focus on cash and cash management than what I've seen in the last 2 years. And it's very clear that each of the group Presidents and their leadership team, they've got all the levers and all the controls to deliver on those commitments. And Doug has made it very clear to all of us what we need to do, and our focus on cash has never been higher.
Steven Wunning: Mark, this is Steve Wunning, and it's certainly going to be some field population. There'll be a transition of former Bucyrus employees, now Cat, that will go to the dealers. These will basically be the product support people, field people. Bucyrus had a lot of service technicians that worked on the product, so that will naturally go to the dealer. A lot of the parts, warehousing type people, make sense to take it to the dealer. So it's a lot of the people that faced, actually, with the customers or the product, that will naturally go to the dealer. On a case-by-case basis, and that's part of each one of the discussions with the dealers, there will be some assets that will transfer to dealers. And don't have much detail on that, because we're just now beginning to dig into that to figure out which assets would go to the dealer.
Steven Wunning: Maybe to add on what -- this is Steve. Just to add on Doug's comment. This mining equipment really consumes a lot of parts. And this is just an untapped opportunity, and we really want to leverage our dealers to help us go after that. And that's truly a strength that we have, and we believe that's much better to do it through our dealer than using a factory-direct model.
Steven Wunning: Jamie, let me just add to Mike on the incentive piece. We have a small team, that is full time, who's doing the integration. It's about 100 people, as I mentioned. They do have -- their incentive is tied to how well the planning is done and how well we integrate this year. It's not material to the company's financials. The important part here though is that as we do our 2012 business plan, we're going to make sure that the Bucyrus synergies are drilled into those business plans, because we want to make sure that all those synergies hits the bottom line. And the best way to do that is to make sure that each and every one of our businesses and their plans and in their targets and in their incentive plans -- so from 2012 and beyond, these synergies will begin to be drilled into their commitments.
Steven Wunning: It's used to be for the Mining business and all the other divisions that are supporting the Mining business for their synergy piece. That will be drilled into their business plans.
Steven Wunning: Eli, this is Steve Wunning. For some of our products, we are at capacity. But what we're doing is we are making -- in the process of installing some investments that we've already committed to to increase our capacity. We are going to be adding more capacity even sooner now because of the long-term forecast that we see in the mining space over the next couple of years, and we'll be adding that capacity over the next couple of years. The long-term forecast goes out longer than that. We're working with our suppliers and our dealers to make sure that they're prepared for the growth that we see, because the last thing we want to happen is to have our factories ready, but our supply base can't support it. So we're spending an awful lot of time now making sure that they're adding the capacity, and they understand what our plans are.
Steven Wunning: Mike, one thing I would add is that what we are doing is we spent a lot of time over the last 4 or 5 years deploying the Cat Production System within our factories. We are now using CPS and deploying it with our supply base, which is allowing us to increase capacity without making additional investments. And that's where a lot of the focus is right now, is to using CPS principles throughout the entire supply chain.
Steven Wunning: Jerry, we are looking at all of the Bucyrus operations. It's just very early right now to really determine what our total footprint is. Our main focus right now is looking at capacity that we have and to see what we need to do to increase capacity both for Cat and Bucyrus. It is going to take us a little bit longer to really determine what is the best global footprint for both Cat and Bucyrus for the Mining business, but our focus right now is to -- is looking at how can we increase capacity for both.
