Jennifer Driscoll: Good morning, Ross. Ross, are you muted? We'll move on to our next question from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jennifer Driscoll: So now I would like to turn it back to Jim for some closing remarks and then I will close it at the end.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Jim. Thanks everyone who joined us today. A replay of our call will be available online later this morning. We'll also post a transcript on the relaunched investor relations website probably on Monday. Click on investors.caterpillar.com and then click on Financials. If you have any questions please reach out to Rob or me. You can reach Rob at rengel_rob@cat.com. I'm at driscoll_jennifer@cat.com. The investor relations general phone number is 309-675-4549. I hope you have a nice weekend and now let's jump back to the operator to conclude our call.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks Stephen. As you mentioned certainly, we're not giving guidance for next year obviously because of the all the uncertainty that's there so much depends upon the pandemic and the resulting impact on the economy but you correctly stated that it would be reasonable to assume that short-term incentive would be a cost next year that we wouldn't have this year. We are certainly continuing to look for other ways to reduce costs. We challenge all of our leaders to continue to find ways to be more efficient. We're working on what we do inside, what we do outside, things we do inside if they continue to be done inside can we do them in a more efficient lower cost way through a location change or some other change. So again we're continually working every cost angle we can think of but probably the biggest one that comes to mind is that short-term incentive comp as you mentioned.
Jim Umpleby: And again the biggest determining factor I suspect will be volume. So we'll have to see how the economy plays out.
Jim Umpleby: Ross one of the issues is we call geomix, I mean the biggest pricing factor was the fact that North American sales were down. So that has a big impact on pricing. So that was the number one impact. Certainly, yes there is competitive pressures in China. We're confident in our ability to compete in China long term, continue to expand our products and our dealers are well positioned but to answer your question the biggest single issue impacting pricing was the fact that North American sales were down so significantly.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. The biggest issue affecting margins of course is volume because of the leverage we have there. So you've seen that as volume came down, you saw an impact there. So again we'll have the biggest impact on operating margins in NRI is higher volume. As we mentioned we continue to be a positive on mining outlook medium and the long term. It's not surprising that in the short term given what's happening with COVID customers are being a bit cautious but as I mentioned in my remarks we haven't seen any projects that were involved in being canceled. The greenfield and brownfield projects are moving forward. So we haven't seen any significant kinds of cancellations. So again we're bullshit about that. So the biggest thing that'll have an impact certainly is the biggest impact will come from volume due to operating leverage.
Jim Umpleby: You bet. Well, we continue to invest in our digital capabilities from a whole variety of perspectives. I mean, we have created and continue to create tools which give us ability a better read internally and where some of the biggest opportunities are in the aftermarket. So that's a tool for both Caterpillar and our dealers to use. In addition to that we talked about the fact that we hit a million connected assets at the end of last year and we're looking at ways of leveraging that data. Clearly in parts of the world where economic activity was shut down as you can imagine we saw an impact in utilization rates but again it's a very fluid dynamic situation. Some areas that went down have come back up and so again it's very fluid and dynamic as the pandemic impacts economies differently around the world. But again it's an area that we continue to invest in and I think we're making good progress. So we really haven't slowed down.
Jim Umpleby: It's a never-ending journey. So I don't think we'll ever get there. So what we're doing is looking at continually adding on new capabilities as we move forward. So we still have a ways to go. There is no question and again we'll continually add upon those capabilities; that's our intent.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks for your question Ann and certainly as you ask that question, I think it's important to think about our dealer network and business from a global perspective. So I suspect your question is more slanted towards North America and clearly residential construction is important as you say if in fact there are build out new homes that requires infrastructure to support all of that. So I certainly understand your question but again obviously we have to keep in mind that we have a very strong mining business and oil and gas business and other kinds of businesses as well. Rental, I think will be important and will continue to be important. It's an area that we're focused on. I am not ready to make a call as to whether or not the COVID will have a significant step change in purchase versus rental but we view rental as an important business and that market will continue to grow over time.
Jim Umpleby: Yes David. I think this comes down to the fact and as Jim did alluded to in the script the fact that we haven't built in structural costs over the last three years does enable us to actually when you think about absolute margins going forward, we are obviously most sensitive to volume variances which is probably the biggest single factor driving margin performance. So obviously in an environment where margin, where volumes are improving, you'll see obviously very significant improvement in overall margins. You'll notice, I am not using incrementals or decrementals again but I do think that really is obviously the biggest single benefit to us. As we look out in Q3 as we mentioned obviously normally as you would always expect there is some seasonality because of lower volume in Q3 versus Q2 that does have an impact on particularly on gross margin. You obviously also we are lapping those material cost changes. So that will have a slightly negative impact on gross margin as I mentioned in my notes. We will see a lower absolute dollar number in step savings in Q3. It was a lower number in the quarter last year. So that will have some impact. So overall what we're saying is probably margins, we shouldn't expect a margin improvement as we move into Q3. What that does mean though obviously is normally overall I think margins last year in Q3 was slightly lower than they were in Q2. So actually that would be what we would call relatively good performance year-on-year within that regard because I think overall the margin in Q3 last year actually slightly higher than 15.8% rather than 15.3%. So but that would sort of hold those sorts of levels.
Jim Umpleby: It shouldn't be. If you do the math and you assume margin, there is no improvement in operating margins from the 7.8% we've just posted against the 15.8% that will be slightly higher as a percentage.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. It will certainly again as I mentioned we're continually looking for ways to reduce costs and to be more efficient and certainly a situation like this causes – I think company to step back and look at ways they can accelerate cost reduction activities and think about their structural costs and so again we're no different than anyone else. We're thinking about those things as well. In terms of digital, obviously if in fact things can be done remotely as -- and not an individual does not have to travel and be face to face there's an advantage in that. So we're using digital capabilities where we can but certainly our dealers continue to support our customers and we have technicians that continue to work on equipment. So again what this pandemic has really demonstrated is that digital strategy is correct.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. That is a very good point because think about our mining operation the number of autonomous mining trucks we have, if in fact you can do more using autonomous technologies it reduces the need for think about camps and all the things that our mining customers have to do with people in close proximity. So that certainly could be an acceleration from a market perspective.
Jim Umpleby: No, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we see very strong interest in our autonomous solution and we do believe quite strongly that we have the best solution there and that gives us a competitive advantage but yes interest and autonomy and mining has been very strong. Lots of conversations with customers about that.
Jim Umpleby: Yes, Jamie when we talk about margin comparisons to the historical past, we're looking at a year when we had a similar year sale. So I believe if memory serves that would have been 2016. So again, I think we were about $39 billion. So again if you think about margin, we always think about it is we think about for a similar level of sales we expect higher operating margins and we expect that to be the case this year as well. I mean in terms of green shoots I mean China was an area that, the pandemic hit China first and business has been quite strong in China. So that's quite positive. So again it's very much a fluid dynamic situation. Obviously the virus starts to go away in an area then starts then starts to come back. So again it's very fluid. So it's difficult for me to really predict any area other than right now again we see a lot of strength in China.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So services in total were down but they were down less significantly than new equipment sales were which is what we'd expect which is one of the reasons that it's an advantage to build out our services revenue. So yes, there was a drop but it wasn't as significant as new equipment.
Jim Umpleby: It's a mixed bag. It depends on geography and it depends upon the area that we're talking about but again in areas where economic activity has strengthened certainly we're seeing improvement there. So it tends to follow economic activity leads to more utilization which leads to more services sales.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So obviously there is a couple of things one which is obviously there is a seasonable pattern to some of our retail stats. So obviously if people have missed the summer season obviously is unlikely that they would revert back. So whether there's any pent-up demand is unlikely to come through. Secondly what we do believe is that if retail stats do improve and not slightly better we've actually done most of our production shuttling for the quarter. We would probably see a further acceleration in the reduction in dealer inventory. So probably not much of a surprise to CAT Inc. but obviously we would obviously improve pull through the dealer inventory reductions a little bit quicker.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So interesting seasonality varies by business by business as you go through. As you know Mircea one of the things you'll see probably in the fourth quarter is particularly transportation and solar normally traditionally have a strong fourth quarter which drives their uptick and in particular in energy and transportation. Nothing we see today would expect that to be any different. As regards Q3 and Q4 for both of those CI does have obviously it tends to be a little bit negative in Q3 and Q4. Obviously the timing of Chinese New Year in Q4 last year, the inventory build won't probably really happen this year. So again that's another factor to build in as you think about the outlook on a higher level sort of look through and then ROI just remains lumpy. It is very much related to project by project particularly on the mining side. So that's difficult to predict and doesn't really have a seasonality. It's really based around customer orders.
Jim Umpleby: And it depends on mix as well, I mean so typically as Andrew mentioned we have a strong fourth quarter. Solar typically has a strong fourth quarter and we don't expect that to be any different this year and that helps from a mixed perspective. So again it's mixed dependent as well.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. It's just really a function of us looking at global economic conditions and the pandemic and just the uncertainty that's there. So it really is a function of the pandemic.
Jim Umpleby: Alright. Well again thank you for your questions today. We greatly appreciate it. As we mentioned we are very well-positioned we believe to profitably grow our company. Although we've got challenges due to the pandemic we're continuing to invest in our long-term future in new products enabling our services capabilities and again we greatly appreciate your time this morning. Thank you.
Andrew Bonfield: I mean at this stage Steve, we won't talk about it but probably we'll give you a little bit more of an indication in January when we give the outlook because obviously there will be lots of puts and takes as you clearly point out.
Andrew Bonfield: Sorry Ross. Just to give a little bit more color as well don't forget there's currency impacts in the reported China sales and also remember we had built inventory ahead of the Chinese new year. So some of that inventory got burned down in the CI in Q2.
Andrew Bonfield: And I think the other area where obviously is the autonomous solutions where people will be looking for those and obviously we are optimistic that this will actually encourage further uptake rather than make it expand it faster.
Andrew Bonfield: And maybe just to restate the obvious we're in a very dynamic market and what we've said is that we're ready for changes positive or negative. So we're giving you a sense of what we see as to where we see things today we're not, what we're saying is we're not expecting a further decline in sales to users is what we're saying basically right and so that's really the message. We don't expect things to get worse based on what we see today and again things could get better. Again it's very difficult to judge just based on for obvious reasons.
Andrew Bonfield: Maybe just one comment about dealer inventory just to add on to that. One of the things we're doing is again positioning ourselves both within Caterpillar and dealers to respond quickly to positive or negative demand by -- our dealers are independent businesses that make their own decisions about inventory but by in fact having that dealer inventory go down that allows us to produce to demand. So again that will remove a potential headwind obviously for next year.
Andrew Bonfield: At this stage we are not, but yes normally you would expect if there is a volume increase that obviously quarter-on-quarter that does help reported margins, however, just to point out always we do always see a fourth quarter of decline in margins in CI in particular . That is one of the biggest factors. So again it may not, the decrementals may not change from quarter to quarter. We just need to see what we think the volume will be at that point in time.
