James Umpleby III: We typically see an increase ahead of the spring selling season. So that's why we think it'll be a traditional kind of increase. We've talked about what we see happening in the various markets again, the strength in infrastructure, which is 75% of CI. It's a moderation in residential in North America, as we discussed. But again, North America really had been our most constrained region. So we're pleased to see healthier dealer inventories in North America. And we're now in that typical range of three to four months. And again, we've talked about the fact that RI and E&T typically don't hold a lot of dealer inventory, hoping to get an order. Over 70% of the year-end dealer inventory for RI and E&T is tied to customer orders. 
James Umpleby III: Rob, it's always tough to make a multi-year prediction. But I will say that order rates are quite strong for solar, as is quotation activity. And of course, solar is very involved in the natural gas value chain, compressing a lot of gas to LNG facilities for export around the world. There has been an under investment, I'd argue, in oil and gas over the last few years and that is starting to be reversed now, and that has a positive impact on both our Cat oil and gas business and our solar business. So again, very difficult always to make a multi-year projection, not knowing what's happening in the economy. But based on what we see today, business is quite strong for solar, both on the services side and on the new equipment side.  And one of the things we have seen, there was a – for a while there, after the decline in oil prices a few years ago, we saw a decline in international projects. That's picked up for solar. So we're seeing more international projects. We're also seeing strength in North American gas compression for solar as well.
James Umpleby III: Well, Jamie, certainly, when we think about price actions, we take a number of things into account. Certainly, we take into account the increases from our suppliers in cost. We also, of course, pay very close attention to competitive market and always striving to provide more value to our customers. So it's difficult for us to make a prediction as to what will happen. And we demonstrated the ability to pass along price when we need to because of inflationary factors. But again, we always keep competition in mind as well. So again, pleased at how we're doing so far and the way we're managing that balance.
James Umpleby III: Certainly, again, we obviously pay very close attention to what's happening in the marketplace. We pay attention to STUs. Dealers or independent businesses make their own decisions about inventory. But, certainly, we do work with them. And the last thing we want to do is to have too much inventory in the channel. As it occurs today, as we mentioned earlier, we're now back in our normal typical range. And still, we still have many dealers that would like more equipment from us to support customer orders.  So we talked about the fact that non-resi is 75% of Construction Industries. And it is still quite robust and strong, and we expect it to grow. Yes, some moderation in residential. But, again, 75% is non-resi. So, again, as we always do, we'll pay close attention to the market and we'll modify our production plans as appropriate. But there are still some products that we need to produce more of, quite frankly, and we're still dealing with some supply chain issues in some areas. So it's not a one size fits all answer. We talked about the fact that China is slow and we expect it to continue to be slow, below 2022 levels, but in many areas demand is still quite strong.
James Umpleby III: You may recall that we put through price increases later in E&T than we did with machines just based on the market dynamics that existed at the time. So having said that, as I mentioned, particularly in oil and gas and power generation, market is quite strong. And we expect our volumes, certainly in oil and gas, to increase. And we're dealing with in kind of oil and gas still some supply chain challenges. So we're dealing with that. That factor was your ramp up. So, our, again, I mentioned earlier, very strong fourth quarter, but still very robust order rates coming in and a lot of quotation activity. So, again, we do expect that E&T to improve in 2023. And I won't try to compare it to where they were a few years ago. I'm going to say that the business is strong and improving.
James Umpleby III: Again, just to reiterate, we had a couple of really strong years in China in 2020, 2021. And we had saw softening in 2022. And again, we don't see signs of improvement at this point. We continue to invest in new products to try to maintain our competitiveness with new products. So that's continuing. And we've been pleased with the response to those new products, including the GX. But that above 10 ton excavator market, we do expect to be weaker in 2023 than it was in 2022. And the inventory in the fourth quarter versus the build in the prior year is lower.
James Umpleby III: We've been talking for a number of years in our earnings call about what we expect in the mining industry, which was moderate growth year-on-year. And as opposed to what we saw going back, thinking about 10 or 12 or 15 years ago, where we saw some wild cycles up and down, and really I believe that's a function of our mining customers remaining capital disciplined. And that's a very positive thing, I think, for them and for us, and what we've been saying for a number of years now in our earnings calls, that we expect a year-over-year moderate increase. And that's exactly the way it's playing out. So we're very encouraged by our quotation activity with customers, the conversations that are going on. We have a strong backlog, which we feel good about. Parked trucks remained at low levels. There's high utilization of equipment. And customers make decisions on a whole variety of factors as to whether or not they're going to rebuild or they're going to buy new trucks and we benefit from either one of those things.  We're very encouraged by our autonomous solution. And we firmly believe we have the best solution in the industry. And that's been demonstrated by the decision, the purchasing decisions that our customers are making.  And as a reminder, of course, RI also includes quarry and ag, which trends there are positive as well. A lot of that's driven by infrastructure spending and anticipated infrastructure spending. So, again, we feel good about the mining business. Again, quotation activity is very strong and we're having very good conversations with customers.
James Umpleby III: I believe we mentioned in our prepared remarks that EAME, which is Europe, Africa and the Middle East, is expected to be about flat. And we said that strength in the Middle East is offsetting some uncertainty in Europe. So, certainly, when oil prices are elevated, that tends to provide the investment capabilities for customers in the Middle East, it's for oil and gas business or for construction. So, again, it is certainly a bright spot and a positive one and one that we feel will continue through 2023.
James Umpleby III: Certainly, we have a diverse group of suppliers and a diverse product line and we did see some improvement in the quarter, but there are still some areas of strength. And it's very different product by product. And even though you'll see a number of suppliers in better shape, all it takes is one component to prevent you from shipping an engine or machine. And part of it's just the nature of the beast, I think, as to what's happening in various industries. And if we look at our large engines, it's more of a struggle, frankly, than it is with some of our construction machines at the moment. And these things ebb and flow over time. But that's where we are today.  We still see some semiconductor availability challenges. I know with the higher end chips, that's improved significantly in the industry based on industry reports, but for the semiconductors that we use, it continues to be a challenge. And so, in the fourth quarter, we certainly did still experience inefficiencies associated with supply chain challenges. And that had an impact on us because we're still doing things like workarounds. And it's not anywhere near as smooth as it needs to be.
James Umpleby III: Again, we are encouraged, as I mentioned, about our progress and services. And we mentioned, when we threw that target out that it wouldn't be a straight line, it wouldn't be linear. And we knew we had to make investments to make it happen. And we are continuing to invest in a whole variety of things. We've gotten more connected assets now, 1.4 million, up from 1.2 million last year. We're investing significantly in our ecommerce capabilities. That's one more arguably, I'd argue, we were a bit behind. But we made great progress and very proud of what the team is doing there. And those sales are increasing.  To answer your question on customer value agreements, over 60% of new equipment in 2022 was delivered with a CVA. And that's really important because it creates that customer touch point and it gives us the ability to demonstrate that value that we can provide.  And also, we're investing heavily in AI. We have what are called prioritized service events. So what that does is allows us to give dealers a lead on aftermarket service and repair in advance. And it provides value to our dealers, of course, but it also provides value to our customers because it allows them to avoid unplanned downtime. So, that's really positive as well.  Also, we're working on parts availability. We need to have the right parts at the right place at the right time. And that's one of the benefits of having connected assets and also utilizing AI with those connected assets to ensure that we anticipate where those parts will be needed. And that's a key enabler as well. 
James Umpleby III: We're not running as lean as I would like us to be. And certainly, that is a consequence of the supply chain challenges we're having. And like I mentioned in previous calls, the term decommit is one that I hadn't been familiar with until COVID hit and where customers in a very short notice decommit and don't give us components when we need them. And so, that's created inefficiencies. It's also resulted in more inventory. So, I wouldn't say it's a permanent condition. As the supply chain situation improves, I do expect us to become leaner again and to be able to reduce our internal inventory.
James Umpleby III: All right. And thank you all for joining us. I really do appreciate your questions. Just to summarize here, I'm very proud of our global team. They delivered one of the best years we had on record. Strong overall top line growth. Services grew 17%. We generated strong adjusted operating profit and ME&T free cash flow in the year. And we achieved an all-time record for adjusted profit per share.  As we think about the year, we're encouraged by the strong quotation activity, our $30 billion backlog, and as we mentioned, we believe 2023 will be an even better year than 2022 on both the top and bottom line. And we continue to remain focused on supporting our customers and executing our strategy for long-term profitable growth.  Again, thank you for your questions.
Andrew Bonfield: As I think we've said from a planning assumptions perspective, obviously, there is some carryover price impacting us, in particular in the first half of the year. As we expect to go through the year, we expect that benefit of price to moderate in the second half. But also, we expect the increases in manufacturing costs to continue to moderate as we go through the year. But, obviously, that's a planning assumption. And as always the case, that is predicated on the assumption that input inflation does moderate. And as Jim said, we'll obviously keep an eye open on that and take pricing actions accordingly.
Andrew Bonfield: And part of the reason why I highlighted that CI margins were actually very, very high in the fourth quarter, part of that was because normally, in the fourth quarter, you don't see a dealer inventory build as big as we did see in the fourth quarter and the fact that that release did help overall CI margins come in a little bit better than we expected as well.  Obviously, what that does mean is, normally – yes, correct, we normally get a 200 to 300 basis points bump in the first quarter based on production and ramping up production. Obviously, those production rates aren't quite the same as they would normally be fourth quarter to first quarter because, obviously, we're looking at a very different profile, particularly given that, obviously, we were building production through 2022, particularly in CI. So that is the biggest challenge and that's probably the biggest single factor which will drive margins sequentially lower.  On price cost, we still expect strong price in Q1. It will not be as big as Q4 for the simple reason we are lapping price increases that we put through at the beginning of 2022. So that will be coming down slightly, but we do expect price cost to be favorable for the first half of the year. Again, that's just going to create a little bit of noise in the margin structure quarter-on-quarter. Unfortunately, we are not going to go back to the normal lower margins in Q1, higher margins in Q4, which you guys are going to be able to model is going to still be a little bit different as we go through 2023. Obviously, 2022 was the opposite.
Andrew Bonfield: No, that's an assumption at the moment, Tami. At the moment, as a planning assumption, as is always the case, the dealer inventories will be flattish for the year and should not increase or decrease. Effectively, what that does mean, though, is obviously the headwind exists from our shipments on the $2.4 billion of dealer inventory that got built in 2022. Remind you, a big chunk of that, around about 60% is in E&T and in RI, which is related to customer orders, which will be fall through into sales to end users in due course. But overall, we expect, again, sales to users to be up year-over-year and the dealer inventory headwind will moderate that level of increase the volume that we will see in our shipments, as I said in my remarks.
Andrew Bonfield: There's a couple of factors, obviously, that come into that. Material costs will still be a headwind, we expect. Some of that is material is cost inflation that we're still seeing through this year. Some of that material cost inflation is not just necessarily commodity costs. Some of it will be labor cost and some of it will include energy costs. So, all of those factors we are anticipating will moderate as we go through the year. We are starting to see signs of lower levels of requests for price increases coming from suppliers. So that's a positive sign. And hopefully, as things unwind through the year, some of that will moderate.  Again, we have not – in our planning assumptions, we base our pricing actions on what we're assuming from a manufacturing cost perspective. And obviously, we'll take action as appropriate if we need to, if there are greater increases than we're currently expecting in manufacturing costs in 2023.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. So we actually had a reduction in dealer inventory in Asia-Pac this year in CI versus a build in the previous year.
Andrew Bonfield: I think if you look out for the rest of the year, what we do expect is, obviously, we start to lap those in the second half of the year, those inefficiencies. So we should either see a moderation or actually a reversal of some of that supply chain inefficiency we saw in the second half of the year.
