Amy Campbell: Thank you, Kate. Good morning. And welcome everyone to our first quarter earnings call. On the call today, I am pleased to have our CEO, Jim Umpleby; our Group President and CFO, Brad Halverson; and our Vice President of Financial Services, Joe Creed. Remember, this call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Incorporated and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you'd like a copy of today's call, we'll be posting in the Investors section of our caterpillar.com website. It will be in the section labeled, Results Webcast. This morning, we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that either individually or in the aggregate could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our discussion of cautionary statements and significant risks to the company's business in item 1A risk factors and the 2017 Form 10-K filed with the SEC, and also in our forward-looking statements included in today's financial release. A reconciliation of non-GAAP measures be found in this morning's release and is also posted at caterpillar.com/earnings. So we're going to start the call this morning with a few words from Jim, and then Brad will walk us through quarter results and our revised outlook, and then we will turn it back to Kate as we begin the Q&A portion of the call. And with that I'll turn it over to Jim.
Amy Campbell: All right. So, Courtney, you're correct, we started off the year expected material costs to be higher. We started to see some material cost increases in the back half of 2017. For the industry, steel prices I think were up about 40% last year. I think they were up about 15% for the industry in the first quarter. We have not seen that type of cost increase flow to through to our results, but we have seen material cost increases most notably for steel continue to increase. And as we said, we now expect material cost increases to be higher for the full year than we thought they would be in the fourth quarter outlook, and that is primarily driven by steel. There are a lot of factors that are driving those steel cost increases, but what we pointed out is that we continue to expect price realization to offset those material cost increases. And in fact, from the fourth-quarter outlook to this outlook, we now expect the price realization increase was actually larger than the material cost increase so that gap grew a little bit, not a significant amount but it did grow a little bit favorable versus what we had in the fourth quarter outlook. And on China expectations, you're correct; we started the year expecting industry demand to be up about 8%. We tend to focus on the ten-ton and above excavator as we talk about specific numbers for industry demand. China continues to be stronger than we expect. We now expect the China 10-ton and above excavator demand to be up 30% this year. At that level that's about 88,000 excavators for the industry, that's probably about 20% to 25% above where we think normal replacement demand and the macro environment in China supports. But we do at this point continue to expect China to be very strong for the rest of the year. That said, we expect normal sales patterns in China, so we expect about 60% of end-user demand to come in the first half of the year, and about 40% of end-user demand to be in the back half of the year.
Amy Campbell: So, Ross, there's a lot of factors that go into pricing. Certainly key to them is our strategic initiatives and our focus on profitable growth. We began mid-year price increases several months ago discussions around what was appropriate and the market environment that we're seeing today. And the mid-year price increase which is primarily for construction industries products and some resource industries products that are largely used in heavy construction activities is where we took that major price increase.
Amy Campbell: Yes. So I mean I think we're only feeling appropriate to talk about our actions. We certainly read the same information that you do, but I think it's only appropriate at this time to talk about our pricing actions not those of others.
Amy Campbell: Sure. So the short answer is no. We're not seeing any slowdown and aftermarket parts demand for mining. We continue to see robust rebuild demand; strong utilization in the mines is driving improving aftermarket parts demand and orders. So we expect increases in aftermarket parts for the full year 2018. However, we are expecting even from a percentage basis more significant increases and new equipment for mining. So after several years of underinvestment and replacement demand and some new mining expansion, we expect new equipment sales to grow by more than aftermarket parts sales this year.
Amy Campbell: Yes. So a couple of things in there. The resource margin largely driven by volume increases. So resource industries saw a 31% volume increase driven by higher end user demand. That was the biggest driver. They also had some favorable price realization and really kept their cost relatively flat on that significant volume increase. So that drove a lot of margin improvement. One thing that we point out at the consolidated level that's impacting resource industries margins as we move throughout the year is cost absorption. So resource industries saw a significant increase in inventory in the quarter, which had a favorable impact to their margins and to their performance in the quarter. They now expect their inventory to be about flat for the rest of the year, which will have a negative impact and cost absorbs and for the remainder of the year. So a resource industry does expect their margins to come down from the first quarter, but to remain within the Investor Day range for the full year. And at resource industries volume levels, a few changes like cost absorption can have a meaningful impact in margin performance but for the full year we do expect resource industries to be within the Investor Day range.
Amy Campbell: Yes. So CAT financials normal business in the quarter was quite good. Average assets were up, margins expanded. There was some weakness in the CAT power finance and LATAM portfolios as you discussed, and even in the CAT Power Finance, a significant portion of that was in Latin America. So it's a reflection of some weakness in Latin America that we all are well aware of and has been there for some time putting some pressure on that portfolio. There are also some unique just financing rules and issues in LATAM about being able to get inventory back and how you process through past use. And so overall, no, it's really mostly very specific to Latin America and the weakness we've seen in the recent past in that economy. And outside of that it was really just one or two customer issues that were going through some financial challenges and had some restructures to their loans.
Amy Campbell: Yes. So there are three reasons why we see the first quarter profit per share to be the high-water mark and you mentioned all three of them. I'll go through them again. Price versus material cost, very favorable on the first quarter. We expect to be favorable for the full year but for the balance of the year we would expect material cost increases to be greater than price realization.
Amy Campbell: Yes. So manufacturing costs, a significant piece of that favorability was cost absorption. So with the inventory growth in the quarter which I believe was $900 million or so that drew favorable cost absorption. We do not expect that - we expect that to actually be an unfavorable item for the balance of the year. So it is there --there is negative material cost and that manufacturing cost bucket and favorable cost of absorption that will not repeat itself. In addition to that, we do talk about period cost spend which is twofold. One is just normal seasonality of spent. So the first quarter is often a slow quarter for project spending as R&D projects pick up throughout the year? And then many of our target initiatives for e-commerce, for digital, for expanding products like the NextGen got off to a slower start than we expected, and we expect those projects to get back on track as we proceed throughout the year.
Amy Campbell: I don't have a specific number to give you, David. I mean what we did talk about is that we did not change our estimate for those for the full year, but we got off to a slow start in the first quarter. So we kept our fourth quarter outlook for investing and those target initiatives are the same but under spent on those in the first quarter.
Amy Campbell: Yes. So very clearly we are trying to communicate that we see strong demand across all regions and most of our end markets increasing from our fourth-quarter outlook. And so driving the first quarter raise is an increase in our sales volume expectations which implies that we see continued good growth for the balance of the year.
Amy Campbell: So a couple things. Yes, you're correct that we said that for the balance of the year price versus cost would be negative. We don't give quarterly guidance. In fact, I don't have the breakout of what that will be quarter – by quarter, but for the rest of the year that comparison will be negative and certainly as we sit here today at the end of the first quarter, we're a long way from looking out into what 2019 will look like. And we do and Brad said this a couple times in his script continue to stress that at the end of the day higher commodity prices are a good thing for our end markets. And we're seeing that translate into improvements across many for many our customers. As far as the price question, we have good margins, it's a competitive marketplace, continues to be a competitive marketplace. And at the key point of our strategic strategy is to profitably grow the business.
Amy Campbell: Sure. So the growth in the backlog was driven by construction energies and energy and transportation, resource industries backlog was flat and sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2017 driven really by two things. One, we had a very strong order board in the fourth quarter. We saw some of those orders-- we didn't - so I guess I would say it that way we saw a very strong fourth quarter and then velocity for shipment really picked up in the first quarter. So we were able to keep up with orders and get throughput and shipments out the door. Construction industries backlog increase is reflective of continued strong demand and construction industries. And I say the same for energy and transportation, the biggest piece of that for reciprocating engine largely for North America onshore oil and gas. And I know there's always a lot of interest, so our backlog remains healthy and was flat - about flat sequentially from the fourth quarter to the first quarter.
Amy Campbell: Yes. I would say broadly speaking that we're not seeing much significant mix impact across the segments in our outlook. It's not an area that we're focusing on really positively or negatively. It's over the entire portfolio is pretty balanced.
Amy Campbell: Yes. So, Jerry, maybe I'll step back a little bit, dealer inventory levels in terms of months of sales are at the bottom end of our current range that we think about, but keep in mind that dealer inventories are controlled by the dealers or independently owned and operated. So ultimately they have the decision power there. But we have moved I would say from a targeted range for dealer inventories in terms of months of sales from three and a half to four months of sales down to about three to three and a half months of sales. So as you hear us talk about that it probably is lower than where we were in the prior cycle. Right now we're at the bottom end of that range and in some regions most notably in China were actually well below that range, and we expect at some point I guess over the long that won't be sustainable, we'll have to see some dealer inventory come back into or Chinese dealers.
Amy Campbell: Yes. So your assumption is correct, Joe. We expect dealer inventory to end the year about where we are now at the end of the first quarter, maybe up or down a little bit, but I think broadly speaking to end the year pretty close to where we ended the first quarter. We do expect construction industries dealer inventory come down in the second quarter on a strong selling season. And at the same time, we expect resource industries dealer inventory to come up in the second quarter on continued kind of build out and support of strong demand and user demand for resource industries. And then for that inventory to again come down by the end of the year. I don't have an estimate a month of sales for the end of year, and quite frankly as we all know ultimately where we in dealer inventory will have a lot to do with the 2019 outlook is. And we're not giving that today, and so I think kind of estimating what months of sales will be and frankly well I walk through what our outlook includes exactly knowing where dealer inventory will be at the end of the year. It's a lot to do with where dealers are and where an expectation for 2019 for the dealers comes in it.
Amy Campbell: Sure. So the parked fleet does continue to come down, rebuilds remain robust. We expect them to be robust throughout the rest of the year. So I would say that there are still trucks that come back online in our estimation. It has - there's a lot of complexities about bringing the parked fleet online versus expansions where's that parked fleet add versus where are the expansions in mines at, and there are so many things driving new equipment demand expansions being one, but also replacing equipment which has been delayed for some time now also being a significant driver of new equipment demand. And so we do - I think in short we do have the parked fleet continuing to come down, rebuild, driving and aftermarket parts sales continues to be robust. And where that new equipment is I guess kind of in short term it's pretty broad around the globe and pretty broad by commodity. So the recovery in mining that's occurring continues to be pretty broad-based.
Jim Umpleby: Thank you, Amy. Good morning, everyone. First, I'd like to thank our global Caterpillar team for outstanding first quarter results. I am very proud of how our team capitalizes on improving market conditions to deliver a 31% increase in sales and revenues compared to the first quarter of 2017. Our team also achieved the highest first quarter profit in Caterpillar's 93 year history. We saw strength across many of our end markets in the first quarter including higher demand for construction and mining equipment and for onshore and North American oil and gas applications. We had a great start to the year. But higher sales volumes wasn't the only contributor to this record first quarter results. Operational excellence which includes safety, quality, lean principles and our commitment to control structural costs is one of the three key components of our enterprise strategy. Our team kept manufacturing cost about flat in the first quarter of 2018 despite a 31% increase in sales volume over 2017 which represents excellent performance by our team. At Investor Day last September, we shared our target operating margin ranges for the company. And for each of business segments, at reasonable sales levels that we've achieved in the recent past. These target ranges represented significant improvement compared to those achieved the last time we experienced similar sales volumes. While operating margins are expected to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, we are pleased that in the first quarter of 2018, construction industries and resource industries exceeded the targeted ranges communicated during Investor Day. Energy and transportation operating margin in the first quarter was squarely within its targeted range as was the total Caterpillar enterprise. During the quarter, we made strategic investments and expanded our offerings and services to other two key components of our strategy. As we focus on delivering long-term profitable growth in serving our customers, we will continue to make targeted investments through the remainder of the year. Even with these additional targeted investments, we are raising our full year outlook by $2 per share along with strong first quarter results, economic indicators generally remain positive and our backlog has grown. Before I turn it over to Brad, I'd like to say a few words about our refreshed cash deployment priorities. As you will see in the slide presentation, we made some changes in support of our enterprise strategy with some things like our commitment to maintain the dividend and a strong balance sheet haven't changed. We will change how we approach funding growth and share repurchases. Our growth initiatives will be primarily in the strategic priorities of expanded offerings and services not in factor capacity. In the first quarter, we also repurchased $500 million of common stock. Moving forward, we intend to begin the market on a fairly consistent basis to offset the impact of share dilution overtime. We are off to a great start in 2018, but we also have lots of work to do. I am confident that our team will continue to execute our strategy as we move throughout the year. With that I'll turn it over to Brad.
Jim Umpleby: Hi, Jamie, this is Jim. Just starting with an M&A question. So all of our business leaders continually evaluate opportunities for M&A, nothing new so at any one time there's dozens of things we're evaluating. And so again we'll - we're ready to make acquisitions as they make sense for us. We've talked previously about the fact that we are very focused on expanding offerings and services, and that's where both our organic and our external investment will go, that's a big priority for us. In terms of the margin question, certainly we have experienced strong margins in the first quarter. Our goal is to grow the business and we talked in the yesterday about the fact that we are focused on growing absolute OpEx dollars, that's our focus. And so again we want to have a healthy operating margin range, but we really want to invest to grow and that's what we're contending to do.
Jim Umpleby: We don't have anything to announce really at this time. Again, as I said we'll be in the market and consistent basis to offset dilution over time. We don't have any announcements today about any kind of share repurchase.
Jim Umpleby: This is Jim. So, Jerry, we are certainly committed to controlling structural cost as we've said many times. We are going to making targeted investments and those are in the areas of expanded offerings and services. And so in the past when we wanted to grow was through either R&D for new products, we build the factories or we make an acquisition. So now we're really looking at in making some investments again in services. We're expanding our digital capabilities and so some of that will involve period cost, period cost but again we're very committed to keeping our structural cost under control. So I think I answered your question but again we'll make some targeted investments, but we're not, just don't let cost creep up the way they have in the past.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. There isn't one answer to the question. So for some of them that would be a longer term and for some they will be relatively short. So again as we focus on the aftermarket generally many of those investments should produce relatively short-term returns and some will be more long-term.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So it certainly as a balance. So to answer your first question how do we establish the margins? We looked at the margins that we achieved at similar sales levels in the recent past and we put forward what we thought was a reasonable expectation for our teams to improve margins. Now as we've said, again both this morning and in Investor Day, our goal is to profitably grow and we want to make investments to grow within a healthy range. We're not too concerned about quarterly deviations because we expect quarter to-quarter that there'll be some movement there, but again we're trying to grow the business over the long term in a healthy margin rate.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. It is a balance and obviously one of the things trying to do is grow the aftermarket and have aftermarket you need to have market share of new equipment. So it's always a balance that we - there's no one answer to the question but yes we want to increase share we do, and it's always a balance between margins and share, but again our goal here is to grow the business.
Jim Umpleby: And this is Jim. So it certainly wasn't our intent to express a concern about peak to use your words, really no change here in terms of us continually looking at M&A opportunities. Obviously, our cash position has improved over the last year and that allows us the flexibility to make investments both organically and in M&A. And again, we're not ruling anything out. So I said about share repurchase we didn't have an announcement to make today. And again, we're looking at staying with our strategy to grow our business as we communicated in Investor Day.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. Appreciate everyone calling in today. We appreciate your questions and look forward to chatting with you next quarter. Thank you.
David Raso: Hi, Evercore ISI. Just a clarification I think you mentioned first quarter EPS would be the high-water mark for the year by quarter. And I'm just trying to make sure I understand, in the last 20 years your second quarter has always been above your first quarter except for twice, right, when oil and gas was rolling over in 2015 and in 2011 when Cyrus and the Japanese disaster hit the quarter. So kind of unique circumstance. and I know you just commented a bit on resource but can you help us understand a little more the puts and takes on why such an anomaly of the first quarter being a high-water mark? The idea the investments might be interesting if you can maybe flush out some numbers around that, the price costs won't be as positive as the first quarter, but as you said if anything for the full year, your view even get a little better for price cost, now maybe a lot of it was in the first quarter already, I appreciate that but I'm just making sure we understand why such anomaly that the second quarter is below the first quarter.
David Raso: And the cost were positive 21 so called it 207. So if you think a full-year still positive. It can't take out more than $207 million. So I mean its $50million, $60 million a quarter drag. So that's $0.06. I'm just making sure I understand where are the magnitudes to create such an anomaly in your seasonal pattern of earnings.
David Raso: Okay. There's not - if there's nothing else to point at that, that's helpful, I appreciate the feedback. It just seems a bit of an odd - an odd seasonal I mean it just seems the last two times we've had the first quarter be even this low percent of the full year guide. You kind of have to go back to paying, we were peaking in early 2012 and we rolled over by the end of the year or oil and gas started to roll over in 2015. I'm just making sure we all don't walk away saying hey that was the best quarter they're going to give us period. Is that the only the time that's happened is we peaked in early 2012 and oil and gas hit us broadly in 2015. So I'm just being clear with what you are trying to communicate.
