Jim Umpleby: Thanks, Jamie. And firstly, we really appreciate the efforts of our employees to manage the challenges in the supply chain. One of the things that we're seeing [Indiscernible] the course is an improving end user demand is adding pressure in the supply chain and on freight as well.  And some of the supply chain challenges are more broad-based than encouraged in a normal upturn. You may think about the last upturn we had casting issues and some other individual component issues. This time, it's more broad-based than is typical.  Having said that, again, as we said in the last call, our team is working very hard to avoid or minimize those supply chain challenges that would impact our ability to meet -- to fully meet improving customer and demand. And we think that the impact to the second quarter was modest.  And again, we're working very hard to try to limit them. We haven't had some of the large factory shutdowns for weeks that you've read about with some other industrial companies. We've also taken some actions to do things like with resins, we changed our material spec due to shortages that were out there and it helped us to keep production going.  Again, majority of our products for end-users are delivered within the normal ranges availability. Some of the bigger challenges have been on the smaller products, PCP, a lot of those products are used in residential in North America.  So there those are some of the bigger challenges we're having in terms of availability. But, again, the majority of our products for our end users are within the normal ranges, and we're working very closely with our dealers to try to ensure that we meet actual customer demand.
Jim Umpleby: Thank you, Jerry. You mentioned autonomy, and the demand for autonomous products continues to be quite strong. A lot of quotation activity going on. As I mentioned earlier, we currently are deploying autonomous mining equipment in 18 different sites, 10 customers, 3 continents for a whole variety of commodities: iron ore, copper, oil, sands, gold, coal mines.  And so again, we believe that will continue to grow at a rapid pace. We're also expanding our autonomous solutions to other support equipment like dozers, drills, underground equipment, and water trucks as well.  In terms of zero - emissions products, we're very focused in working closely with our customers to meet their needs. We talked about the NMG announcement during the call here early this morning.  That's a great example of one where the customer has a need, they have a date they have to meet, and we're working very closely with them, as their exclusive supplier, with product technologies to make it happen. Again, we're working very closely to develop products to meet customer demand. And it's -- as you can imagine, it's a big topic of discussion and focus by our leadership team, and something that we'll continue to do moving forward.  And, yes, some of the goals we put out in our Sustainability Report. We talked about 100% of our new products through 2030 will be more sustainable than the previous generation in some manner. And we're very focused on doing that.  Again, if you look at our climate and energy statement, it talks more about some of our approaches in our specific goals for reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our own operations.  Again, our strategy here, work on greenhouse gas emissions and be more sustainable in our own operations and are very focused on helping our customers meet their goals as well.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. Thank you, Rob. That 30% productivity increases is actually something that was stated by a customer and not us. And so on our view, our customers are in fact seeing productivity gains, which is one of the reasons that adoption continues to move forward.  So I believe it's also -- it's really accelerating, so it's clear that our customers are seeing the benefit or they wouldn't be continuing to put an autonomous operation. There's a variety of models that we have that we use with our customers.  Typically, there's a monthly kind of fee that we received. Of course, we sell the equipment to them as well. But again, commercial models are very dependent upon individual customer negotiations.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. Thank you, Stephen. As we've mentioned over the last few quarters, we're bullish on the trend in mining. We're seeing a robust quotation activity, we are seeing increased orders. We talked about our timing already, this morning.  We have seen, certainly, strength in aftermarket for mining, but we also see strength in OE as well. So again, as utilization improves, as the energy transition drives, higher commodity prices, that is driving activity for us in both parts and OE.
Jim Umpleby: Thank you, Ross. It was mentioned earlier, we do expect -- our customers are displaying capital discipline, and we expect that to continue. In terms of pipeline activity, our business I believe was actually up in the second quarter.  And that is one data point. Again, it's -- we'll see how the future unfolds here in terms of Oil and Gas. We are -- we do feel good about a gradual turn-net business. Oil prices are supportive of investment. But again, our customers are displaying that capital discipline.  There was a lot of strength in natural gas pipelines for a few years, and that tends to be a cyclical business. If you look back over the last 30 years, just in my experience, you go through periods of very strong activity but followed by periods of lower activity.  Again, it's a cyclical business, it goes up and down. But for our business, we did see an improvement in the second quarter in pipeline versus the first.
Jim Umpleby: Thanks, Jairam, for your question. You may recall that we introduced last year the first Zero-Emission Switch Locomotive. We sold that to a couple of customers, something we're excited about. But we're very flexible and we're -- we will do certain things ourselves.  We'll do certain things with partners and suppliers. But again, we're -- those discussions are ongoing and we'll come up with -- As we do with all of our products, some things we'll make ourselves, some things we'll get from suppliers, some things we'll get from partners. And we're working our way through that.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thank you for your question. And we already are seeing stronger heavy construction activity. It's something we saw in the second quarter, and we expect that improvement to continue. That is irrespective of an infrastructure bill in the U.S. being passed.  We're seeing improvement in that business being driven by a whole variety of things. If in fact there is an infrastructure deal, it's always difficult to estimate timing. Typically, that helps the confidence of our customers, which helps our business.  But we are already seeing an improvement in our heavy construction activity. And is, again, we expect that strength to continue moving forward, regardless of a deal or not.
Jim Umpleby: You bet. This is a reminder, last year was a very strong market in China, very strong. And we saw a very strong first quarter this year as well. We did see the industry declined modestly in the second quarter.  And that's, again, as we expected. And it's, I think some policy normalization there drove that weakness. But just based on everything we see, we are expecting the full year to be roughly flat to last year.  But as a reminder, that's a very healthy level because last year was so strong. That's what we see. I mentioned earlier about the fact that our GX models have been well-received. We're very pleased with that product introduction. It is a competitive market.  And you asked about pricing, it's a competitive market. But, again, by introducing new products, by continuing to build better dealer network, we're confident in our ability to continue to be able to compete in China.
Jim Umpleby: Good morning, Christine. Thanks for your question. Well, as we've been discussing for several quarters on mining. We've been bullish on the long-term trend in mining. And we are seeing an improvement in that business. It's going to be lumpy, but again, the trend is quite positive.  So I wouldn't say anything is holding it back. It's really. manifesting itself much as we've been predicting for the last 3 or 4 earnings calls, steady improvement in mining, and it's continuing to happen. So, again, a lot of quotation activity.  It's -- our customers are always very focused on capital discipline. But having said that, utilization high is high, part trucks are low across all regions. Commodity prices, as you indicated, are quite strong.  So it's turning out as we expected, which is a steady gradual improvement in mining and we're very pleased at that. Honestly, that kind of a profile, I think, is better for everybody than spike ups and then a drop, and a spike up and a drop. We love to see that steady improvement.
Jim Umpleby: And then to answer your mining question, we're working very closely with our customers to help them achieve their sustainability goals. There is a wide variety of different approaches, as you can imagine, between -- from customer to customer, but also from geography to geography as well.  And so there is no one answer to that. Again, we're working very closely with our customers. And now, since we made it at the appropriate time, we had one in NMG this quarter, as just an example of some of the things that we're doing to support our customers. Again, those adoption rates will vary, geographically and by customer.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks, everyone. Really appreciate you joining the call this morning. And we thank you for all your questions. We continue to focus on executing their strategy for long-term profitable growth, which, as you recall, includes services, expanded offerings, and operational excellence.  Congratulations to our team. We had a strong quarter. We're pleased that there's strength in demand coming from all regions. And we're optimistic about our ability to solve the challenges that arise. And also to continue supporting our customers as they move forward. Thank you again.
Andrew Bonfield: Thanks, David. Hi. Yes. Obviously, what we are seeing though, is this is an a typical year. And as we've indicated, we don't necessarily expect a normal seasonable pattern between Q2 and Q3.  Obviously, underlying volumes, we do believe and particularly in end-user too, if we do expect to grow significantly in that rate of growth to be higher in the 15% we saw in Q2. So that will mean that probably we don't expect that normal pattern.  And that's the factor which we have to look at. And obviously, the moment we haven't updated about the fourth quarter. But we'll give you an update probably in October.
Andrew Bonfield: And on the -- specifically on the price increase side, just given that the nature of the recovery within E&T is slightly different from where we are seeing in CI and ROI, where there's obviously a much stronger underlying demand signal.  If you saw in the quarter, machines [Indiscernible] end-users was high about 20%, E&T was up 1%. They are in slightly different paces. And therefore, it is a very logical decision to actually take the view that obviously you don't want to put at risk and recovery within the E&T markets.  So you will take a little bit of paying on price. In the short-term. However, obviously, within construction businesses, and [Indiscernible] we do expect overall price more than offset manufacturing costs increases.  And just remind you, in manufacturing costs, significant amount of that is actually a steep increase which we would not price for as well. And some of that is going to impact EMT.
Andrew Bonfield: Yeah. Overall, as we've indicated, we do expect the third quarter to be strong. And obviously, that will -- effectively, streams will be higher. The rate of growth of streams will be higher in Q3 than Q2. We don't give specific guidance on absolute revenue numbers, but obviously, we're giving you a little bit of color there.  As far as the margin, yes, [Indiscernible] will moderate that -- some impact as we said of not putting price through. Within CI and RI, within the machine's businesses, obviously, we've seen price benefit part of that price benefit is Geo Mix.  Geo Mix will come off a little bit, so there will be an offset between Geo Mix and price. And that's really due to the mix of sales between the different geographies which impacts Geo Mix. So the price won't improve, but obviously you will start seeing some material cost increases.  and probably leave some increasing freight cost based on what we're seeing in the market today. That will be where the margin pressure is on the machine side, both CI and RI. Also, in addition, obviously as I said, we do expect some increases in the underlying SG&A and R&D spend as what -- the return to work normalizes and some of the things like travels start opening up and we start seeing some of those expenses come back.
Andrew Bonfield: Sorry, Ann. I hadn't thought to confuse you. It's actually not -- it's not negative, but it's sequentially lower, the benefit of geo mix. And most of that is, obviously -- if you remember last year, when we looked to geo mix, there was a big move between, obviously, China, in the second half of the year was very strong recovery.  The U.S., we saw [Indiscernible] inventory reductions and softer demand. There was a negative drag on geo mix. First quarter, obviously, China was very strong in CI, the U.S. slightly weaker. Obviously, now in the second quarter, we've seen that turnaround quite significantly, and that gave us a big benefit of geo mix in Q2.  That will moderate because the -- it develops a gap of North America versus the other geographies will actually diminish. That's how it works. And that's why we think it will actually still be a benefit, but will be less positive than it was in Q2. However, we do expect the price increases we put through to offset that. We'll see how the price realization mitigate that impact.
Andrew Bonfield: Joel, thanks. This is Andrew. Obviously, as we said, we expect this year not to see any significant benefit from dealer restocking. Obviously, and that prioritization, given some of the supply chain challenges, is absolutely meeting end-user demand.  Obviously, we need to see how things pan out in 2022. Again, we will always prioritize making sure that we are meeting end-user demand over increasing inventory in the dealer channel. Obviously, that will be something we will continue to work with our dealers on, making sure that they do it.  It's way too early to predict whether -- when dealer inventory will rise. Obviously, we'll continue to monitor that, and we'll update you as we go through every quarter.
Andrew Bonfield: Obviously, we do not give a guidance on what we think the cost will be. As we said, we do think they will be higher in the second half. Again, just to remind you, price will be about the same. We expect for the full year for machines for price to more than offset increases in manufacturing costs.  And that increases in manufacturing costs also include short-term incentive compensation, which again is not only higher versus last year, but it was also above that baseline level given the results we have. It is a moving part.  There's lots of [Indiscernible] moving parts within there. Absorption rates have an impact and so forth as well. Overall though, yes, they are increasing, they are our pressure. However, probably we don't see -- it's more that we saw such strong favorability.  Remember Q1, we actually had material costs and manufacturing costs were favorable. And, also, we saw our very minimal price, still stronger price in Q2 and the small increase in manufacturing costs. That just means that manufacturing costs will get greater and more mitigate/offset some of that price we're seeing. So that gives you a range to work to.
