Mike DeWalt: Well, I don't know if I would give a -- put a time on it, but what I would tell you right now is, I think we're in a position where dealers would like to increase rental fleet sizes. I think they would like to improve the quality of fleets. For a lot of product, we are producing as much as we can like excavators, for example, where we're capacity constrained. So I still think there still needs to be more, I think, upgrading of the fleets even before thinking about real, I would say, Construction-led demand from Construction spending. Now this is going to sound like an idiom, an odd comment but in a lot of ways, this has been pretty good for us. I think that had the U.S. roared back with big housing starts, a highway build and improvement in commercial construction, it would have been very, very tough, given the strength in emerging markets, I think, for us to deal with that. That's why, given my little intro there, that's partly why we have all those investment capacity additions going.
Mike DeWalt: Sure. I'll just point out one thing on the segments. The operating profit numbers that we're reporting, that's how we're looking at it internally. Now in the sales numbers that we're reporting by segment, that's external sales, sales to outsiders. The profit numbers include some intercompany sales as well. And you'll notice in the sales table, we have some footnotes below that, that show the intercompany sales numbers as well. So if you're calculating actual margin numbers to match up the sales to the operating profit number, you probably want to include the intercompany as well. That's why we provided it in the footnote. In terms of the quarter, anything unusual, I'd make -- I'm not sure I would qualify this as unusual or not, but -- we've said this before, this is not a new comment. Fourth quarter is usually seasonally a high-cost quarter for us, and the first quarter is usually seasonally a low-cost quarter for us. And we certainly saw in that the fourth quarter of '10, and we saw that in the first quarter of this year. So typically, it's a pretty light quarter for cost. We got R&D programs that will ramp up. But in terms of -- there were no redundancy costs that we called out. There were no big unusual items that we called out.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, on dealer inventory, there is a usually -- and when I say usually, you kind of have to temper that a little bit, depending upon where you are in the cycle. But usually, the seasonal pattern is that dealers will build some inventory in the first quarter. Their big selling seasons, particularly in the northern hemisphere, is spring and summer when contractors are out working there. So generally, they'll build some inventory in the first quarter. Historically, they might then use some inventory, maybe in the use from inventory in the second quarter, where they have bigger sales. Now for the full year, our view is that inventory will probably go off a little bit from where it's at now, but nothing on the order of the quarterly increase that we saw in the first quarter. On the retail sales numbers, we started to pickup in the first quarter of last year. In fact, you'll see the Asian numbers, percentage-wise, look lighter than maybe North America. And I think that probably surprises people in terms of the thinking that North America's weak and Asia's strong. I think when you look at the retail numbers, you kind of have to step back and look at when recovery started. Recovery in Asia started earlier than it did in the U.S. and Europe, and so they're starting to lap now very good numbers. And I think as we move forward, in the kind of the impacts of the 2009 recession are those low, low, levels get behind it, I think the retail comparisons will get tougher as we go forward.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, this is Mike. We've got a lot of factories around the world, a lot of products. And I'm sure if we went into any one of our factories, the product manager could rattle off a dozen components that they would like more of. But I think, on balance, our suppliers have just done a fantastic job of ramping up. I mean, if you look where we came from in the depth of, let's say, third and fourth quarter of 2009, production is significantly higher than it was, then we tried to communicate as far forward as we can with our supply base. And I think for the most part, they've reacted. So we don't have anything specific to call out. It's tightened a lot of areas, but our suppliers have done a great job.
Mike DeWalt: Regionally, all regions were up in the first quarter except Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific actually declined just a touch, and I think that reflects a point that Ed made earlier. Dealers would like to take more inventory if they could. If you take Asia, for example, our excavator production in China is -- will go in full out. And I think if we could get more products at some things like excavators, we can certainly put more in our Lane inventory, and I think that dealers could -- even though we're trying to put as much as we can in Lane inventory to get it distributed well, you could probably make a good case for some dealers needing a bit more.
Mike DeWalt: I tell you what, I'll start with the first part of that. When we came into 2011, if you go back to our original outlook, we said we expected incremental margins in the neighborhood of 25% this year and for the full year. And if you look at our outlook today, we revised the sales number up, and we revised the profit number up. And I think the incremental margins embedded in that are a lot different that what we said before. We did a little better than that in the first quarter. And if you look at the year-over-year sales increase, the first quarter of a year ago was still coming off of, let's just call it, recession lows, and sales really started to improve through the last year. So if you look at first quarter to first quarter, it'll probably have the most significant year-over-year comparatively increase in volume. And the bigger your volume increase in a lot of ways, the easier it is to get a high incremental margin. So I think it's not surprising that the first quarter is a bit better than what we were expecting for the year. On balance, I don't think our expectations for incremental margins for the year are significantly different than how we started out the year.
Mike DeWalt: Sure, and I'm not going to -- we don't really -- I'm not going to talk about that 5 years out, but we certainly have talked about it internally in where we want to be, and that is one of our metrics. And as we've talked to all of you in New York at the exchange last year, at 2015, the goals we laid out for that really get us to this kind of a profit pull through. So yes, I think you can -- I don't know what it is vis-a-vis the peer group, but certainly, in terms of where we want to be by the end of '15, that's a key piece of getting us there.
Mike DeWalt: Okay, a couple of things. It is our intention to restate the quarters of last year, and we'll do that as quickly as we can. I would expect that it's likely that we'll have that done before we talk and disclose it before next quarter. I think we'll be able to do that. So that might give you at least some quarterly perspective from a year ago. Resource Industries includes Mining, which is, shall we say, more profitable than the total. One thing you need to remember, though, when you're thinking about the numbers in total, there's a line within our segments that has corporate costs, and there are some costs in our business, things like -- I'll give you some examples: our Corporate Treasury group, our tax group, part of our Human Resources group, our legal group, some of the pension costs that aren't related to service costs. They are not included in the individual segments. So you'll see those as a negative when we sum up the segments, plus that, to get to the total. So if you were looking at Machinery, for example, before, as we reported that we would've allocated all that to Machinery and Engines, and now we're not. So I think it probably will help you when we give you a little bit more historic data. But again, Resource Industries is the more profitable than average segment, no doubt about it. Now in terms of the first quarter versus the rest of the year, I kind of touched on this. The first quarter is usually a pretty light cost quarter. Fourth quarter is pretty heavy. First quarter is pretty light, and we saw that. Now in addition to that, I think what we're going to see as we move through the year is probably a little bit more headwind on material costs. And on the first quarter, we didn't say much about it in the release, because it was just slightly negative. It was not a big deal in the first quarter. But as we go through the year, that will likely be more of a headwind as we go forward. And things like R&D costs, for example, I think that'll probably go up. And then, of course, in the second quarter, that's where we would expect to see the vast majority of the impacts from the disaster in Japan. So that's having a little bit of a negative on the rest of the year, particularly in the second quarter as well.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, I think it would be in the segments. Material cost would be in the segment. The impact from Japan would be in the segments. So yes, it would be most likely in the segments.
Mike DeWalt: That's a little bit of a hard question to answer, partly because some of the ramp-up issues that one would have, particularly in the short-term, aren't necessarily capacity driven. I'll just give you an example. If you look at big diesel engines, we're definitely not at capacity. We're off yet to do more, but there's a fairly long supply-chain on some of the big key components, and you can't change that production on a dime. So for that, we couldn't take up production rapidly within a month, but that doesn't mean that we're at capacity. For things like excavators and much of the large products, products like bulldozers, we're running pretty well flat out right now. We're actually doing better. I mean we've been able to get out more, I think, in both of those kind of product areas than we did last year. We got more investment going in place to try and get that up. So I don't know how to quantify it, because you'd have to look at it product by product and then figure out what that meant for the supply chain to get it back to the number this year.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, I think it does reflect, again, for a lot of products, we are producing all we can today, again, the big product, lot of the big product, underground mining trucks, and excavators, which is our priority product. It also reflects fairly long lead times for some of the other products, and it also reflects Japan. And we expect the second quarter to be negative there. And a lot of that is in products that we effectively don't have capacity to make up later on in the year, again, like excavators, for example. So we do have increases built into the rest of the year in our sales outlook at the midpoint end or at the top end, but they are limited somewhat by our ability to produce. And I mentioned this in my lead in. Our sales forecast, if it weren't so much capacity constrained from a demand standpoint, could be higher.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, I won't. I mean I'm not going to go through the math, but I don't think it's quite that low. And remember, you need to deal with EMD in whatever calculations you're doing because that's adding to sales at least for the second and third quarter without adding much to the profit. And then remember, we've got Cat Japan in the second quarter. But I think there's no doubt, at least in my mind, that we have the most significant volume increase in the first quarter. And just on a quarterly basis, that gives you the most opportunity to, I think, to show really good incremental margins. In quarters where there's less volume increase, I think it's tougher. But I think that 10% number's pretty -- it's too low. I mean we're looking for about 25% for the year. We had 28% to 29% in the first quarter.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, we don't -- we're not. I mean, we don't -- we do profit per share, but I don't think that math works.
Mike DeWalt: I guess I would -- yes, I might just chime in here a little bit that in one metric that we watch, and that's working capital of sales, we're benchmarking the best in the capital goods industries. And that's our target here over time and granted, it's going to take maybe to 2015 to get there, but we're seeing a down payment on that. So I would just generally think about that in the best in capital goods as where we intend to be no later than 2015.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, you're right. Normally, season -- first quarter is a pretty seasonally low quarter for our sales. I'd think that, that trend is probably a little bit muted in situations where you're constrained on production. So I think, again, if there weren't any production constraint, there weren't any capacity issues, I think our sales number, as we said, would have been higher and you might have seen more of a seasonal pattern. But I think, probably, because of production constraints on excavators in large products, our expectation is the seasonal variation won't be quite so much. And it is early in the year, there's a lot you don't know, and we do expect that material cost will go up somewhat from here. We expect -- you're right, year-over-year, R&D was up. But if you look at it sequentially, as we go throughout the year, it's going to go up from the first quarter as it did last year.
Douglas Oberhelman: Yes, I'll just add to that, Mike. It's Doug Oberhelman here, and I'm not going to put a timeframe on it either. But if you really look at what's happening in the U.S., it's a very slow recovery from very low numbers for us, which means all that is in front of us. Rental fleet rebuild, customer aging fleet rebuild, and in construction activity. So Mike is exactly right. We're in a very good position in this recovery, where we can really get our factories an order. We can apply our CPS, Cat Production System disciplines to get this going, so that when the Construction activity rebounds in the developed world, call it the U.S. and certainly, Western Europe, we're going to be ready, but I don't know. The economists on the call would have a lot better view of when that's going to happen than I am, but that day is coming.
Douglas Oberhelman: Doug Oberhelman here, Rob. We are only going to comment on Bucyrus today about the closing that we still expect in mid-2011, but I will tell you the factory that you've referred to in Texas has nothing to do with the Mining business. That's a construction excavator plant, only -- call it 25 to 35-ton machines, unrelated entirely to Bucyrus. And that's just about as far as we'll go -- that is as far as we'll go today with Bucyrus. Everybody's working hard to get it closed. We expect in 2011 to get it done.
Douglas Oberhelman: Yes. I think that's -- I mean that's where most of it is. There's not a lot of Mining inventory, so that's a pretty easy one to say yes to. I think geographically -- well, I'll just start off, the $800 million that were already up in the first quarter, our expectation is that we'll probably not going to end the year a lot higher than that, somewhat higher, but not a lot higher than that. So I wouldn't expect big changes from the end of the first quarter by the time we get to year end. Now there might be some up and down during the year. Again, the second quarter is usually a big quarter for sales to users in terms of actual volumes until it's not unusual for dealers to take a little bit, take inventory down a little bit in the second quarter. But I don't think for the full year -- at least, our view is it won't be a lot higher than what we ended in the first quarter.
Douglas Oberhelman: I'm not sure -- Doug Oberhelman here, I got your back end of that question vis-a-vis Engines, but what I will tell you is that we have the entire leadership team of the company, and we communicate with employees constantly on this idea of incremental margins and profit pull through. It's a big deal inside our company, and it's a motivator to many. The segmentation presentation that we provided this quarter is what our fleeters use internally as well. That's the document we all are motivated by. What you see is what we see, and how we manage. Now having said that, Mike is exactly right. The 25% incremental margin we want for the rest of the year in our outlook is what we expect to deliver, and that's one of the better years in the last many in terms of year-over-year improvement, which we're pretty happy with. But it's something that is a key core metrics of ours internally. The executive office, that is all the Group Presidents and myself, look at this continually, and that's how we do our business planning and so on and will into the future. Because the history of '06, '07, '08 is still pretty fresh and the success we had, I think, your point on the engine businesses is the one we modeled the machine business after, and we're seeing that here in the last couple of quarters as well. Certainly, the first quarter is very rewarding to that.
Douglas Oberhelman: Dave, I'm going to let Ed answer that. But you're seeing the increasing number of numbers before in front of your eyes, and this is one of them. And we like that part, and that's where we're headed as we talked to all of you last year, that we're going to be in territory here the next couple of years where we've never been before, and we're starting to see the results.
Douglas Oberhelman: Well, I'm really focused on 2012 and '15. I would expect the Group Presidents in charge in those businesses, in this case, Rich Lavin and Steve Wunning, to use those, and they are as our top-tier metrics, and that's a question that they would have for their teams. I know they're concentrating highly on it, but in terms of quarter-to-quarter stuff, there's so much, so many variables and change. I'm really trying to get us to '12 and '15 in a big way, and they handle the day-to-day quarterlies and everything in their business, Ann. That's the way I look at it.
Douglas Oberhelman: I'll comment here and you're right, this is a tough one to talk about. This will profoundly change the country of Japan for decades. It will profoundly change the way that industry is viewed inside Japan for a long time as well. And well, there will be rebutted opportunities down the road and certainly, we've seen power as we would typically do after a disaster of this kind lead the way. It's hard for us to really talk about that. We're still making sure our supply chain is right. We were so fortunate that our own Japanese employees and facilities were not hurt but having said that, everyone of our Japanese families have either a relative, friend or something that has been touched very deeply with this. So we're not pushing it too hard. I'm going to shy away from that answer, and accept that, generally, and in all of the disasters, that's the kind of the flow in which we've seen recoveries.
Douglas Oberhelman: And Jamie, I'll cover Tier 4. I'd say at this point in time, it's in the early innings, but I'd say we're cautiously optimistic. If you think back to when we first got into it, a lot of people were talking about Tier 4 being a sacrifice on fuel economy. I think almost across the board, our Tier 4 machines are actually going to act -- offer improved fuel economy. There was a lot of fear about the need for operator intervention. We've almost completely removed that from the equation, so any customer feedback from that has been positive. I think the team's done a good job of using technology in terms of getting immediate feedback back in terms of any issues in the product development cycle, and we've leveraged our supply base in a number of areas across the platforms of our machines. So I'd say early days, but much more confident in terms of where we're at in Tier 4 versus where we're at with Tier 3.
Douglas Oberhelman: Yes, I'll be happy to take that one, Rob. It's Doug Oberhelman here. Generally, across the board, on internal metrics that we use, those that you mentioned and others, but the biggest one is the external metrics, and that's the incremental profit pull through, which in my mind, is the culmination of all those things that have to happen internally. We are seeing vast improvements from '06, '07, '08 and '09. Now having said that, we are running -- more and more of our plants had capacity. As we go up that chain, we're working through those. We have a far different, and I'm going to say, far better global purchasing and supply chain management team around the globe that learned from the prior experience, and put in processes that have changed. So without question, our CPS metrics are better. Every single metric that we would use, you would see on our -- inside our factories as you go through that we put up on our metric boards, and they were, say, 3, 4, 5 years ago. We're not where we want to be. Our goals are still down the road for us from where we want to be, but we're getting there. And I think I've often said that it's probably going to be late '11, '12 before we really see a lot of those internal metrics get to the goals that we wanted as we continue to do investments to make the changes that we have to, to get them where we want to be. So there's some of that improvement in front of us, but there's no question we are moving up the scale operationally and internally. And I'm very, very pleased with our team on that.
Edward Rapp: Henry, this is Ed. The only thing I'd add is that if left to their own devices, dealers would want to take that inventory level up. But in a lot of cases, we're allocating product, and moving more of that inventory into the PVCs and then to the lane configurations, and it's a real effort to make sure we have the right product in the right places, very different than the way we managed the upturn last time around.
Edward Rapp: Yes, Jerry, this is Ed. If you look at Lane performance in the first quarter, like 70% of the volume went out within 10 days, and so we're seeing good performance in that area. As I said earlier, dealers would take more inventory, but we continue to turn it into Lane to make sure we have the right product in the right place. In fact, we actually increased Lane inventory during the quarter. As we continue to this commitment that we made and this ramp-up of making sure we have the right product in the right place. There's more build out of the PDCs to come in the second quarter, and we've got products diverted into the lanes to make sure we have good product visibility, and we can maximize those end user sales. And I think you're seeing the benefits of that with the rolling 3-month data we've been providing on end-user sales. I think the Lane strategy is moving ahead. There's strong demand, puts that under pressure, but we remain committed to it. It's one of the things that's going to help us manage this upturn far better than we did the last  one.
Edward Rapp: Yes, and David, it ties into a number of things. One, when we rolled out the strategy, we've talked a lot about the balance and the focus on the P&L and also on cash flow, and moving it to the top-tier metric. And as we really driven this and cascaded it down into the organization, I'd say, number one, we're getting good traction on that. Secondly, we talked about our desire to minimize the need for equity related to Bucyrus, and we've got the organization clearly focused on what it has -- what we collectively have to do as a group to make that happen. And in fact, if you look at that, you'll measure it from a debt cap perspective. We finished the first quarter with the strongest balance sheet we've had in more than 20 years. So I think you're seeing the traction come from the deployment of strategy, the focus on cash flow, and really driving it down through the organization. It came through with good numbers in the first quarter. And if you think about the opportunities that we have ahead of us in terms of the industries we serve, the capacity increases we've talked about, we've got the organization clearly understanding that generating strong cash flow is where we're going to find that growth going forward.
Edward Rapp: David, we've historically not given guidance on that. What I would say is that based on what we clearly articulated, relative to the top tier metrics, we rolled out the strategy, the balance of our focus, zero equity in terms of the target, if you would, on Bucyrus, we're going be all over cash flow.
David Raso: ISI. A quick question on the rest of the year implied guidance. Essentially, it looks like your implying incremental margins of only 10% year-over-year for the rest of the year. Can you give us a little more granularity on what -- I mean what sort of -- roughly some of the cost issues, but it just seems like a very low incremental margin for the rest of the year, can you...
David Raso: I definitely appreciate that, but the math is implying equipment company EBITs around $5.9 billion for the year.
David Raso: Okay. We'll talk offline. And then on the cash flow, I saw something I don't think I've ever seen Cat do. On the equipment company, first quarter, working capital, actually a source of fund. Now that hasn't happened since '98. And '98 was even an anomaly, because that's when you were first selling receivables in the equipment company over Cat Financial. So maybe it's never happened for at least my data. Obviously, very impressive. Can you give us some thoughts on how you're viewing cash flow for the year on equipment comp -- again, it's a unique start to the year to have working capital as a source of fund.
