Jim Umpleby: Thank you, Amy. Good morning. First, I’d like to thank our team for delivering strong results throughout 2017. After four challenging years, many of our end markets improved and our team capitalized on the opportunity and achieved excellent results. As demand improved during the year, we stayed disciplined and maintained control of our structural costs. In addition to responding to the increase in volume and delivering strong financial results, we developed and began to implement our new strategy to deliver profitable growth by focusing on operational excellence, expanded offerings and services. Economic indicators are positive at the moment and we expect a strong start to 2018. Our focus on operational excellence will not waver as we work to develop a more competitive and flexible cost structure, including implementing lean manufacturing principles. We are positioned to capitalize on continued sales momentum or quickly adjust should conditions change. We also plan to profitably grow the company by investing in expanded offerings and services, the two additional major focus areas in our strategy. Let me give you some examples of the progress we’ve made thus far. In 2017, we introduced our first model of our next-generation of excavators. This is our first major excavator redesign in 25 years and just one example of our focus on expanded offerings to provide a range of products to better serve the diverse needs of our customers. We also increased our focus on services, including the aftermarket support in digital enabled solutions. We continue to grow our connected asset population and recently acquired two rail service companies. We are in the early stages of implementing our strategy for profitable growth. In 2018, we expect to make additional investments in the expanded offerings and services that are important for Caterpillar’s long term success and we’ll use their operating and execution model to bias resources to areas that represent the greatest opportunity for return on our investments. I couldn’t be more proud of what our team accomplished in 2017 and I’m looking forward to the opportunities ahead. With that, I’ll turn it over to Brad.
Jim Umpleby: And Andy, this is Jim. I can just add, just expand upon on some of Amy’s comments. We’re really trying to focus on the long term here, and we are focused on improving margins overtime to achieve our long-term profitable growth objectives. So there will be less emphasis on short-term incremental margins, and more emphasis on the long-term. Having said that, we do expect improved operating margins in all three segments in 2018 compared to 2017 on an annual basis.
Jim Umpleby: Good morning, this is Jim. I’ll take that one. As we look at our operating execution model and operational excellence, there is really a number of elements that we are focused on. In terms of operational excellence, it’s safety, quality and lean, so we are very much focused on getting more production out of existing bricks and mortar. We talked about that a bit at investor day. So we don’t anticipate investing in new factories, what we are really doing is meeting the increased demand through lean manufacturing advances and also frankly, we have plenty of bricks and mortar. And so we did talk about an operating range for all three segments at investor day. We are very still committed to meeting those ranges based upon the revenue levels that we stated at the time. There will be fluctuations over time and we are not just focused on increasing margins although we are committed to meeting those targets. We also want to grow the business, and so we’ll be investing to grow the business while staying within those ranges.
Jim Umpleby: We really can’t comment on this. I’m sure you can imagine, it’s an ongoing discussion with the government. We are co-operating and we hope to get to a resolution in an expeditious manner.
Jim Umpleby: Ann, this is Jim, I’ll start then I’ll hand it over to Amy or Brad. Again consistent what we talked about it at investor day we’re moving away from providing sales forecast and we try to grow the company profitably over the long haul. And we believe that that providing an EPS range is an appropriate way to go. Why don't you take it from there, Amy, and I'll jump back in.
Jim Umpleby: Hello. Steve, this is Jim. So as I mentioned earlier, we believe we have plenty of internal manufacturing capacity, but as is the case with previous ramp ups, we are dealing with some constraints with our suppliers and we’re working through one by one. There isn’t one big issues, it’s kind of across the board and we’re working with our suppliers to break our way through those. We do feel confident that supplier constraints will not be an issue that would prevent us from achieving the EPS range which we put out this morning.
Jim Umpleby: And this is Jim, maybe just to add some color to that. Traditionally, we thought about growth at Caterpillar, investing in R&D and investing in capital in terms of building new factories. That's been really the portion as we expand our horizons here and really push toward services. We’ll be investing through the P&L as well. It won’t be just be capital to try to grow, so it's particularly important as we look at enhancing our digital capabilities and doing other things there as well. Again we’ll be investing through the P&L growth.
Jim Umpleby: Well, it is really – again, this is long-term game so we’re focus on long-term profitable growth and as you heard us talk about before really comes down to us having a more detailed granular understanding of byproduct, by application, by market where we get the best return on invested capital and we’re biasing our resources to those areas that represent the best opportunity for future profitable growth where we’ll get the best returns. And so, I think difficult for you to see – for us to predict in 2018, which you’ll see it’s a long-term game, but again their focus on services as I mentioned is very important and we’re invest in but it is up against the long haul.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. I don’t think it would be appropriate for us to give you -- quantify the number of suppliers, but again I'll just repeat that that we’re confident that we’ll be able to work with our suppliers to get within the EPS range that we provided. This is not something, it’s unusual we've gone to this in the past and it won’t be a major problem for us.
Jim Umpleby: I’m not going to quantify, but it certainly, if its more demand out there, we’ll do our best to work with our suppliers to satisfy that incremental demand.
Jim Umpleby: This is Jim. I’ll take that one. So as we mentioned earlier onshore North American oil and gas has been quite strong, it was quite strong in 2017. We expect that strength to continue. Drillings relatively slow but well servicing is certainly and gas compression is quite strong for us. As we also mentioned there’s a good backlog for solar for midstream gas compression. As we look around the world in terms of offshore oil and gas that's still fairly depressed and we don’t see a major increase in that business in 2018. So offshore drilling and offshore solar turbines applications will be relatively muted again in 2018.
Jim Umpleby: And just to add. This is Jim. Certainly mix has an impact here. So the mix issue between parts in OE, so as OE starts to improve that can have a mix impact and there are certainly impact among different products within OE. So mix is certainly a big part of it particularly when you're dealing with lower levels. Its easier to, I think it have a larger shift due to mix.
Jim Umpleby: Well, it still a relatively low-levels, but it's improving. So I’d said, we’ve seen an improvement and it is broadening out as well geographically as I mentioned earlier.
Amy Campbell: Thank you Brad. Before we begin the Q&A portion of the call, I just want to take a minute to announce a slight change in the release of retail staff. So we will continue in the month when there is not a nine and of the quarterly release we are going to move the release of retail staffs from before the market opens until after the market opens the day before the release. So in the month of the release retail stats will be released after the market closes the day before the release. So with that Kate, I’ll move it back to you to begin the Q&A portion of the call.
Amy Campbell: Sure, Andy. I think a couple of things. If we step back, keep in mind that we are playing operating margins over the long term and not quarter to quarter. There were a couple of things in the quarter that did drive segment margins down. I think if you look at ENT margins they were actually up, so I’ll talk through CI and resource industry that the consolidated level, the biggest driver was period cost absorbed. So if you look at cat inventory growth through 2017, we saw inventory grow through the first three quarters and then actually come down in the fourth quarter largely driven by turbine and rail shipments, but also in the other segments as well. So from a sequential perspective, there was less favorable cost absorption into inventory as inventory came down slightly in the quarter versus growing in the three quarters prior to that. And for resource industries, I mean Brad talked about this in the script. For the first quarter we really saw a significant increase in new equipment sales, which had a slight impact on margin, still very good margin, strong margins for the year the second highest quarter for the full year, but that did drive some of the sequential erosion and margins for resource industry.
Amy Campbell: Yes. I think if you look at the range of adjusted PPS that was provided Ann, and I think we were pretty clear about this. Clearly the biggest driver in profit growth is sales volume and so that’s going to have the biggest impact on the sales range, and so your sales assumption will drive you – is a key component of driving you to different parts of that range, there’s also lots of other variables around cost, price, material cost that could push you a different part in the range as well, but the volume is clearly the most significant driver of growth. I would say its not supply constraints, while we talk about the supply constraints and we continue to ramp suppliers and get production up, in the adjusted profit guidance that we provided supplier constraints are not any issue and we don’t expect them to be an issue I should say. I will step back and say though, if you look at the overall performance we expect operating margins for the consolidated company, and for all three segments to improve from where we ended 2017 and we’re looking as – Jim talked about the long game not quarter over quarter pulled throughs, but long-term margin performance. And for Cat, that actually put the operating margin in the range as we provided at Investor Day at lower volume. And so I think that's really reflective of strong performance delivering on the profitable growth that we’re committed to.
Amy Campbell: We haven’t provided incremental margin guidance, David. If you step back and I think repeat what I just said to Ann. Its strong operating performance overall, it’s an improvement in operating margin for the company that puts the company operating margin in the ranges that we provided at Investor Day and shows improvement for all three segments in the 2018. And for construction industries, they actually ended the year at the top into that range, so they’re showing a little bit of improvement on top of that.
Amy Campbell: I think what I can say is that we expect them to continue deliver strong performance early in the cycle, the pull-through are strong and you see if you look through a quarter over quarter pull-through, they do start to slow down which makes a lot of sense as you bring production back on line. We are committed to investing in growth through the P&L next year. But we still expect and know strong performance and to continue to deliver good returns, good operational margin increases on the sales growth.
Amy Campbell: So, I think it’s clear, I’m not going to answer that question directly. Incrementals for the full year of 2017 were 40%, that's pretty high. It is -- 2018 is largely a year of sales growth, that’s clearly the biggest driver and the profit per share growth. And even with a nice, steep tailwinds we are looking at investing in the business, investing through the P&L, growing our digital and online offerings, investing in products, and so I don’t have an exact answer for you David, but…
Amy Campbell: Yes. So dealer inventory, we have been pretty transparent into the year lean and dealers we would expect they would typically grow dealer inventory in the first quarter to get ready for the spring selling season. We’ll see if it happens again this year. If you look broadly at the dealer inventory composition, I’d say in total we’re pretty comfortable with it, but there are a few regions most notably China where dealer inventories are low. And so we would expect in a few regions for there likely to be some but not that much material dealer inventory growth in 2018.
Amy Campbell: Yes. So for mix, I’ll start there. So, if you look at it, there are lots of puts and takes for 2018 guidance, really they largely met out and it is a sales story. For mix particularly it’s really not very meaningful and probably slightly unfavorable as we see for resource industries move to a larger percentage of their sales base being new equipment as opposed to aftermarket parts. So there’s just a shift in that sales, but overall and even for resource industries it’s a fairly small negative. In terms of share repurchase I think we just put that in there to be clear that in accordance of historical practice we don’t assume share buyback and I think given the changes in U.S. tax reform and a lot of discussion we just wanted to clear on what our guidance is. We don’t usually state that but that how we always put the outlook together at the beginning of the year.
Amy Campbell: Yes. So, yes, I’d say, we are more confident on the Chinese construction market than we were a quarter ago. We’ve continue to see that market remain very strong. If you – we are forecasting industry growth for the 10-ton-and-above excavator which are the numbers we normally cite, to be up about 8% next year in the outlook. We were not there just a quarter ago, so I think that's reflective of continued – seen continued strength in the Chinese economy. I will say, if you look at the 2017 sales cadence, it did not follow historical norms. We saw continued acceleration in the industry as the year progressed. And what we highlighted in the release and in Brad’s comments is we don't expect to repeat, so we would expect China to revert back to more normal sales patterns with 60% to 65% of sales in the first half of the year and then for that to slow down considerably in the back half of the year. I will be ready if that's not the case, but that’s currently our assumption. We do think that the Chinese market is currently above normal replacement demand and will slow at some point. But our current read on the market that it’s going to remains strongly at least through the first half of the year. Is that answers your question, sir.
Amy Campbell: North America infrastructure. So we’ve had FAST Act. That's been in play for several years now. We didn’t see really much impact to that in 2017, but our channel check, look like that we’re going to start to see some of that spending that was approved at the state and local level start to come through and drive some infrastructure growth in 2018.
Amy Campbell: Steve, I see over the last several years spend kind of $1 billion to $1.3 billion in CapEx. In 2017 it came in a little bit below $1 billion, so some of that is, we spend a little less than we anticipated. In 2017 we thought we’d spend closer to $1 billion, $1.2 billion. What’s driving that, a lot of that is maintaining the capital, the machines and the facilities that we have. There are capital demands as we restructure and consolidate facilities to put lines in and so moving production from one facility to another. Those are the largest drivers of the capital increases in 2018.
Amy Campbell: So, Mig, I’ll start with where we had normalized demand. I think we are trying to get our way from calling the cycles. North America sales were in 2017 and we expect them to be up again in 2018, so we’re at – were healthy sales levels, where exactly that is in the cycle and if we’re going to pull from trying to predict that. I would say, exactly where we’re going to see the strength in 2018. I don’t have that broken out between residential, non-residential infrastructure. We do see strong demand signals across all three. I’ll say that infrastructure has disappointed us the last couple of years. Hopefully it don’t this year, we’ll see how the year plays out. But there certainly the need and there certainly the funding out there to fund infrastructure growth, another areas of strength in construction industries as pipeline build out and so we’re seeing which requires a lot of heavy equipment, construction equipment even some apply to small end of resource industries equipment. So as pipelines are getting build out in support of the oil and gas activity and there’s been a lot of pipelines approved in the last year, that’s certainly a key areas of growth as well and an area where we’ve seen really good business.
Amy Campbell: Well, the cause in lumpiness probably has a lot to do with the sales changes, although we did see a sales growth in the fourth quarter. We talked about a little bit of negative mix there as they moved to a higher percentage of their sales being new equipment as opposed to aftermarket. We also talked about in the third quarter and we saw this translates that they – we had pick up and R&D spend for some product programs. We also typically see and you talk about this fourth quarter seasonal cost heaviness as everyone tries to get all their cost out in the quarters. So at those sales levels I think there is just some lumpiness to the margins. New equipment sales are still really low versus historical standard. We’re managing margin, I’d say to the full year and not to the quarter and that’s really where we’re focused at. We expect RI to continue to see operating margin growth in 2018 in line with progressing towards achieving the margin numbers they put out for Investor Day.
