Mike DeWalt: No, we did have about a 150 million of swap losses, but that was in the second quarter, that’s behind us.Stephen Volkmann – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. So nothing else going forward. Thanks very much.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, that’s a good question and I don’t normally talk about, how things progressed through the quarter, but with all the uncertainty we were trying to send a settle signal there that there we had good consistent growth as we went through the quarter.Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners, LLC.: Okay. Helpful.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. You know, I think if you look at China, and again, we don’t disclose market share data, but there is plenty of information that people can pick up. There is no big leaders in China; it’s a very big market, a very fragmented market. We’re executing our strategy there. There is room for quite a bit of growth. We’ve actually done over the last, I don’t know, few months. We’ve done better than the market overall. Earlier we kept saying, time and time again our sales were limited by production, and I think, what’s happened to us relative to the market over the last few months has proved that out. It’s hard to speculate too much about the future, it’s a big market, it’s a growing market, it’s going to need more capacity not just from us, but from competitors going forward, but you know there is always ups and downs in the timing. So, you know I think we are doing okay. We are proceeding with the capacity that we’ve already announced there and that fits nicely within our plans.Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners, LLC.: (Inaudible).
Mike DeWalt: Well, Andy this is, Mike. I think you’re right. I mean, particularly with the acquisition of Bucyrus with the relative strength of mining, which is a more sort of backlog-oriented business then, let’s say construction equipment. You know kind of just going back to the earlier comments from today, from the end of June to the end of September our backlog even without Bucyrus went up 11%. Bucyrus went up a little bit more than that we were up about 40% versus a year ago on backlog, so that does help. You mentioned aftermarket, again, we don’t break that out separately, but you know we’ve had continuing consistent increases in the aftermarket business, which basically tells you a couple of things you know, on one hand it tells you that activity levels are holding up, because now aftermarket is related to activity levels and that gives you some confidence and then, I think there is also an impact particularly in the developed world where we just have a little bit of an aging fleet and I think that gives you a little confidence in terms of the need for at least some minimal replacement.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, well I would say in general, mining is just continuing to be very strong, and I would certainly hope that customers are happier than it’s with us right now, but it would be hard to look at that and say this one is, and this one is not. It probably has something to do with being part of CAT, but probably more to do with being just a really good market. In terms of the integration…
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, in the developing world there is enough economic growth that fleet sizes are going up, construction spending is going up. So I think outside – in the developing world, real construction spending should be a positive. In the developed world, it’s mostly replacements.Ted Grace – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay, that’s helpful.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. I mean, I think this is Mike. If you look at Cat Financial, I think their results have been quite consistent I think in the second quarter, I think they lowered their allowance reserve and there was a little benefit in there from that. I don’t think that was as much as in the third quarter, but I think relatively speaking their, kind of underlying operating performance pretty similar. It’s been actually good, I mean past dues are improving, kind of down just over 3.5% now Cat Finanicals have been doing a pretty good job.Ted Grace – Susquehanna Financial Group:  Got it. Best of luck this quarter guys. Thanks a lot.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah this is Mike, I think one of things that’s going on with EMD right now is they are kind of caught between two worlds, what they are shipping and selling right now, is still at a pretty depressed level, their expectations for ‘012, ‘013 and ‘014 are much better, they are worried about capacity. The result of that is they’ve added a fairly sizable new facility in Monsey, Indiana. They’ve actually been getting that ready, so it’s been quite a bit a cost I think related primarily to Monsey to a lesser degree, some capacity expansion done in Brazil. So, I think it’s a case where they’re seeing a strengthening order backlog and they are trying to get capacity in place to do that. And that’s causing something right now.Robert F. McCarthy – Robert W. Baird & Co:  Solid investments, spending in everywhere.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah.Robert F. McCarthy – Robert W. Baird & Co:  And when you were talking about the Bucyrus service centre transactions and when we might see that, we’re even tending for us to come away not expecting any of those transactions to be announced before the end of the year.
Mike DeWalt: No, I think we’d love to get, we’d love to get some of them done this year, all I was trying to leave you with this. We never – we never intended that they would all be done this year. Then we are focusing on the really big ones first. But yeah we’d love to get a couple done this year.Robert F. McCarthy – Robert W. Baird & Co:  Okay, all right. Thank you.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, well in a lot of ways Europe is similar to US, you know the economic indicators has not been most robust, but much of our business in the developed world, again it’s replacement oriented, most of what we sell in the US and Europe in any given year was largely forward replacements, and so that’s driving that business. There are sales; we don’t break it out separately, but we show Europe, Africa, and Middle East; and I think excluding Bucyrus region was up 41%. Of course the AME part of it, the Africa and Middle East part was up more than Europe, but Europe is behaving in a lot of ways similar to the US, up on replacements and at some point down the road, it’s certainly not in our expectations for ‘12 but maybe beyond that these economies will grow more, or will get some housing start, some commercial construction and then we will have real growth, it will drive the next way.Henry Kirn – UBS Investment Bank: Thanks a lot. Good quarter.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, this is Mike and this is certainly no change in direction. We would expect that this year would be somewhere in the ballpark of 1% and in fact that’s roughly what we had in this quarter. We’re driving the company to get margin improvement and incremental margins, like we have this year, without doing it on the back of high price. We’re trying to drive the CAT business model, modest price increases, let’s say kind of inline with our cost inflation and then drive incrementals through efficiency. We’ve done a pretty good of doing that so far this year. I think if you look forward, I don’t see us, again, we don’t have any profit guidance for next year, but what I just described was kind of an essence what Doug strategy is, and so I don’t see that dramatically changing. The price increases that we announced for machines for next year, the vast majority were between zero and three, which it’s fairly consistent with this year. So, I would say, at least in terms of price we didn’t give you an average total all in weighted average expectation for next year, but our strategy is modest increases, drive efficiency and get margin through that. And I’d probably wouldn’t see that changing.David Raso – ISI Group Inc.: :
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, Dave, when you are talking gross margin drag you have to be a little bit careful because we do our analysis on a period and variable basis. So when you are looking at gross margin, that does include period costs, and so I think, when you’re looking at our gross margin performance, I think if you were to take out the acquisitions and the impact of currency, you would see our gross margin not being negative, but being actually better year-over-year. So, I think as you look forward, again our goal on period manufacturing cost is to keep the growth rate in period manufacturing costs, which is the biggest contributor to the 340 to keep it at less than half a rate of sales growth, and if we do that, that helps increase gross margin.David Raso – ISI Group Inc.: Okay, I will follow up with you. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Mike DeWalt: Hey, Seth.Seth Weber – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Hey. I just wanted to drill down a little bit. There is a comment in the release about some unfavorable pricing or unfavorable mix in the construction equipment business. I guess, two parts, is that a regional issue, I mean does that reflect some aggressive pricing in China and I guess should that get better next year if the US and the developed markets start to improve.
Mike DeWalt: When you say fully booked in mining business, I would say, for the most part we’re—based on what we see right now will be capacity constrained on most products during the year, but it’s hard to say everything all year long. I mean, if you are a mining customer, you might need a 320 excavator to do some clean up around a pile, so that would be mining, but it's not a mining product per se. So, for the most part, I think the answer is, we’re pretty well sold out, but it’s probably not a 100% on everything.Seth Weber – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. But fair to say you are not getting any request for delivery push outs or cancellations or anything like that.
Mike DeWalt: No, it continues to be a very strong business. The customers seem to have quite a bit of conviction.Seth Weber – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Great, thanks very much guys.
Mike DeWalt: Well, we didn’t exactly say it's what dealers would like to see them what we said was, they’re kind of back to a historical average. So yeah, and it’s actually I looked at the numbers kind of by region and it’s some of them maybe are little over and some that are still maybe a little under, but surprisingly, all four major regions of the world are fairly close to historical averages right now. During the quarter, if you look at dealer inventory, we had more of a gain in inventory in Asia, but in a lot of ways that’s not surprising. Once we had kind of enough supply to more closely match demand, it had been the region that it had been further under. So yeah, it doesn’t like there are any out wires if you will. I mean you don’t have one region that’s 40% higher and one region that’s 40% lower there is some reasonable consistency.
Mike DeWalt: Well, two things Eli, bring up a good point, you know what a customer sees in terms of price is a lot higher than what we’re reporting as price realization, because you have things like Tier 4, where there is actually added content and when we look at like the Tier 4 or Stage IIIB, where the actual content of product changes we’re netting off the cost, but there was no big windfall, no big drag in 2011. I mean, the price increases on average I’m sure it vary by model, but overall you know Tier 4 has more than recovered its cost this year.
Mike DeWalt: I'll start with the first one on mix. I can’t think of anything that’s on top of my head here that's, that's way out of line. I think our view as we look into next year is that mining will continue to improve, construction will continue to improve its fairly broad-based. I'm sure when it's all settled down there’ll be some mix impact, but kind of given the level of sales change that we're talking about and the idea that is actually fairly broad-based – it'll be hard to see huge mix shifts in that. And in terms of the backlog, when you go back at this point in time in 2008, there was a situation and actually from here on in 2000, there was a situation where dealers kind of stopped ordering and it made you question the backlog and I think we did the right thing by opening up the order book back then to let it be cleared out. We don't have that situation now. Dealers are ordering more. I mean, as you’d go throughout the third quarter, dealers ordered more from us than we sold to them in the third quarter and consistently in the third quarter. So, you never know what's going to happen down the road. We don't have a crystal ball, but it's been pretty good solid consistent growth.
Mike DeWalt: I think we are at the top of the hour now, so we’ll stop here. Thank you all for joining us on the call today, and we’ll talk to you again in three months.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Yeah, it’s Doug Oberhelman, here, just kind of another view on China from a couple of different angles. First, our sales to users in the third quarter of ‘011 were higher than they were in ’10. Secondly, the slowdown we have seen in the economy as the Chinese authorities have tried to get a hold of inflation, in my view is the best thing it could have happened to the construction equipment industry. The levels of investment, the levels of growth that were occurring there before they did that were unsustainable for Caterpillar, for our competitors, for our industry, and it would have lead to a bubble really significant proportions, which I think would have been felt around the world. The fact they got a hold of that early which is no surprise given Chinese history, they have proven they can’t run that economy ground is getting bigger, but the fact they got a hold of that in our industry has slowed down is extremely healthy for us in the long term. The good news is our excavator business, the [Xuzhou] made products there is a world-class product that we can use just about anywhere in the world. So we have the ability to divert some of that reduction elsewhere in the world where we can keep up until we get our other investments up like in Texas, which we have started our new plant there over 20 to 30 ton product and it is underway. So right now, it’s kind of a sweet spot in my opinion, because we’ve saved the future to a great degree by not having that thing boiling out of control and spilling all over. And in fact, I think we’ll see the Chinese authorities get a hold of inflation, reflate believe or not, we’ll see 9% I don’t know late 10%, 11% growth, which is wonderful for us. In long-term it really plays to what our strategy is. So, I am in the camp loud and clear supporting the slowdown in China and in our, industry because long-term it helps and it adds then as Mike said, we refer to an inventory level in China, we wouldn’t been able to produce to until probably 13 or 14. So we are at that level a day our dealers are ready, our distribution are ready and we are seeing market share gains, which we like. But as he said, there is no clear leader yet because it’s such a disparate excavator business, and wheel loader business, but right now, I’m pretty optimistic what – with where that market has involved to and what I think will be a reasonable growth certainly at a lower level than 15% to 20% that we were seeing, but 8%, 9% and 10% is great going forward in my opinion.Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners, LLC.:  Thanks, Doug. Thanks Mike.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Yeah, I – it’s never a sure thing. I mean, you know as you look forward to next year there are (many) things that could happen, but I think as we sit here right now today, when you look at aftermarket which is an indicator of activity, if you look at the backlog, which is an indicator sort of customer confidence I guess, it looks pretty good.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Think to give you a feel for, we used dealer rental fleets in the US as kind of a proxy of where customer fleets are. And if you look at dealer rental fleets today, there is still levels down in the area of the last trough the’02, ’03 timeframe. And on average that equipment is 30% over. And so there is a really good pent up replacement demand that is yet to play out. And then it’s one of the reasons we’re continuing to make some of the investments in capital that we’re making.Ted Grace – Susquehanna Financial Group: Great. And then a real quick follow-up. Cap financial in the quarter you had a $145 million of profits on revenue of $693 million, 21% margin, in the second quarter it was like $172 million and $695 million, 25% margin. Another earning assets were down about 1.5% sequentially, but could you just walk us through the other dynamics on the sequential basis would have reduced operating profits.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: It’s Doug here. On a broader view of this, I think that quarterly and certainly the year-to-date ’11 over ’10 and now the outlook that we’ve put out for ’11 over ’10 or right where we wanted to be in terms of our strategic alignment in 2012 and 2015. And we have always said you know that our goal here is a 25% pull through overtime and we’ve hit that in some quarters and some quarters we haven’t but we’re pretty done close year-to-date 2011 over ’10. And that’s exactly what we expect going forward in terms of the strategic gearing of the company we’re still going through that. Market share is the driver balanced with profits at a 25% pull through with our goals out in 2015 and I absolutely believe if we dissect the numbers or not, the third quarter and year-to-date put us right on track where we want to be and I – we’re off, as a management team pretty happy with the progress on that. Long ways to go, we’ve got lots of the capital investments to make, but there are seven million people on the planet that want to live like that most developed countries do and that’s driving the needs for a lot of infrastructure, our natural resources and so on and we are going to be in a position to take advantage of that and that’s part of the balance we make in terms of market share versus profit overtime.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: I just want to add in here. We get questions almost daily our own employee’s, outsiders you name it, the situation seems like 2008 all over again. And, while it does in some cases on a macro level specific to the European banking situation it bares a little resemblance internally at Caterpillar II this time or even going back to mid 2008. You recall that when late ’08 hit DCP, our building construction products group around home building had been in a (inaudible) for over two years of that point in time. And as Mike said, dealer order rates were coming down all through 2008 and that’s one of the reasons we said, what we said in the fall of 2008 about a recession coming. We are not saying that today. I would love to say we see a boom coming, but we don’t see that. We see a slow growth recovery here that it should be a lot better than it is has been confounded by some policy missteps around the world in the last few months. Having said that, we do not hear anecdotally from customers or dealers that there is less work at this moment than there was a year ago. We heard that all through 2008 as their backlog shriveled and withered away, we do not hear that today and that’s one of the reasons we’ve talked about that in our outlook statement for the rest of 2011. We may hear it tomorrow, we may hear it next month, but right now, it’s very dissimilar to this period in 2008 and we’re looking for a slow growth recovery and this is exactly as we said in the outlook going on into 2012, which at this moment looks pretty good for our business.Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse Securities:  All right. Thanks, and I’ll get back in queue.
