Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So, overall, so let me start. Obviously, for the full year, price will exceed increases in manufacturing costs. As we look out in the second half of the year, we do expect price to moderate as we've consistently said. However, we are seeing some favorability in manufacturing costs as we saw in the second quarter and we expect that to continue. There will be a continued normalization, particularly in construction of the pricing environment as availability improves and across the industry as a whole. We expect price to be positive in Energy & Transportation in the second half. And that will offset any weakness that we may see in Construction Industries. So, overall, as I just pointed out in my comments, we do expect favorability in manufacturing costs and that will offset actually the volume decline that we expect impact on margins in the third quarter.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So let me start and help unpack that a little bit. So on the retail sales, two factors, obviously, retail sales in the quarter, one which was in North America. And most of that was actually rental fleet that does go into retail sales, but it actually is rental fleet loading by dealers. So that was most of that. And then Europe itself as well, which was still softer than we expect. Overall, our expectation now part of the reason why we've reduced our estimates for retail sales for the year is mostly due to that rental fleet loading. Our expectations are that although as Jim said, dealer rental revenue is still growing nicely, they will not load their fleet as much as we had originally expected at the beginning of the year, and that's relatively moderate. Overall on dealer inventory, as I said at the beginning of the year, as you know, dealer inventory is very complex, David. It's multiple segments, multiple business units, multiple dealers. And dealers are independent businesses. We expected the dealer inventory to be about flat for the year. We now expect a small reduction of machine dealer inventory, almost all of that will be in Resource Industries, which, as you know, is more a function of commissioning rather than anything else. And, overall, we expect to end the year with dealer inventory on the CI side about flattish and comfortably within the typical range that we talk about in three to four months.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. Just on the dealer inventory thing, just a reminder, obviously, from today to the end of the year, we expect a reduction in machine dealer inventory, as I talked about, which is in line with our normal seasonal trend. Overall, effectively, our assumption of flattish dealer inventory in CI and remaining within the typical range implies is based on our expectations of retail sales. And there's always a forward-looking retail sales expectation rather than a backward-looking retail sales expectation.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes, Mig. So absolutely will not be that sort of level of magnitude. We obviously see a normal element of competitive positioning, which obviously impacts pricing. Obviously, we don't expect list price changes. This will be really about customer-by-customer discussions. On the impact of used market, the used market obviously has had some impact, has seen some erosion of price. Actually, quite interestingly, where that impacts us more is around Cat Financial. And actually although used prices are coming down, they are still relatively high compared to historic levels, and inventories are very low. So we are not expecting that to impact us. The other area, obviously, does impact used prices would be around rental fleet. And obviously that and higher interest rates are having some impact on rental fleet loading as we talked about already in the call.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So obviously, as Jim mentioned, rental -- dealer rental revenue is actually increasing positively as we expected for the year and that's driven by the level of activity. Our assumption when we started the planning year was the dealer fleet loading would be a certain number. It is slightly less than that and that's why we have taken it down. It is more around the fact that they are not loading their fleets quite as quickly and they're managing their fleet. That's what they do. They're independent businesses. They make decisions around how much fleet, how they move the fleet out into the market as well. And remember also, when you talk about rental fleet, particularly around things like heavy rents, heavy rents are effectively a long -- actually almost a rent to buy. And often that market is dependent on the customer choice as well. So it's not just the dealer here. You also have the customer at the other end of that equation as well as to when the timing when they make their final purchase. So a lot of those things, so it's a little bit complex, and therefore, is not one size fits all. But generally, we're still very comfortable, as Jim said, with the opportunity in front of the dealers on the rental side, and we're very positive about the long-term outlook.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. Just again just contextualizing sort of from a size perspective because I think sometimes things seem a little bit bigger. Just to remind you, then in terms of CI, this is still a relatively small number, but it is what is driving some of that change in our outlook, which again is relatively modest. So just before people start worrying that it's a bigger element and a bigger number than it really is. Remember, OEM sales, about 40% of our revenues come from services across the business. Only about 60% is original equipment. And again that does vary by segment. And North America is not 100% of CI sales either.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So Angel, we obviously do not break down backlog by segment. So that's just a point. I would say to you, though, we did have a high level of orders in the second quarter in CI of 2023. Part of that was, if you remember, we did see a dealer inventory build in the third quarter. Some of that was ahead of an engine switchover. So it's not a -- it is down year-over-year, but that is partly because of the comparison we actually -- as a result of that change in the NPI last year, the new product introduction. Again, similarly, mix varies across the businesses. And obviously there are different parts of our business which are more profitable than others. And you did see -- we do see favorable product mix in CI. And obviously that does remain -- that is a function of what products are being sold and in what proportion. With regards to the backlog, I mean, the backlog for CI reflects availability. And as you know, availability now is pretty good. And that lies in about our 13 week time period, which we would consider to be about the norm of three months.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So Nicole, on Latin America, actually Brazil was strong, which is an important market for us and that was part of the reason for the strength. So that was good. And obviously, we'll keep an eye out and hope that, that continues as we go through the remainder of the year and looking forward. Europe, as we indicated, has been a problem. It's been a problem. I think most of our competitors have made similar comments as well. It does seem to be a little bit on the bottom. Obviously, it's depending what happens there, obviously, you've seen the ECB cut rates. There is, for example, today in the UK that we talked about construction -- actually growth in construction this last month. So hopefully, it is starting to pick up, but our assumption really is that it doesn't pick up that quickly for the remainder of the year.
James Umpleby: Well, thank you, Jamie, for your question. And then as you noted, we are adding capacity to increase our capability to build both large engines and part of those large engines. But it's a multiyear project and that project will take some time to play out. So it's not a 12-month program. It lasts longer than that, it takes some time. Having said that, the demand for large engines and for solar turbines for both oil and gas and power generation continues to be quite strong. So the margin increase that you saw is a reflection of higher volume, better price and also better mix as well quite frankly. So again, is there a potential for margin expansion over time in Energy & Transportation? There certainly is that possibility. Again, a lot of it will depend upon mix and again our ability to increase our capacity in large engines, which we're working very hard to do. But again, the good news is that, again, back to that power generation market is quite strong. And one of the things we're also bullish about that's possibly a bit farther out is just the opportunity for distributed generation. As more renewables are added to the grid, as there's more grid instability issues, it creates an opportunity for us, we believe, to sell both reciprocating engines and gas turbines and distributed power generation applications distributed throughout the grid. And we're very excited about that opportunity. One of the things also to keep in mind is we have a strong backlog. And the backlog increase that we reported today, of course, E&T was a big part of that. And that includes both solar turbines and our large engines.
James Umpleby: Certainly. We're willing to start with this is dealer rental income was actually up for the quarter. And dealers are independent businesses and of course make their own decisions about what kind of machines and how many machines they put into their rental fleets. And there's a whole variety of things they look at there. They think about interest rates, obviously, and they think about other aspects. But we are continuing to be bullish on what we see as an opportunity around rental and we're working closely with our dealers to help them increase their rental business over time.
James Umpleby: Thank you, Rob. So to answer the last part of your question first. So on solar, we have seen some pretty interesting applications for solar that you're right, traditionally over the last 30 years. So there's been a lot of combined heat and power applications for solar. But as an example, we relatively recently sold some solar gas turbines in a power generation application for continuous duty for a data center in Ireland. And that's something that, again, we wouldn't have seen 20 years ago. So there are some more opportunities. And as I mentioned earlier, as we think about distributed generation for both recip and gas turbines and, again, our engines and turbines burn a whole variety of fuels, natural gas, biofuels, hydrogen blends and all the rest. We do see an increased opportunity for those distributed power generation opportunities over time. And we think that's a secular growth trend again that we're very excited about. As you think about Energy & Transportation, there's a lot of components there. So when you asked the question about kind of mix in oil and gas versus power generation, generally, we do quite well margin wise in our large engine. So that's something that we're quite excited about, the opportunities that we see moving forward. Of course, solar is a very good business as well. So again there's a lot of things there to think about not just power generation and oil and gas. But as we think about Energy & Transportation moving forward and our ability to again to grow that business and achieve strong margins, we feel quite good.
James Umpleby: Maybe I'll start and then I'll kick it over to Andrew just to talk about interest rates a bit. So if you stop and think about our business, there are certain aspects that are not as sensitive to interest rate movements and think about the build-out in data centers around power generation, oil and gas generally and government infrastructure as well. We talked a lot about in our previous calls the regulatory environment that has been supporting build-out in North America and we still feel good about that. And obviously that is less interest rate-sensitive. The parts of our business that are more interest rate sensitive, think about someone building possibly a warehouse in North America and needs construction equipment for that. Those kinds of activities do tend to be more interest rate-sensitive. So if interest rates come down, that certainly has the possibility to improve that business. And then I'll let Andrew.
James Umpleby: Thanks for your question, Jerry. As I mentioned earlier, there's a lot of positives in mining. Certainly, the utilization of our equipment is high. The number of parked trucks is relatively low. We expect robust service activity. Having said that, our customers are displaying capital discipline. But at the same time, one of the things to keep in mind is, one of the reasons that we saw lower sales is that we had kind of a backlog of a couple of products that we talked about in our prepared remarks, articulated trucks and off-highway trucks. And as we worked our way through that, that created a relative comp issue that you're seeing today. But having said that, certainly, there's a lot of interest in commodities such as copper. And we've seen areas of strength and things like large mining trucks and that activity as well, and that's positive. And we remain bullish about mining, just thinking about the energy transition and all of the commodities that our customers will use our products to produce. So again, we're not too concerned about just a quarterly deviation. What we're really focused on is more the medium and long-term over time and we remain quite bullish on the mining business.
James Umpleby: We do believe. Thanks for your question. We do believe that the data center build-out creates opportunities in many areas across our business. So you mentioned backup generators. That's, obviously, that's an opportunity, which is here today that we're dealing with. In addition, I mentioned earlier the fact that data centers is increasing power generation requirements. So in the United States, I have the stats right, electricity demand was flat between, I think, between 2007 and 2022 and now it's starting to increase. And of course, our customers use our products to produce the commodities to satisfy that increase in electricity demand. In addition to that, I talked about the fact that both our reciprocated engines and our gas turbines we believe have the opportunity to be used in what we call distributed power generation applications. And a lot of that, again, is tied back to that data center build-out as electricity demand in the developed world continues to increase. And of course, in the developing world, as standards of living increase, power generation demands go up as well. And again, that's an opportunity for us as our customers use our products to produce the commodities to satisfy that increasing demand. In addition to that, yes, we do provide micro grids in our power generation organization. We work with customers to set up micro grids. That's one of the things that we do have the ability to do and we're pretty uniquely positioned just given our portfolio of products to help our customers do that. Also as you think about data center build-out, well, of course, that requires construction machinery as well and that helps our construction equipment business. And then, of course, thinking about copper and the other commodities that need to be produced to also support what's happening with increased power generation requirements that helps RI. So I believe that the data center build-out helps a whole variety of products across our portfolio.
James Umpleby: And maybe just to add in, we want our dealers to have a profitable, growing rental business. And utilization is an important part of that. So it's not a situation where we're encouraging to take more equipment than they need. We don't want them to take more equipment from us than they need. We want them to have a growing, profitable rental business. And we believe that's a growing opportunity for them and for us over time. And again, there will be quarterly deviations in terms of how much equipment they decide to take into the rental fleet. The point is it's a growing growth opportunity for both us and our dealers. And we're very supportive and are helping them with a variety of tools, whether it's digital tools and also other methodologies to help them grow their rental business.
James Umpleby: Yes. So we do expect for the year, I believe, I said that we expect gas compression year-over-year to be higher. So higher in 2024 than 2023. We did say we expected a bit of softening in the second half, but still, again, gas compression higher in 2024 total than in 2023. You asked about backlog. Again, we do have quite a strong backlog in our large engines across and our gas turbines around E&T. So again we feel good about that as well. And the comment we made about gas compression that was really recip oil and gas. We expected to soften in the second half of the year, but it didn't. Solar turbines, it also serves oil and gas. And our comment was about recent engines in oil and gas. And again a lot of strength in E&T overall.
James Umpleby: Yes, certainly PINS are very important to us, and we make pricing decisions based on a whole variety of inputs. Obviously, we look at our input costs, we look at our competitive situation. And we're continually working to add more value to our customers. So it's not just a price situation. Price is important and we need to remain competitive. But again we have some real advantages, we believe. One is our dealer network, again, one of our most significant competitive advantages. We have a distribution network that none of our competitors have. In addition to that, we continue to invest significantly in technology to help our customers be more successful. All the tools that we're putting into our machines to, for example, allow our customer to hire a relatively inexperienced operator and have them operate a machine like a pro who's been at it for many years. So again, there's a lot that goes into that, a lot of investments in services capabilities, a lot of investments in technology as well. But certainly, yes, we recognize PINS are important as it helps seed the market for future services growth and it's something we're very focused on.
James Umpleby: All right. With that, we'll just thank you all for your questions. We greatly appreciate it. I want to just close by thanking our global team for their strong execution in the first half of the year and achieved higher adjusted operating profit margin, record adjusted profit per share and strong ME&T free cash flow. And our results continue to reflect the benefit of the diversity of our end-markets as well as our disciplined execution of our strategy for long-term profitable growth. With that, I'll turn it back to Ryan.
