Brad Halverson: I would say that’s our fault. We rounded to the nearest $100 million last time and we rounded to the nearest $10 million this time. There was by and large little change in our forecast for incentive comp. We did raise guidance this $0.25, and you would normally think that would add to incentive comp. But most of the add was for the gain that we had on the sale of the logistics business. And our comp is based on OPACC, operating profit after capital charge and that gain was below operating profit, so it’s really not having any impact on the incentive comp.
Brad Halverson: I would say not that was not previously anticipated. I mean, we did expect benefits from restructuring to be better this year. So no, I wouldn’t say we added anything for that. Now we did add to restructuring cost. And down the road after those are complete, those should definitely lead to more benefits. But actually in the short-term, there are related costs for things like rearrangement that aren’t included in the number that contend to be a little bit negative around the time you are actually doing it. So I would say on balance that is relative to our original outlook not a big reason for change. We took the profit outlook up, mostly because of very good cost control in the first quarter. We don’t give quarterly guidance, but we were a little better than we thought we were going to be in the quarter. And some of that of course was timing, but some of it is spending that we don’t think we will have to make as the year goes on.
Brad Halverson: No, not much. In fact, we didn’t really change our outlook for currency. We did do a spot check on the impact on profit of recent changes and that was pretty neutral. So we will take another look at that midyear and see if there is any changes need for that.
Brad Halverson: Let me talk a little bit about this. There has been a lot of discussion about it. And we’ve been fairly active in terms of the studies that we do here. We’ll go through a process where we’ll -- we are cyclical, we’ve seen this before. On the one side we want to be ready for the upturn. Our business model is to produce quality products, lowest on operating costs, produces parts and service from us and the dealers and repeat business. And so on that side given the fact that our sales can move fairly dramatically through the cycles, we want to be ready to be able to meet that demand. But on the other side, it’s absolutely clear and a good question that this current economic environment presents a lot of opportunities. So we've been at this since 2013. In fact, if you can add up what we've done in the last three years, including what we plan to do in '15, we will incur roughly $900 million of restructuring cost. We’ve closed or downsized roughly 20 facilities, about 5 million of square feet during that period again through '15 and about 15,000 employees which is unfortunate. All-in then, if you look at the benefits we mentioned to you before that we believe after '15 the benefits per year would be $400 million to $500 million per year with what we've done which we’ve had higher benefits on than we anticipated and what we have in place will be at the high end or exceed that in terms of our benefits per year. And so it's a robust process, it’s done by our product source playing group with involvement across all the facilities all the regions. There has been some discussion about big facilities. It’s very hard to close the single source Decatur facility in terms of the mining trucks, it would be the same for each periods. So those things just don't dollar out in terms of return to shareholders and we do a net present value calculation through that. So I would say that we're continuing to look, we’ve added a few more in the mining space. If you go back to 2012, we were $66 billion in sales. We are $50 billion now. We’ve lost roughly $16 billion, 75% of that is mining and we’ve held at 25% decremental pull-through right in that range. And so there’s a lot of things going on that support that, including lean and material cost. But I would say that we are pretty happy with that pull-through over that three-year period. We've done that with little price and higher quality and growing market share. So we are not saying we won’t have more to do, but that process is ongoing and we’ve been pretty active in it.
Brad Halverson: No, what I would tell you is if you look at our internal forecast of the three quarters, they are not -- I mean, they are very close to each other. So we see it beginning in the second quarter -- the second quarter we would expect to be lower than the first quarter on sales. And to your point that, that almost -- that doesn't happen very often. But our forecast for this year is second quarter actually lower than the first quarter on both sales and profit not much different through the rest of the year. I mean, there are small pluses and minuses. But by and large, you can look at our full year, take out our first quarter and think about the remainder as close to what we are thinking.
Brad Halverson: Yes. So a couple of things. So you are correct in the idea that particularly for reciprocating engines, we will have fairly sizable declines in the second half of the year, actually beginning in the -- probably beginning sometime in the second quarter and continuing on through the year. But there are other parts of the business like solar where the timing of the year is, usually the second half is higher than the first half and we certainly see that happening this year. We have -- I think Marine sales up a bit higher in the back half of the year then the front half of the year and much of the rest of the business is actually reasonably -- in fact, I just look at this morning, kind of almost anticipating this question. The rest of the year for most of the rest of the businesses are by and large relatively stable as we go through the year. So the drop-off will be more oil, but it will be mitigated a little bit by timing in some of the segments and a little bit of an increase in marine.
Doug Oberhelman: Yes. Absolutely, material cost control has been a real positive actually not just in the first quarter, but over the past few years the team has done a great job. That’s a combination of the purchasing group and the design group in terms of designing for cost reduction. So it’s been pretty good. It was a decent positive again in the first quarter. If memory serves me, it was in the neighborhood of 1.5%. Now to the extent that we buy things in non-U.S. currencies, we wouldn’t be including it and that kind of number we isolate the impact of currency on our expenses separately at least for those that are denominated in foreign currencies.
Doug Oberhelman: Yes. I mean, we did have an inventory build in the first quarter and we didn’t talk a lot about that in the release, partly because I think sometimes it gets taken out of context. We expect an inventory build in the first quarter. The selling season from dealers and customers tends to be heavier in the summertime and so dealers add inventories up ahead of summertime. That occurred this year in construction industries. We have order of magnitude of 180 million dealers or 180 dealers roughly around the world. At any given point in time, you’ve got some of them, they probably have a little too much and some that have probably a little too little. If we look at our months of supply on hand, we kind of try to judge that in a reasonable range and we do look at that by region. And by and large, I think our dealer inventory we would say is in a reasonable range. Now from here, we definitely believe it will come down over the course of the year that happened last year. That’s kind of normal to have a build in the first quarter and then have dealers sell that down as we go through the year.
Doug Oberhelman: No, I wouldn’t say that, Seth. I think if you look at it sequentially, you always have to consider that we have some reasonable seasonality between the first quarter and the fourth quarter or fourth quarter to first quarter in discretionary costs. So fourth quarter was a pretty heavy quarter, first quarter was a pretty like quarter in terms of spending. So I think that has a lot to do with the sequential improvement. Now I think Resource Industries margins will likely come down as the year progresses. We kind of said before we thought something around breakeven was probably reasonable. I think that we are going to add the spending over the course of the year. We’ve got some R&D programs that we need to do there. We talked about that in January. So my guess is coming off of a pretty light quarter for cost and some increase in engineering as the year goes by and probably not a lot of change in the topline, margin will probably moderate from where it’s at.
Doug Oberhelman: Once you get around breakeven, the numbers are so small that $10 million or $15 million one way or the other could cause that. I mean, if we’re positive in the first quarter, we are thinking breakeven for the year. If it’s slipped a little below that at the quarter during the year, that wouldn’t be surprising.
Doug Oberhelman: I will add. Doug Oberhelman here. Mike said dog eat dog, I’d rather say a cat eats dog. But be that as it may. We are seeing a very competitive marketplace right now. We did post up a little price realization in the first quarter, which I was very happy to see. But I will tell you with a yen that's off over 50% in three years, euro, Brazilian currency, pound currency off 20 to 30% in the last year. All of our competitors aren’t in the U.S. So it really is a competitive environment out there. But we are not giving up our PINS goals, our market share goals. We are doing as well as we can be expected in a tough market that we are. Certainly, our cost management in the last couple of years has helped that, our lean manufacturing where we generated cost advantage is helping. We are still very much focused on market share. But I would say the competition for every deal has gotten greater as we've seen this dollar strengthen.
Doug Oberhelman: I think it's in our future. I said on the show this morning that it seems to me that with the QE coming in by the ECB with a euro that’s up, like I said 25% or so on a year’s time with energy prices where they are, the stimulus of all three of those and not to mention, continuing lowered rates, which has finally happened across Europe. I like in the euro zone, an awful lot to the period of say, 2010 ‘11 and ‘12 in the U.S. where there was a lot of stimulus. We didn't see much growth but we see better growth now. So I am convinced it’s coming. I don't know if it will be, when it will be and I’m not going to predict that. But we still see and I was just with several of our European dealers, we still have the North-South divide. I think the Germans would say they see some green shoots in that economy. We’re not seeing it in our numbers but they were a bit more optimistic in Germany, of course a euro at $1.07, $1.08 really benefits those exporters. So I think, we’re on the early stages of what will be a recovery. I don’t think it’s going to be a boom and I think it’s going to be an anemic growth probably looking a lot like what we've seen here. But it will feel better when it happens for sure, Ann.
Doug Oberhelman: Yeah. I haven’t looked at it by region so much. But I know that for our construction industry segment, if I look at orders in the first quarter, all I’ll tell you is they’re down -- they’re down, I mean, no doubt about that but our backlog was a little bit lower in the first quarter. But our orders were certainly not down anywhere near that over the magnitude.
Doug Oberhelman: I’ll take that, Mike. And I just came back from Solar in San Diego two days ago and got a pretty good briefing. I would say their forecast, which is rolled up into ours for ‘15 is a pretty good line of sight to that. They would not speculate it and really don't know much beyond that into ‘16 as yet. I would say around gas compression, of course, which is the big piece of solar business that has held up. And there's a lot of pipeline work going on. There is a lot of pressure behind it that’s required and that's our turbine and compressor in most cases. So I’d say it’s again a challenging environment but for gas compression the rest of the year, they’re pretty much, I think going to end up where we thought they would be and that’s good. And we’re not going to do anything about ‘16 and even speculate today. And we will later in the year because things are evolving so quickly here that I don’t know what it will be and we’re concentrating on ‘15. But solar I think it’s got a year that we’re pretty confident about that’s baked into here as well.
Doug Oberhelman: It’s Doug here. Brad just before you do that, I’d like to come back to that locomotive order that Mike mentioned one of the big six in North America that was a tier 4 order for our new emissions locomotive, which will be available in 2016. And there has been a lot of discussion around our tier 4 readiness and that was a big order for us and we’ll start shipping at '16 our long-term contract. It starts pretty quickly as soon as we give that technology ready which as I said it will be next year. Sorry Brad.
Doug Oberhelman: Yeah. If I look at company level, I’m going to be a little bit more vague because we have continuing benefits from our lean manufacturing journey above and beyond where we were last year baked in. We’ve got, I will say aggressive goals in our forecast. So, I would say, without giving a number, we’re looking for, kind of a cadence of improvement as result of that or decline in inventory as we go through the year. Not massive -- I mean, certainly not like we had in the fourth quarter of last year but our forecast would reflect modest declines in each of the next few quarters.
Doug Oberhelman: Yeah. Sure. Yeah. I don’t think that we’ve given a number but we added the inventory in the first quarter. Our forecast would reflect all of that coming out, plus a little bit more.
Doug Oberhelman: It’s a case where our sales for the year are coming down from 55 to 50 and not all of that is oil. Some of that maybe oil related but it’s still in construction. So, I think that we will probably end the year a bit less than we were last year. Mining inventory is going to continue to come down little bit this year, not as much as last year. But it’s going to continue edging its way down like it did in the first quarter.
Doug Oberhelman: I’ll take that one. Doug Oberhelman here. We really haven’t changed our priorities of cash at all. If anything, the top priority to maintain the balance sheet is I think becoming more important to us as the uncertainty around us continues on, if not increases. We reported that we are about I guess 37% or so on debt to debt and equity. That’s being coming, trending down and we will trend that down throughout the year. We bought $400 million of shares in the first quarter, which I think is a reasonable planning rate for the rest of the year, assuming our plan holds up. We will end the -- I have no doubt we’ll end the year with cash, a lot of cash, as we did in the first quarter over $7 billion. I think in this area of uncertainty, where day-to-day one never knows what going to happen and having recently been burned on that in 2008 with a big downturn and a weak balance sheet that’s where we are going to be. The other thing and I've said this before is that we are continually looking for growth opportunities. And that strong balance sheet allows us lots of flexibility for growth, for protection, maintain our dividend and modestly increase it. As we’ve said before buying shares back. But I would say that we’re in the driver seat with cash generation, with our inventory turnover arising, our lean manufacturing freeing up cash. And as these other priorities work through, share buyback will likely over time continue to be important thing for us. But in 2015, we’re just planning right now on that $4 million until we kind of per quarter or so given the uncertainties and the challenges we see everyday in the marketplace.
Doug Oberhelman: Well. With that, I think we’re going to wrap it up. We are at the top of the hour. Thank you for joining us and we’ll talk to you again next quarter.
Mike DeWalt: That’s a very good question. We've been asking ourselves that. We've got customers with some parked equipment. We think again there's been some cannibalizing of equipment in the field. We are looking -- I think customers are pushing out rebuild times. In our view that can't keep happening but it has been happening. So when that turns around, it is like the industry overall. It’s a little bit hard to predict the timing but we understand where both parked sales and equipment sales are to what’s at least for equipment a reasonable replacement level. It’s far below that. But when that's going to turn around it's hard to say.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. So, I think this really goes kind of across the company. I will touch on several of the segments. But we expect -- the first quarter was kind of seasonally low on costs. So just as a matter of course discretionary cost will go up a bit from the first quarter level. We do plan to spend some more on R&D and we talked about that last January. We are looking at negative mix. We will have negative product mix in E&T because of the decline in the oil business that's coming. We also expect some negative mix in Construction Industries. If you look at what they sold in the first quarter, it was relatively balanced between -- we have three pieces of construction -- earthmoving, excavation and building construction products, so BCP are smaller equipment. So what we actually saw in the quarter, at least in terms of new equipment was fairly balanced between those three subsectors. But if you look at what was ordered and what we think is going to happen for sales as the year unfolds, probably not a lot of change in total for construction but a bit more of a shift to BCP smaller machines. And part of that is -- in countries like China where the selling season is very early in the year that helps excavation sales. And then that tails down later in the year. So, we are looking at some negative mix in construction as the year goes on. I don’t think for the year we are not, at least in our -- contemplated in our outlook, we are not going to fall below double digits for construction. E&T operating profit percent will, I think for sure come down I guess I can’t say for sure. We would expect it would come down and mostly because of declines in the oil business, which is -- tends to be bigger, little bit higher-margin product.
Mike DeWalt: That's a good question and it's interesting. When the numbers get this small, it’s too much about numbers that are relatively small. I mean, we had for the company overall $105 million of price realization that’s less than 1%. I think the segment that is doing -- the segments that are doing better right now are construction and energy and transportation. Construction in particular did a little bit better, but part of that is really from a few three things. One is we had last year, this big Brazilian order from the government. And while that was good volume it was pretty low price. So without that sort of our average price level is up a bit. We had some favorable geographic mix and we did take list price increases, a small but up at the beginning of the year, so that all contributed a bit. I think with Resource Industries, it's been down year-over-year for the last -- certain last couple of quarters. I can’t remember the third but probably the third last year as well. It’s just the top business right now. It is dog eat dog. And although a lot of that product that we sell is dollar-based, the sales are conducted in dollars a lot in mining. Some of our key competition like Komatsu probably has more of a yen cost based than we do and they are being aggressive. So it's a tough industry.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. I couldn’t. Any comment on how we are relative to that number be pure speculation on my part but we’re not seeing that kind of a decline, no.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. I think on balance and our outlook in January and I kind of updated that a little bit today. We expected construction sales to be down 5% to 10%. But then and now, the only region that’s likely to be in neutral to positive territory is North America. The first quarter was by and large about what we expected.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. I would say the total was down 5% to 10%. The only region that’s not really down is North America but the numbers are very small. I would say it’s within the margin of error to be neutral to positive.
Mike DeWalt: No. I think we’ve seen weaker -- I’m going to use the U.S. region as the example here. We’ve seen certainly a decline in orders in business there. We’ve actually even seen some decline in part sales in those regions. So, anecdotally I would tell you, I think we are seeing impact of lower oil prices in our construction business today.
Mike DeWalt: Yes. When we did our year-end release, we said that we expected price realization to be favourable, but less than about 0.5%. And by and large, I think that is still the case. I mean, the first quarter was in positive territory. I think we expect to end the year in positive territory, but I mean pretty small numbers. By and large, if you think around 0.5% plus or minus, you're probably in the ballpark.
Mike DeWalt: Okay. So the Asia comment in the -- around the quarter was locomotive shipments can be kind of lumpy. We had a decent size order for multiple locomotives go out to a customer in Australia in the quarter. So that was the kind of genesis of the Asia comment in the quarter. In terms of the backlog, we during the quarter took an order from one of the North American railroads for new locomotives and what the railroads do is they will place an order. And it's usually for multiple years and you'll produce portions of it kind of over the course of the contract. And we had an order placed in the first quarter from North American railroad.
Mike DeWalt: You never say never about anything. But generally speaking, if you are going to produce and you’re going to move things through oil -- oil through a pipeline or you need the equipment to work to do that. If there is hesitation, if there is customer maybe like mining they have the possibility that could push out things like overhauls and rebuilds that potentially could be a negative. I would say, we’re not really seeing a lot of that right now outside of kind of the drilling and fracing were activity is off. Remember though and I think these needs to be said, a lot of our business in oil and gas, probably most of our business in oil and gas is gas. And so far that's held up pretty well. Demand for gas is good and the compression business is doing pretty well. So oil is just a one piece of our oil and gas business.
Ann Duignan: I'm sure it will. And then just switching gears as my follow-up, we track the U.S. construction industry shipments from census data and those have been done but orders are down about 27% in Q1. That's just through February. Can you talk about what you're seeing out there on construction industry orders? Does that include exports that might have weakened because of the strength of the dollar or what's going on out there in terms of industry orders on the construction equipment side? Thanks.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And just that have anything to do with the fact that your dealers cannot cancel orders so we might be seeing some delivery. We may have inventories corrected later in the year or have you changed that policy? And then I leave it there.
Ann Duignan: Yes. It's the U.S. consensus data or census data -- excuse me -- and it is year over year through February.
