Mike DeWalt: Well, here is the deal Anne, for Bucyrus actually if you look from third to fourth quarter, the order rate went up quite nicely at Bucyrus. That said, they just had a fantastic fourth quarter in terms of shipments and the shipments were well above what we expect. So, orders are actually up sequentially, pretty nicely, it’s just that they really, clearly did a great job in shipping in the fourth quarter. So, that 0.1 decline in the backlog I think had more to do with how good a job they did in the fourth quarter shipping rather any change in order rate. That said, our view of mining is quite bullish, the comments that I made and kind of the preamble there, this is not specifically Bucyrus, but we’ve got to add more capacity, we’re going to be constrained this year. I mean, on some of those big trucks for example. We’re quoting delivery times now out in 2014. So, now mining is good.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, no, I understand that. That’s been a very calming question and I do admit we’ve not been able to be overly helpful on that. Here is what I would tell you, we actually closed one of the dealers, the sales of distribution businesses to the dealers in the fourth quarter and there are many, there are in various stages of being in profit today. Your comment about Finning has been announced, others, we’re talking with the dealers, we’re trying to get sorted and done, but of course, aren’t done yet. That will happen throughout the year just because of the sheared number of them. We’re talking about involving more than 50 dealers here. We’re probably not going to be done this year, we’re trying really hard and we hope to get most of the big ones done this year. That impact of the whole deal on our profit, overall, we don’t think it will be very significant this year one way or the other. Part of that has to do with the timing of when they’re getting done. There is also a potential gain or loss impact, which we don’t think will be big during the year, the impact of transactions themselves. Our intangible amortization is going to go down some as we stall them because the dealers are acquiring some of the intangibles. So, it’s a little bit of a moving target, but at this point it doesn’t look like it will be very significant to 2012. and then, remember as we do this we’ll bringing cash in 2012.
Mike DeWalt: Andy, I think, it’s always hard to speculate and what may come in the M&A space, but as we talked in the past, the acquisitions that make the most sense for us are the ones that bolt on to existing parts of our business. EMD really added to a great real services business, which gives us an ending real business, MWM was a great bolt on to have to build our engine platform on gas and Bucyrus was a big bolt, I mean it was really a perfect build out of our mining business. I would anticipate us to spend a lot of time in 2012 getting those fully integrated. On top of the $4 billion that we’ve talked about relative to and of organic investment in capacity, we got a lot going on in 2012, we’re going to be focused to get that done.
Mike DeWalt: Solar and demand was good, it was on a record year this year, they’re going into 2012 with a very good order book, it’s just called above average order cover, it’s a good business around the world. I mean, not just in the US and if you think about it a lot of the needs in oil and gas area right now are basically getting in the oil patch, getting more oil out of existing wells. Just as an example, I know solar has big orders from a large existing customer on a project to do gas injection to a well to get more output of oil. So, solar business is good, they’re starting the year with pretty good order cover and they’re pretty optimistic about 2012.Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners, LLC.: Great, thanks Mike.
Mike DeWalt: Just a couple of things, in first half what we have in the outlook is incrementals that are very consistent with 2011 and I tell you this, it’s easier to get higher incrementals the larger your volume increase. I said as many times I can squeeze in that we’ve had the best volume increase on a percentage basis in 2011 since Truman was President. Now, we got another good year of growth built in for 2012, but it’s not the scale of volume increase that we had to determine our percentage basis in 2011. So, I think, the volume not being up as much as probably a little bit of a headwind. One of the things we mentioned this morning in the release was R&D we are looking for about a 15% increase in R&D next year. We have high depreciation, we had a $4 billion capital planning for next year plus we’ll have a full year of impact on the $2.6 billion that we have spent this year. So, depreciation is going to be up. Related to that $4 billion, it requires a fair bit of expense to get that implemented so that will be a little bit of drag. So, there are pluses and minuses the things you mentioned are definitely pluses, incentive comp at target, which is where we started out the year in the outlook, is a tailwind without a doubt. Currency we wouldn’t expect to be quite so bad as it was in 2011. So, to your point that’s a tailwind as well. But I think a smaller volume increase and just the added cost around depreciation, implementation of the new capacity in some more R&D, now those are probably the headwinds.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, I think for Tier 4, we as in 2011, the difference between the price and oil cost is not material one way or the other it’s been margin neutral at least. So that’s not the big drag for us that’s the implementation Tier 4 just on particularly compared with Tier 3 superbly well. Feedback from dealers is good, no major hiccups in the factory so Tier 4 has been very good.
Mike DeWalt: This is Mike, I was going to pile one more here. Henry, when are talking about extended lead times don’t confuse that with sales aren’t going up a lot in mining in 2012 because they are. So, we expect good sales increases in mining, the point that we’re trying to make is that actual demand is even better. And there is one other comment, we tried make this but sometimes you don’t always get your messages across. 2012 we are looking to be another record year with sales for us at a midpoint of around $70 billion. And remember that with US construction, I mean, housing starts at 700,000 I mean that’s historically law, I mean, it’s following the tradition, at some point construction in the US is going to pick up, Europe will eventually come out of its recession, we will get some housing, we will hopefully eventually get a highway built and at some point those two big pillars of our business which are not better but not still at the levels we’re going to need quite a bit more capacity. So, this story isn’t over. I mean, in the US and in Europe the two big developed regions are part of our business. We are still languishing at well below prior peak levels.Henry Kirn – UBS Investment Bank: Thanks a lot, congratulations.
Mike DeWalt: Okay. I’ll start with the first, I remember the first and the last and you probably have to remind me the middle question when we get to it. On the $4 billion what I would say is its spread out. Some of it is spending on projects that we already announced. A lot of it is for mining as Doug mentioned, we’ve got facility in Texas, a lot of the project that we’ve announced were also spending a lot of money at existing facilities, in fact, probably, the majority of it is that existing facilities we’re ramp up. In 2011, we did a little bit more than half, I think it was 60% of our CapEx for facilities in the US. In 2011, it will be likely in mix as well, we’re investing in the US and overseas. In terms of specific sort of project by project guidance, we will pass on that. Your last question was on CAT Japan?Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: That’s right.
Mike DeWalt: Well, I think the overall impact of the transaction which is business that’s going to the dealers and impact on us, reducing intangible amortization that goes along with it. Just all in, some of its timing, they didn’t all happen on January 1, it just look like its going to have a very significant impact on our results in 2012. Now, as we go through each quarter as we have been, it’s a big acquisition, it wasn’t in our results a year ago and will continue throughout 2012 to kind of talk about the impact like we did EMD this year.
Mike DeWalt: No, Eli. I would geographically we got pretty good balance in terms of where we are at, I mean, I do think, we did see it come up a little bit in North America in the latter parts of the years they gained confidence, you got it up a little bit in China as you kind of prepare for the selling season, we know, all know what happens coming out of the Chinese New Year. The other place from a geographic perspective we’ve seen it build is on mining related product just based on the lead time to simple as that mining product has continued to grow. I feel pretty good about where we are at geographically as well as by different parts of the business.
Mike DeWalt: Eli, I don’t recall making an outlook on capital spending for ‘13 and ‘14 but as Doug kind of mentioned earlier, we have both good, solid goals for 2015, we are well above where we are at right now. So, I think it’s a reasonable assumption if you would think of an elevated CapEx to deliver that a while.
Mike DeWalt: Well, I think the most recent confidence if you will is just let, this is not a new thing, I mean, this has been Europe has been in the news last six months, I mean, big time. Order rates in the fourth quarter versus year ago just in Europe were decidedly up. So, just recent order rates from us despite all of the discussion of it being more positive. Now, happy of course, if somebody other parts of the world, not as part of the US, but in the right direction. I would say that’s one thing that gives us confident, I think how far the market fell in ‘09 and how far below in years, the prior peak and industry sales are relative discuss appropriate or replacements, I think all of those kind of triangulate to give us some confidence as well. But, I think probably the key point on confidence is just what dealers and customers have been doing over the last few months. Europe, Western Europe anyway and to some degree pieces going east, but question here up is really pure dichotomy of north and south. And southern European is really on its knees and Northern Europe was doing pretty well, in fact, still is even though the entirety of Western Europe might be in recession, probably yes. So, you really got to watch that in terms of country by country and then you break it down in country, there is a lot of special project. In France, a big high speed rail, second one is coming to provision, so it’s really a tale of two stories north and south as much anything. That’s really that’s been helping us and it just depends on how much along with kiosk and Southern Europe that’s goes on and its been going on a long time and hasn’t tanked the place yet. We don’t think it will.Seth Weber – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, thank you very much, I appreciate the color guys.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, we don’t do quarterly guidance but that’s actually a good way to end that’s worth a little bit of the discussion. I mean, seasonally for us its on sale the first quarter is almost always the weak quarter of the year, I don’t see any reason why this year would be any different than that. So, I certainly wouldn’t divide the year of sales by four and assume that’s gone in the first quarter. Also to on incrementals, I think we ought to get this out right now, if we go back to 2011, we just had a golden quarter in the first quarter, I mean, costs unusually seasonally low but were particularly good. Price realization was particularly higher in the first quarter of 2011. We had operating profit as a percent of sales was well above the rest of the year in the first quarter. So, I would just temper if you will the incremental margin expectations for Q1. Not because there is going to be some big change in operations on our part but because the first quarter a year ago was just so good.Stephen Volkmann – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Great, that’s very helpful thanks.
Doug Oberhelman: Yeah, now you’re getting 12% or 13%, I mean, we had $60 billion in sales. Bucyrus and MWM were I think 2.6 of that. So, sort of roughly 57.5 without those two. I think the impact of currency if memory serves me was about $800 million so you’re at 56 – build was, I think, order magnitude $2.5 billion. So, I mean, we’re at sort 42 to 54 which is 20% excluding all those items, more than 20% about close to 25.
Doug Oberhelman: Hi Andy, this is Doug. I think in terms of investments, we’ve outlined it’s kind of that industry attracted in a strategic fit, a lot of good opportunities for organic growth and I think on the acquisition side, we’re clearly focused on full integration of EMD, MWM and Bucyrus. I think on the cash flow if you really think about the result of 2011, we had some really good year-over-year improvement scenarios like receivables and payables and I don’t you can anticipate that kind of improvement year-over-year again and it’s kind of driving it to what we think are some pretty good levels. The real opportunity on the cash flow on into 2012 will be to continue to deploy the Cat production system, align with our suppliers and through that do a better job on inventory turns. I’d say that would be the area that I give lot of focus as we go into 2012.
Doug Oberhelman: Yeah, I will pile on a little bit, Oberhelman here. As we sit here today, the strategy that we see for the next three or four years does not, we do not have any big holes to fill and the idea of absolute execution on both our organic growth which is going to be a significantly bigger factor I think and what our acquisitions have been and any new acquisitions is really going to be the focus and we get that right, we will have no problem with our 2015 numbers at all. So, we’re really going to spend some time on that, having said that we’ve got, probably dozens I would say of smaller acquisitions in mine, kind pre ‘09, pre-2010 for Caterpillar that we’re always looking at. We would bolt as Ed said and I think those would compliment our business. But, where we’re headed for 2015, we basically have our arms around today, we intend to deliver that ploy.
Doug Oberhelman: I would just add here David that we are now essentially onto our 2015 goals and taking steps to get there and everything Mike said, the big step up in CapEx, the substantial step up in R&D, the price cost relationship being relatively to lead to our market share goal in 2015 are all aimed at steps in Tier 12, 13 and 14 to get there. This is one step along the way. We’ve got to invest to meet those goals. In ‘12 we will some of that it’s a balance. I would also say that we look at 2011 as achieving to 2012 goals that we laid out to all of you in 2009 that is in the rear view mirror. As Mike took you through that reconciliation it’s also in the report, we feel like we did pretty well, particularly in August of ‘09 when the world was ending by the best estimations at that point in time. We put out a forecast like we did and then to achieve that a year early, I feel pretty good about. So, ‘12 for us is really, maybe the first or second step into our 2015 goals which we will be steering you towards more and more later this year and beyond. But ‘12 is certainly a building block to get there.
Doug Oberhelman: We’ve had it, basically monthly announcement more or less and almost for last two years now with growth or acquisition, those investments are starting to come online. We are saying on the large factory is now online and ramping. Victoria Texas is the new excavator plant will begin to ramp in the third quarter, I go on and on with this, but those investments are really just starting to return the money I guess, as we get production to those. So, we’ll see that in ‘12 and ‘13 will be big build here as well ‘14. we will be adding capacity right on through to do that and that should help our availability and certainly will get after our market share goals for 2015.
Doug Oberhelman: Eli, the only thing I would add to that is, it’s going to be a challenge like Mike said, over 50 transitions during the year, but I’ll tell you, we’re starting to see the benefits of being able to go to our customer base with an extended product line, and I think we get this done and our dealers can go with full product line, full service offerings, I think we are actually convinced more and more each day, it’s the right direction to go.
Doug Oberhelman: It didn’t answer his question, but I expect, it might inferred. Ed made comment about China and a little bit of inventory build there. I just wanted to kind of clarify one thing, if you look at our total company sales in China fourth quarter to fourth quarter and you take the impact of inventory build out of both, we would still be enough in China.
Edward Rapp: Yeah, Joel this is Ed. The discount rate went down as we had anticipated, we took a hit to OCI of just $2 billion and in spite of that finished debt capped at 42.7 and really think about it taken in the last 18 months more than $10 billion plus a hit based on pension and to stay within our target range in terms of debt cap and it shows just how good at the year we had on overall cashbook.
Edward Rapp: Doug hit it earlier and we made some major commitments in 2010 to invest in capacity, we continue to add on in 2011 and we’re going to do it again. You’ve seen in our release, our sales growth outpace the industry growth and so, we think the capacity that we’re adding is going to allow us to stay ahead of that curve.
Edward Rapp: Hi, Jerry, this is Ed. I would say, and Mike commented on this in his opening and we got to give our suppliers full marks. I mean, if you talk about going from the $32 billion in ‘09 to kind of what we finished up this year, from a supplier its even benefit because of the inventory at ‘09 timeframe. I think supplier delivery performance was what really helped us come up at volume curve and we’re working closely with that in terms of making sure we stay and sink as we add capacity, they add capacity, we’re doing the very same thing with the dealer organization as we try to execute if you would simultaneously. On the cost side, we remain very focused at controlling cost as we go up this ramp. Mike did the comparison earlier back in that ‘08 timeframe but as we ramp volume up in that period of time, we allowed cost to kind of reflect in line with sales, you saw us do a good job in 2011 in holding that down at less than 50% of that ramp and you will see us focused on that again in 2012. Yeah, there is similarities like R&D and the cost implement capacity that we got to put in place but we’re going to remain cost stocks as we control the cost side of this equation.Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thank you.
Edward Rapp: I’m kind of surprised we didn’t get a question on China, so I am going to give an answer or at least an opinion. But, I think its important for all of you to understand and really know what we are up to in China. China for us is a big market that we’re bring the capital, broad set of business, products and services into, in a big way. So that’s financing power systems, its machines, its locomotives, it’s everything we do. And I have read there has been far too much encrypt about us being only excavator supplier in China, which I think is a bit thinker. Because we are installing a base over there of dealers that will sell our broader ray of products and services, it will go after everything, in fact if you look at our overall they are up year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter because of that (inaudible) in the excavator business. But because of the breadth that we bring, we can really spread the rest through China, it’s exactly what we’re doing and on top of that building inventory as Mike just said in China, we are getting after market share in a big way and like here some of that come to provision. So, we have, as we told before some big win in China plans by 2015, if anything I am optimistic we’re going to be a little bit ahead of that because of the breadth that China took in slowing their account which allowed us to catch up a little bit and then the speed in which we are putting our entire business model across China. So, China is a big opportunity for us, its paying off beautifully here and you saw that in the fourth quarter and year-to-year.
