Mike DeWalt: Yeah, I'll start with pricing. We've actually done better on pricing through the first half of the year than we expected it. It's really held up pretty well. Earlier in the year, we'd expected that we would get maybe 1% to 1.5% price for the full year. We’re at probably between 2.5% and 3% right now through the first half. We think it will probably go down a little bit in the second half that's what’s baked into our guidance, we’ll probably end up the year somewhere around 2%. Remember one of the points I mentioned was, we’re working with dealers for example to sell more product in China, so there will be certain merchandising programs, for example related to that. So, I think a lot better year than we thought, it was going to be even including the economic impacts that you see today, but probably a little less in the second half than the first half. In terms of dealer inventory, we did have a little bit of an increase in the second quarter more than all of that was mining. Now, when you look at dealer inventory for mining, you have to be a little careful, but it’s not a case where dealers are loading up 400 ton trucks on their vault and hoping for a customer. It’s a case where we pass title to them and then they have to get the product to their customer. They have to get it assembled and commissioned. So usually when our shipments go up like they did in the second quarter versus the first, the pipeline for mining inventory increases a bit and that’s just a function of us shipping more through dealers to customers. In terms of our inventory, we did have a bit of an increase, about 800 million in the second quarter. And there were four reasons for that; one, and I’ll start from the smallest to the largest, in-transit inventory that’s basically where we sold the product – it wasn’t sold. We have a product that’s been shift, but it’s an export, it’s on the high fees essentially and it’s best in for customer, but we haven’t passed title yet. When our shipments and exports go up in-transit inventory, usually goes up. We had a 9% increase in sales between the first and second quarters and in-transit went up a bit. That’s to be expected based on the sales increase. About 20% of the increase in the second quarter was components, working process, after market parts, and that’s very related to sales. And again, we had a 9% increase in sales from first to second quarter. 20% of the inventory increase was from the acquisition of Siwei and Bucyrus. Siwei was an acquisition and Bucyrus inventory went up in the quarter and again that’s not very surprising. We have businesses like Solar, like Bucyrus where they have seasonably big four quarters, they build a bit of inventory all year along, they have a big fourth quarter that usually goes down. And again, Siwei contributed about $100 million of the increase, not just an acquisition. About half of the increase was finished goods and more than half of that was on our Excavator division in China. And I tried to cover this a little bit in the release this morning. It’s a case where we are cutting production there, where more declines are going to come in the third quarter, but dealers are cutting inventory there as well. And if you start with a slow market and dealers reducing inventory, now there are not a lot of shipments going on from our factories to dealers then. So it’s pretty hard to take inventory down. So even with the reduction in production that we had in the third quarter, it wasn’t quite enough yet to offset the impacts of a really slow market. So we are going to take it down a little bit more in the third quarter, we are exporting a higher percentage of the business in China, outside of China. So that should help there.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, I mean, we don’t break our petroleum business out in quite that much detail, but what I would tell you is the largest sort of application segment for oil and gas business is gas compression. So contrary to popular belief, it’s not drilling and fracking, it’s gas compression. So the more gas you have, the more wells you drill, the higher consumption of gas goes, the more need that you have for gas compression, so that business is actually doing quite well and looking up. We do a lot of gas compression with Solar, and with Solar, we have a very good long-term visibility. So I’d say oil and gas – your point about fracking is right. Fracking is slowing down, but gas compression is doing very well. So our general view of the oil and gas industry is actually pretty good right now. Jerry, we’re going to have to move on to the next person in line. Thanks.
Mike DeWalt: Okay, David, I’m just going to add one more comment in there…David M. Raso – International Strategy & Investment Group, Inc.: Sure.
Mike DeWalt: …on the year-over-year. That is you almost have to look at it by the type of inventory that we’re talking about. we’ve increased parts inventory for example faster than sales. Part of the reason for that is we’re putting additional Bucyrus inventory into the system. We’re doing that to increase delivery performance there. That was a – that’s the key part of driving higher part sales and profit out of Bucyrus. Now if you look at our actual production inventory, it’s performed a lot closer to sales. if you look at the PDC that's where we’re holding finished inventory. on purpose, we call it lane one inventory, that’s up $1 billion or actually a little bit more than $1 billion year-over-year. That’s very purposeful, I mean the problem was, a year-ago we didn’t have enough capacity in place to get it where we need it. So we’ve added more than $1 billion to PDC inventory on purpose, that was all a part of the plan, and we’ve been able to do that really over the last six to nine months as productions come on stream.
Mike DeWalt: So, it’s not just that simple, how much did sales go up, how much is inventory going up? And then we also had acquisitions. roughly, half of the FIFO inventory increases, Bucyrus, MWM and Siwei, just acquisitions.David M. Raso – International Strategy & Investment Group, Inc.: Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate the color Mike.
Mike DeWalt: Couple of things, one, say how they are affecting our business now. Well, organic sales were up 31% in mining in the quarter. If you look at our year-over-year backlog, how well we do it on backlog versus year ago, it’s up 11% not down. If you look at the change from the end of the first quarter, I mean there are a couple of things that are definitely going on there, one and this particularly effects construction, we took quite a few products off managed distribution. We've been on a situation for the last couple of years where we couldn't supply enough, and we had dealers on managed distribution for quite a few products. We've been adding production capability over the last couple of years, that situation, delivery times has improved a lot, and when that happens it's almost like clock work dealers take – they don't have to be quite so cautious, and because we can deliver quicker. So that was definitely a factor for construction. On mining, customers did – we shift more than we took in new orders and the backlog did go down. But you almost have to look out in perspective. I mean we were getting very large orders, really over the past couple of years, and we’re increasing every quarter. And it’s a function of – we’ve been putting in more capacity to deal with that. I mean we wanted for long time to get the order book for mining to a more reasonable level, delivery times for customers to a better level. And that’s why we’ve been putting capacity in place to do that. That said, there’s a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace today, customers are – just like my comments in the opening, we’re all trying to get a better picture in terms of what’s going on economically. Central bankers have done quite a bit, but that takes a while to actually materialize in the economy. And I think people are taking a little bit of wait and see to see how 2013 is going to shape up, and I think orders reflect that. That said, mining order book is quire long, we have very good visibility into 2013. For a lot of the big trucks, we’re still taking orders into ’14. So it’s not as though, all of a sudden the backlog is dried up and we don’t have any visibility.
Mike DeWalt: Well, what I’d tell you is this, many of the comments that we’ve actually made here today more in the release, price realization is probably not going to be quite as strong in the back half of the year. Seasonally, the fourth quarter is usually a higher cost order. So those things will certainly impact the second half of the year. But you’re right, the first half’s execution, has been very, very good. So I think our outlook is, I mean we raised the outlook today from $9.50 to $9.60 on midpoint of the sales range that went down $1 billion and we’re looking at a higher tax rate. So I think actually the profit story for the rest of the year is pretty positive.
Mike DeWalt: Well, a couple of things. One, if you look at our overall power systems business versus that competitor that we’re talking about, thank goodness for rail and thank goodness for oil and gas, it’s good to have a quite vary business, so we have some end markets that are weaker, we have some that are stronger, and we happen to have a very good balance. So in total, you saw our sales to end users accelerate the three-month moving average from overall plus 2 to a plus 7 in June, and that was a good thing. But I do, there are comments about Power Systems in general, particularly the smaller diesel end of it. We're definitely seeing that in the marketplace. And so, certainly at the smaller end of electric power, it will likely be a negative year. At the big end and the turbine end, we had some really tough comparables in the first quarter that were with us throughout March. And so year-over-year, that part of the businesses has been a little – comparably a little pressed because we had such big turbine sales in the first quarter a year ago. But on balance, I would say the bigger stuff is a little better than the small stuff. And the competitor that you referred to is probably relatively speaking stronger than the small stuff.Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners: Yep, true. Thanks, Mike.
Mike DeWalt: Underground hard rock or underground coal? Underground hard rock has amongst the longest backlog of all of our products. You mean underground coal, Bucyrus underground coal?Seth R. Weber – RBC Capital Markets Equity Research: Yeah, the old DBT business.
Mike DeWalt: It’s – again, we don’t provide our outlook in that, quite that level of detail. But to Ed’s point earlier, we have a decent sales outlook for the back half of the year. We’re not looking for a big deterioration. That said, there are pluses and minuses. We’re seeing for example, better business in Brazil, that’s turning up a bit. And you also would have seen that in the Latin American numbers, it moved from I think down 6% to down 3%. So, I know you’re seeing that move a little better. It was actually positive later in the quarter. And in fact, our machine retail sales also (inaudible) in June, we report the three month moving average. But from a monthly perspective, June was the best month we’ve had since January, in terms of month-over-month increase. It was one the best months on a volume basis we’ve ever had.Seth Weber – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, and this is Mike. Even when commodity prices were moving up, the impact on our actual material cost was quite muted. If you go back to the first quarter, we were up about 1%. Last year, we went up much more than 1%. So it was – the impacts on those are quite muted and part of that is because – for a lot of our purchase volume, we agree prices annually, we’re not – the majority of our material purchase are not actually commodities. So I think broadly speaking, your sentiment is correct, obviously, the portion of our business, it is commodity related, the pricing is a little bit easier, but I wouldn’t get carried away in terms of order of magnitude there.
Mike DeWalt: And probably, I’ll handle the second part too.Robert Mccarthy – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Yeah. That would be fine.
Mike DeWalt: The first part is yeah, we’ll probably continue to report Bucyrus just as we are throughout the rest of this year.Robert Mccarthy – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Right.
Mike DeWalt: They are for example not in our monthly dealer statistics from a disclosure standpoint. and we would plan on doing that for example, at the beginning of 2013 where you have good comparables. So we’ll continue to break it out, certainly for the rest of this year. And in terms of MINExpo, we have an outline of at this point what we’re thinking about in terms of material to share at MINExpo. Since it is MINExpo, it will probably be a little extra emphasis on mining and Bucyrus is a piece of that that we’ll talk about that.
Mike DeWalt: All right, well thank you very much everyone. We are happy to report a great quarter and then increase in the outlook. With that we’ll sign off.
Edward J. Rapp: Hi, Jerry, this is Ed. The thing I would add on Cat inventory looking for the balance of the year, between now and year end, I’d be disappointed if we didn’t take $1 billion, at least $1 billion out of inventory. But we’re also trying to be very thoughtful in terms of how we manage the full supply chain. If you think about what the supply chain has done and with $32 billion in ’09, your midpoint of the outlook $69 billion and if you look at the basic outlook that says, there is some drivers out there, that says 2013 could be positive versus 2012. We want to be very thoughtful about how we take that inventory down, but we are now in the end of the year, getting $1 billion out is something we ought to be able to do.Jerry D. Revich – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Appreciate the color. And I’m wondering if you could talk about how much visibility you have in your gas compression business and whether that business can continue to outpace the slowdown we’re seeing in U.S. pressure pumping and in electric power, can you just on which regions are driving the weakness that we saw year-to-date and what you expect to heading to the back half? Thanks.
Edward J. Rapp: And David, that’s why we try to give you some color as to why we saw ’13 being better. The other one to keep in mind on the CapEx is that in spite of the numbers that we reported today, which are an all-time record on both sales and profit, keep in mind that our traditionally strong markets U.S., Europe, and if you go back in history even Japan, are in the neighborhood of 40% off prior updates. And if at some point in time, those markets are going to turn. And when they turn, we want to be ready. And those places where we’re taking and slowing down some of that CapEx, China being one example. But we’re going through a business-by-business, industry-by-industry really looking at what the long-term prospects are going to be.
Edward J. Rapp: Henry, it’s – Cat Financial has been a competitive weapon since we launched it back in the 1980s. And the thing that we do with Cat Financial is, we stay very close to home. so it’s there to support and pursue the growth of the Caterpillar business. and if you think about the ‘08, ‘09 financial crisis and how well it performed, I think it shows the benefits of staying very close to home in terms of the way you manage your capital finance company. I think with the uncertainty that you have today in the financial markets having a capital finance company has become, I think even a bigger strategic advantage. I think the other place where we’re going to see it play out is the strategic advantages, drive the full integration of Bucyrus, is we’ll really be – the only full line provider in that mining industry and plus with the captive finance company, I think there’s a real strategic advantage there. But we’re not going to significantly alter our risk appetite. We think we manage that part of the company well, I think you’ll see us consistently manage it moving forward. But as you saw with the results, they had a good quarter, they’re a great part of the company.
Edward J. Rapp: Anne, if I was going to look out and net out all the acquisitions and all that and look out into 2013 type time frame, something around a three turns would be a place I’d fall.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Well, my comments earlier on broad-based housing recovery is relative. I mentioned that I was on the West Coast in California specifically, and I met with several contractors and all of them had for the first time in five years, a subdivision underway. And none of them were massive projects like we saw in the 2000. But it was fairly widespread in that subdivision here, a subdivision there in different areas of California. I was impressed with that but from a very, very small base. I’ve heard that elsewhere around the country as well. I think the housing statistic support that as we look at that. There is no question that rental market, the multifamily is booming I guess in some parts, and I – we can take advantage of that. I don’t really see our contractor base significantly kicking up orders based on housing probably until at least next year. If anything happens, it will be the transportation spending and some degree of clarity on that through the highway bill we just saw as opposed to the next two and half years, and I would say that, if we see it, when we see, it’d really be spring is too late in this construction season to get much underway. We’ll see it first in the rental market for sure, and depending on the prospects of the debt cliff and everything else in this country, and how that settles out this winter, that will impact the spring greatly. So I see a couple of those things coming together that could be positive and (inaudible) itself up as some of the politicians are threatening, I guess it would be negative.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: I want to just comment here a little bit on our inventory outlook, run rates, et cetera, going forward. And I will tell you that we are playing the game here on a world that grows maybe anemically, but grows between now and let’s call it the next 12 to 24 months, we are not playing for an implosion, we are not playing for a drop like we saw in ’08. The (inaudible) that we see based on the monetary conditions that exists right now and the easy money flows should loosen up the economies a year from now, what we’re seeing today is, are the effects and impact of pretty tight monetary policies a year ago. These things take time to wind through. We have only in our dreams arrive at an availability position that we have today where we can concentrate on market share and pricing, which we’re doing. I’m very reluctant to take too bold of a move on inventory in China, because we have seen this China show before many times in the last 25 years. We’ve seen it in terms of an absolute stop in demand for excavators and wheel loaders probably three times beside I’ve been watching China in my career maybe four. And within a year, we’ve seen a recovery sometimes blooming recovery and some just a nice recovery. We are in a position today where if we miss that and have insufficient inventory with an amount of competition we have there, we will be out of that game and it will be hard to get into a leadership position that we want. So we are watching China very carefully, there is no question we have too much inventory for today's run rate of sales, but again, I’m not at all convinced that a year from now or less or a little more, we’ll see China back on its feet as we have seen so many times in the past. And everybody can argue that this is different in China’s change and maybe it has, but I suspect there will be some amount of recovery, we will be in a position where we have availability and we can build pans in our distribution model that will work for us long-term. That’s not a dissimilar place where we are with PVCs. We arguably are a bit heavy everywhere today at the run rate, but we are in a position where we finally have availability that we build capacity around that we didn’t have in the last two recoveries around here. And certainly that’s been part of our strategy is to take market share with availability. Our quality levels are as good as we’ve ever seen them, our efficiency levels are as good as we’ve ever seen them. and we now have availability in the marketplace. We’re not playing for implosion, we’re playing for arguable growth maybe anemic, but as I said here today and we look at ‘13 as Ed said is almost got to be better on economic basis. GDP growth in the world, and that’s what we’re playing for. So well, yes we are watching inventory. Yes, I was very worried inventory turnover, we’re doing all we can with our supply chain and it is on the improving. we don't want to call this the wrong way with too little inventory and I would say, get stuck with too much, so it’s all hands on all levers everyday with inventory and run rate, we’ve got schedules in the third quarter that are very much reduced with maintenance shutdowns, with vacation shutdowns around the world and will manage production to sales that way as well. But inventory levels are important, if we believe the world is going to grow, which we do maybe anemically. I guess that would be my strength around all of that, which is a little late and I apologize for that. but it is something we’re managing, we're being very, very cautious and guarded with both on the upside and the downside when it comes to working capital specifically inventory.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: You got a lot of there Jamie; let me take the CapEx one right off the bat. We are on track to get close to $4 billion, but I will tell you also that each of our groups whether it’s construction or resource, or our aftermarket business are looking at that very carefully. We’ve significantly, I’d say delayed. Some of our plants and most of our plants in China for the time being as a result of that market to see how that’s sorts out. We have an aftermarket distribution business that is very antiquated that needs upgraded. And most of the CapEx you can argue is capacity related, but I would also equally argue that it’s cost reduction related, all of the Victoria, Texas excavator plant, small dozer plant in Georgia that we’re expanding to bring production back here. Those are cost reduction activities as well. Again, we’re playing for growth albeit slight growth. And significant cut backs in CapEx would only hinder us in ’14, ’15, you may have to do it. Sure as I’m sitting here today, if something happens on a macro scale between now and year-end and we have to take actions. We will and we will do it. But right now, we are planning for some kind of growth in the next 12 months to 24 months. That’s kind of around the CapEx, that’s kind of around the inventory questions. I think there is no question that builders are gaining confidence and our ability to supply equipment and our PVCs are at optimum levels. Hopefully that model will work. They will carry less, we will carry more, the chain takes cost out. That’s what we are seeing, but again depending on if we see growth, we’ll have to adjust that model, I forgot what you had in the middle in there Jamie.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: I know it’s a little cheap at $82, but having said that we have a balance sheet today with debt-to-debt and cap at 40 and net debt position when we consider our cash and securities at somewhere around 34, 35, and I want to be sure that as we go forward in this very uncertain world, although I have painted it somewhat rosy with anemic growth. Then we have a bulletproof rock solid balance sheet that we never have to worry about our credit rating or dividend, which I don’t think we do. Share repurchase is not on our radar screen today, it’s the last of our priorities. I have said before, I think I’ve said to all of you that I hope in my career, which has a few years to go, I can buy one share back, but right now, we’ve got other priorities and I think we are investing them wisely.Jamie L. Cook – Credit Suisse: Okay. Great, thanks. I’ll get back in queue.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Yeah. We’ll put some definition around that and beside that our synergies plan and the business case is ahead of schedule as of today. And we’ll talk, we’ll get into some detail on that in the September for sure.Robert Mccarthy – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: We’ll look forward to that. Thanks Dough.
