James Umpleby: Well, thanks, Jamie. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we expect our operating profit margin -- adjusted operating profit margin to be close to the top of the targeted range for the year. We will look at our ranges at the end of the year and make an assessment as to what makes sense when moving forward from there. As we look forward to next year, and you mentioned some of the dynamics that are going on, we're closely monitoring economic conditions, but we do feel good about the business. But as I'm sure you know, we're not going to make a '24 prediction at this point.
James Umpleby: Well, thank you, David. And certainly, our backlog does remain healthy. We didn't have a dramatic change quarter-to-quarter. It was up modestly. And of course, backlog includes, of course, everything for Energy & Transportation, Resource Industries and also CI. For the Energy & Transportation and RI projects that are in that backlog, those are typically tied to firm customer orders. Solar has cancellation charge schedules. And so again, we feel good about the quality of the backlog. In terms of price for next year, as is always the case, we'll assess market conditions. We look at our input costs, and we'll make a call on that later in the year, but it's a bit too early to really predict that.
James Umpleby: Good morning, Rob. Thanks for your question. So certainly, we are still seeing supply chain challenges. As I mentioned earlier, there is an overall improvement but it only takes one part to prevent us from shipping a machine or engine. And so we're still dealing with supply chain constraints around large engines, which impact both E&T and machines. And we also have some issues with things like semiconductors for displays that are impacting other machines as well. So to answer your question, our inventory, quite frankly, is a bit higher than I would like. And I do expect over time, as supply chain conditions improve, that we will be able to be more lean and improve our turns. So the good news is that even with our factory is not running as lean as we would like and having a bit more inventory internally than we would like, we still of course, produced very strong cash in the quarter. So I won't quantify how much cash could come out of inventory. But certainly, if in fact, we were -- when we get back to pre-pandemic levels in the supply chain, we should be able to free up some additional cash.
James Umpleby: Thanks, Rob. And certainly, I'm very proud of the team and the strong performance that we're producing. We -- as you know, we put out a new strategy in 2017, and we asked people to have faith in our ability to produce higher operating profit margins and higher and more consistent free cash flow, and I'm really pleased that the team has been able to achieve that. We always have areas that we can do better. I mean, I talked about the fact that we're not as lean as I would like us to be in our manufacturing operations. We're doing a good job growing services, but I always want to grow it faster. So there's always things we can do a better job. But again, just I'm very proud of the team and the fact that we have been able to meet the targets that we set out to our investors a few years ago.
James Umpleby: And maybe just one additional comment there. Honestly, some customers are waiting longer for products than I would like. And so backlog is a function, of course, of demand, but it's also a function of our ability to ship. So as in fact, supply chain conditions ease and we're able to ship more quickly, customers shouldn't have to wait as long for certain products, which should bring our backlog down. So again, a declining backlog wouldn't be a bad thing if, in fact, it's the result of our ability to shorten lead times and improve availability.
James Umpleby: Yes, we have seen a bit of slowing in Europe, as I mentioned, but Middle East is quite strong. So it's a mixed bag there. So we're seeing a lot of strong construction activity in the Middle East, a lot of nonresidential construction projects going on but we have -- we are seeing a bit of weakness in Europe around construction.
James Umpleby: Yes. As I mentioned, because we do have some supply chain constraints, overall, the situation has improved, there's no question. But it's like we've gone to six pages of shortages for certain machine. It's down to one page, that's an improvement, but you still have some shortages that you have to deal with and has not allowed us to operate our factories as lean as we have in the past and as lean as I would like them. So again, I do expect that as supply chain conditions ease in the future, we should be able to get back to running our factories with more just-in-time manufacturing, leaner, which should help us reduce -- increase inventory turns and reduce the amount of absolute inventory we hold based on a current level of sales. So an opportunity to answer your question.
James Umpleby: Maybe just to start with overall. So certainly, the services sales were up year-over-year, and we have seen fluctuations in dealer buying patterns, which impacts volumes. Services, dealer sales to customers were up in the quarter, and availability has improved. So our ability to ship parts to our dealers has improved, and that has had an impact on it as well. So again, not concerned about it, but it really is just a function of as our availability improves, dealers oftentimes conclude they're able to held a bit less inventory, which will have an impact.
James Umpleby: Well, Steven, we're certainly not dependent upon rig counts to drive oil and gas. It's just one element of the -- one of the applications that we sell into. So as I mentioned earlier, we are encouraged by the strong demand that continues for gas compression for Cat-branded reset engines. That's quite positive. We have seen a bit of slowing in well servicing, but that's expected to increase again based on most analyst views over the coming months. Solar continues to have quite robust sales into a number of oil and gas applications, including gas compression, but also offshore platforms and international business as well. So again, at this point, oil and gas certainly looks strong. And in some areas, we're quite bullish on what we see moving forward.
James Umpleby: Yes. So price realization was about in line with our expectations. And certainly, as we look at price, the price we realize is a function of a whole variety of things. You mentioned mix, but a lot of it has to do with, of course, the competitive situation that we and our dealers are facing in a particular market. So we saw significant increases in price in the second half of last year, and that will lap in the second half of 2023, but we still expect to benefit from positive price in the second half, but it will moderate and certainly understandable based on that -- again, those strong price increases in the second half of last year. And as always, we'll continue to monitor the global price environment, and we'll determine if actions need to be taken.
James Umpleby: Just to expand upon the answer, we talked earlier about the fact that there is enough excavator dealer inventory out there. So we certainly would expect to produce less excavators, as an example, in the next six months. And we also mentioned the fact that we're going to have some changeover regions in some of our BCP products where we're switching to Cat engines, which is certainly the right thing to do for the long time and growing services. But that will have an impact on production as well during the last six months of the year. But keep in mind that we have said, we now expect to be close to the top of our targeted range for adjusted operating profit margin. So that all goes into the mix.
James Umpleby: Yes. Thanks for your question. I'm going to try to avoid a baseball analogy here. But as I mentioned earlier, we are starting to see some benefit of the numerous infrastructure bills that have passed. Some of that is coming from the states. But as you can imagine, permitting takes time for a number of projects. And it's, as you can imagine, very difficult to judge exactly how long that permitting process will take and how this will play out. But I do expect it to last for some time. Difficult for me to estimate, all right, what will the acceleration be in a six-month or one-year period. But again, it's a very positive thing for us, and it's a positive thing for our customers that we have these projects coming down the pipe.
James Umpleby: Yes. As we said, our intent is to return substantially all of our ME&T free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases over time. We do maintain a healthy balance sheet for a whole variety of reasons. When we went into COVID in 2020, I was very pleased that we had a strong balance sheet. We also have increased our dividend since we introduced our new capital allocation strategy. In May of 2019, we've increased the dividend per share by 51% since that period of time. So again, we're proud of our Aristocrat status. So certainly wouldn't be surprised. It's a Board decision, but if we continue to increase our dividend and continue to share repurchases as well.
James Umpleby: Well, thank you. Thank you, Jerry. And certainly, as we've talked about many times, mining is kind of a lumpy business quarter-to-quarter. And our mining customers are remaining capital disciplined. What we've talked about for some time is what we expect is a gradual increase over time in our mining business, and that's certainly the way it's played out. Certainly, at the moment, large truck sales, our activity, that activity is robust. That quotation activity is quite robust, and some other products, not quite as strong. But again, just based on what we see required in terms of commodity production increases to support the energy transition. We feel very good about that business. We do believe quite strongly that we have the best autonomous mining solutions. We now have about 600 autonomous trucks in operation around the world. And one of the great things that's happened is that we've been able to reduce the cost such that now, a smaller mine can make a capital investment to put autonomy. And so when we're talking to miners now, autonomy is almost always part of that discussion. We're down to about 12 to 14 trucks. But mine is about 12 to 14 trucks. It could pencil to put autonomy, and we've actually seen mines adapt autonomy with that low number of trucks. So we're quite bullish about what we see coming in again, and we're leveraging that autonomous solutions, whether it's in iron ore, copper, gold, oilsands, a whole variety of applications. But again, we're certainly long-term bullish about that business. All right. Well -- so if I can, I'd like to thank you all for joining us, and we certainly appreciate your questions. Again, I want to thank our global team one more time for just an outstanding quarter. And to reiterate, based on our strong operating performance due to the strong results that we achieved in the second quarter, we now believe that 2023 will be even better than we had previously anticipated during our last earnings call. That includes higher full-year expectations for adjusted operating profit margin, ME&T free cash flow, which again, reflects that continuing healthy customer demand and our performance. Please stay safe. Thanks for your interest.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So at that time, Michael, and thanks for the question, obviously, we were in a situation where actually demand was reducing when we did see those inventory reductions from dealers. And what that did mean, obviously, was the production levels were declining much more rapidly, which impacted overall, both leverage as well as absorption. As we look it out over this period of time, we are still seeing healthy demand as we've indicated. We actually still expect positive sales to users in the second half of the year. What that does mean is when we are making modest inventory adjustments and dealers are making modest inventory adjustments, we are able to absorb that a little bit better than we have done historically. The whole point about all of this is, just to remind everybody, we're around the midpoint of the range. We are actually being proactive with our dealers, particularly around things like excavators, where there's a little bit better availability to actually help them reduce inventory at a time when actually demand remains very strong out there in the market.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So if you actually take the view that we expect retail sales to continue to grow in the second half, we're not giving a prediction as to whether they'll accelerate or decelerate. That's all we're going to be saying about that. But just a point is actually, with a deal inventory reduction and with actually increased retail sales, the levels of inventory that actually dealers hold on a month basis actually would decline by the end of the year. That's how the math works.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So there are a couple of factors. Obviously, price does have some impact overall. And that was probably the major impact on the increase for the quarter. Obviously, volumes fluctuate by quarter by quarter and depend on availability. But overall, we're pleased that the backlog is holding at healthy levels.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So when we talk about it -- I mean, obviously, we don't break down what dealers take the orders for between retail and stock in CI. A significant proportion of the purchases they make are based on customer orders, particularly if there is a degree of customization that is needed. And there will be somewhere once the machine has actually been delivered to the dealer, they will have a number of things or attachments put on, which will impact the timing of commissioning. So there's a little bit of commissioning within CI, but obviously, it's nowhere near around the 70% plus that we talked about for E&T and for Resource Industries. What we are seeing, as I indicated, is there are patches, particularly in BCP and earthmoving, where dealers are constrained and actually would like to have more inventory available to them, and that impacts their orders. So obviously, orders in those segments are -- those divisions are much stronger. Obviously, with excavators, and excavator as an impact of what's happening, particularly, say, for example, in China, where obviously demand is reduced, that means we have more availability. And dealers would like to decrease their inventory of excavators accordingly. So it's a bit of a mixed pattern. But as I say, we only have 3.5 months of inventory on hand, and that percentage will actually decrease around by the time we get to the year end.
Andrew Bonfield: And just, Kristen, just to add on. Just if you recall last year, price continues to improve from the third to the fourth quarter. So you probably should see the reverse of that this year, which will -- price will be slightly stronger than the third versus the fourth.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So first of all on this, obviously, production level, as we've indicated from beginning of the year, last year, we did see, if you remember, production was rising throughout the whole year as we went through the year as the supply chain started to improve. That, particularly in construction, will be slightly different this year. And that obviously, we will see some headwind as we do see some dealer inventory reduction in the second half. We are already making production adjustments as we move on. That's part of the business. We do that day in, day out. And those will continue, and there will be some impact in the second half of the year. But overall, we still expect positive revenues through that period of time for Caterpillar as a whole. Talking about manufacturing costs. Yes, manufacturing costs will decrease, but obviously price benefit will reduce as well. So the net of the two will mean we won't see quite that margin improvement that we did see as we went through the last four quarters. So yes, we still expect price to offset manufacturing costs in the second half of the year, but they won't that will reduce so will price as well. So no real benefits to margins as we get through the remainder of the year.
Andrew Bonfield: No. I think that definitely, we would expect a step down in margins in the fourth quarter in both, particularly in Construction as is the normal seasonal trend. It does tend to be the lower production period. Also we may, again just as Jim mentioned, we will have the impact of the BCP changeover, which will impact us slightly more stronger in the fourth quarter. So there will be some impact as we move through the first quarter.
