Jim Umpleby: Yes. Rob, we have seen some positive impact of those infrastructure dollars start to flow. The projects that don’t require a lot of permitting, things like of reservicing roads, that kind of activity has already started, and we’re seeing a positive benefit of that. And one of the things, of course, when customers believe there’s a pipeline of projects coming, they’re more likely typically to make that capital investment to make a purchase of a piece of new equipment. But yes, it has started, and we expect it to continue for some time.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So certainly, one of the things we’ve done is worked hard on our S&OP process over the last few years to really minimize the impact of that kind of an issue. Firstly, to keep in mind, the way we are – the market is positioned now, we have strong sales to users, and we feel good about the underlying demand in our end markets. So, I’ll start with that. During a period of supply constraints, which really has occurred because of all the issues you’re aware of during the last few years, it’s not unusual for us to have dealers ordering a bit more, and they couldn’t really get the kind of dealer inventory that they would like to have. They’ve been able with some easing in supply chain, although we still have periods – areas of real constraint. They have been able to start to increase dealer inventory. Having said that, we have talked about the fact that we expect dealer inventory to end the year about flat as to where it ended in 2022 and expect a slight decrease during the year. But again, with our S&OP process, the way we look at that now, the way we work with our dealers, we’re comfortable in that process that we’ve really improved it.
Jim Umpleby: And dealer inventory is within a typical range of three to four months, and again we have strong market conditions.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. Certainly, Jamie. First to answer your first question on backlog, we are encouraged by the very strong backlog that we had, it's flat compared to last quarter, but it's at a very healthy level. Again, we have a healthy level of demand as well. As I mentioned earlier, our – some supply chain constraints have started to ease. And when, in fact availability improves, dealers often wait a bit longer to place orders for new equipment and that is part of what happens. But again, oil and gas is strong. We have, like I mentioned earlier that our Solar Turbines business is strong, Cat Oil and Gas is strong. But again, we feel good about the market conditions, and the backlog reflects that.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. It is still too early to certainly predict 2024. As I mentioned, because availability is improving that gives dealers the opportunity for some products to wait a bit longer when they place their orders, and that's not the case for every product. But it is too early to really make a call on 2024.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. Of course, as we serve a variety of industries and there's – it's not a one size fits all. So we look very carefully at the market conditions and the competitive situation for each product that we sell into the various markets that we have. Certainly, in some areas product is still constrained, and it's still quite challenging to get product. And in others, as we mentioned like an excavation, there is more availability. So that has an impact as well. But really what we do is, as you can imagine, look at – we always take into account our cost inputs, and then we look at the competitive situation for each product in each market and we make a decision based on that.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So we talk a lot about non-residential, and we've talked about the fact that we are quite encouraged by legislation that has passed, whether it's IIJA, the Chips Act the IRA. So again, looking at that activity that's being supported by that legislation, we feel good about residential in North America. One of the things we wanted to do was because there had been a lot of commentary, frankly about commercial real estate, we wanted to just clarify that it's a very small portion of CI because it seems to be getting a lot more play than it deserved, quite frankly.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So lead times – so because of easing supply chain constraints in some areas, lead times have improved. We still really have challenges in certain areas. Earthmoving is a great example. We have challenges around availability and lead times around some BCP products as well. Excavation, as I mentioned earlier has in fact eased, but we are making some changes in factory – changes in the second half. Actually we're going from a third-party engine to a Caterpillar engine and some products. So as we make that change over, that will in fact, have a bit of an impact on production. And it's obviously temporary, and it's a positive thing for us long term to get our own engines in those products. So we'll be making that change later in the year.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. I don't believe that's the case. And again, as I mentioned as availability improves and lead times decrease due to easing supply chain challenges, it's not unusual. And as we looked in the past, it's not unusual for dealers to – they can wait longer to place orders, and they need a bit less in inventory because we can respond more quickly. So it's not surprising to have that happen.
Jim Umpleby: And again, when we can respond more quickly to dealer orders. The dealers feel comfortable holding a bit less inventory.
Jim Umpleby: No, what we have not seen any major cancellations, and we feel quite good about the quality of the backlog that we have. Of course, much of it is for solar turbines, for oil and gas, for mining. So again, we feel quite good about the quality of that backlog, and we haven't seen major cancellations.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So certainly, we've had a number of requests from many of our mining customers, and NMG is one of them to help them decarbonize their operations. And so we are working with NMG specifically to help to provide battery car machines to allow them to execute that project. So again, it's a collaborative process. We're working closely with them. We're working through commercial issues with them. But again, we feel quite good about where we are. We demonstrated in November to a number of our customers a fully loaded battery-powered – large mining truck operating in diesel power performance in terms of speed, fully loaded – on the flat going up the hill. So again, we feel good about where we are. But it is a process. So it's a multiyear process that working with our customers.
Jim Umpleby: Well, we sell industrial engines for a whole variety of applications, not just the other construction equipment. So part of it is power gen, and we sell industrial engines to drive everything from cement mixers. It's a whole variety of applications. So again, a lot of strength there. The business is doing quite well. There's a lot of momentum. In terms of power generation, we provide generator sets for a whole variety of applications. Data centers is one of them, and we've highlighted data centers because it has been quite strong over the last few years. And if we look forward, we feel good about that continuing. Just thinking about AI, thinking about the cloud, thinking about all of the data center users, we feel good about that. But we provide gen sets for a whole variety of applications. But the one that is really driving a lot of the growth at the moment is data centers, which is why we highlighted it.
Jim Umpleby: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us. We appreciate your questions. We are proud of our team's performance in the first quarter. And as we mentioned earlier, we believe that 2023 will be even better than we had previously anticipated on both the top and bottom line due to the healthy demand across our end markets, and we remain focused on executing our strategy and continuing to invest for the long-term. Again, thank you for joining us.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So Tami, to be clear, and I realized as we were saying it, they could be interpreted in two ways. One, which is could it be the 10% to 21% range. No, that is not what we’re referring to. If you remember, we have a range of a 3% range based on different levels of sales revenues – and revenues. That is where we’re talking about. So for example, if you’re assuming a certain level of revenues, if you remember the graph we produced, we’ve given you that will show a margin range. We expect to be in the top half of that 3% range at that level of sales revenues for the year.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. And let me just add, because, obviously, one of the concerns – we talk about dealer inventory in terms of the global dealer inventory number where we talk about the three months to four months. There are some areas with some products, which are actually below the bottom end of that range. And so we do not see at this stage anywhere apart from potentially with excavation where there is actually any level of stocking, which even gets close to the top end of that range. So it’s really – you have to look at it product by product. And again, just to remind you that last year’s build in dealer inventory, 60% of that related to RI and to Energy & Transportation, of which 70% of that – more than 70% of that is covered by firm customer orders. This is – I think, with respect a little bit misunderstood by the market. We are not in a situation where we are allowing or expecting dealer inventory to become a headwind for us at any time in the next few quarters.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. And again, just to add to that before talking about margins, just a reminder, backlog is one of the metrics we look at – to look at where we think about demand as the demand signal. It really does often reflect availability from the – and therefore, often there's one part of that equation. Other things we look at is STUs order rates and also our conversations with dealers, which give us optimism rather than just purely focusing on the backlog per se. With regards to margins, as we said in the second half you would normally see, we're probably returning more to a more typical pattern within construction. We didn't expect that. If you remember last in January, we didn't expect to see the normal increase from the fourth quarter to the first. We did. We would not expect to see the normal pattern of margins being declining as we go through the year. That's a function of production. Obviously, as the year progresses, we produce less, which impacts on absorption in particular and also factory efficiencies. Within RI, that tends to bounce around a little bit more and obviously is impacted by the level of sales and revenues. And in E&T, we expect margins actually will progress as we go through the year as per the normal pattern.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So just to clarify, David, obviously versus last year where we saw an increase. So remind you there's a $700 million increase in both the third and the fourth quarter. We would expect to decrease this year. Yes, it's not unseasonable, but it is a decrease versus the year-over-year. So just that does create a gap between overall, so that's part of the reason we're just highlighting it now just to remind everybody.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. And sorry, just I want to clarify one point that I responded to the question, but yes, there will be dealer inventory destocking occurring in the second half of the year, but it will not impact us. We will still see positive sales momentum in those quarters. So it does not have an impact where it takes us down year-over-year at any point in time in the next few quarters. Just to clarify that.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. Back to the comment numbers I said to David earlier, we did have inventory builds in the third and fourth quarters of last year. So you're running against a comparator, which has a build versus a decrease. So year-over-year that does impact what would be the normal seasonal pattern. Obviously, other factors coming to that price and also what underlying volume demand is, but that will have an impact on our reported sales in those quarters. So we're just highlighting that, so that as you think about the models, you don't build the normal seasonable pattern into those models as you look out for the next several quarters.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. And also, if you recall, we've talked about the new sales and operations planning process and one of the things we're trying to avoid through that process is dealers holding more inventory than is really necessary. They are independent businesses. They make their own decisions of our inventory, but we try to work with them to avoid any overstocking, which then has an impact when we later on where you have to destock. So we're trying just to be more proactive in that regard than we have been historically.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So obviously, some of our assumptions are that we do not expect the absorption impact to continue. And obviously, yes some of that will reverse as we move our product out of the plant into the dealer channel, and that's forecasted within our expectations for margins as we go through the remainder of the year. The other factor, obviously, to take into account is the potential benefit to cash flow. As we've said, we did see a very strong free cash flow in the first quarter, despite an increase in Caterpillar inventory. Obviously, over time, we expect, as the supply chain improves, to start working that inventory down and start to see a full benefit of that from a cash perspective and converting that back into cash. So that is part of the reason why we're expecting obviously strong cash flow as we go through the remainder of the year.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So Mig, its Andrew. Let me just try and reiterate again what we do within our sales and operations planning process is we work closely with the dealers to understand what the level of orders. We use machine learning to try and understand what we think the actual real order rate is based on customer demand versus speculative demand. So one of the things that does do is we obviously don't accept orders for what we would call speculative demand. That helps us try to manage production. Obviously, the focus for us is to manage production as smoothly as possible over time because that's the most efficient and effective way of doing it. Obviously, as we think about the remainder of the year, and we're looking at inventory and we're looking at the outlook for the year, just to remind you, we still expect end-user demand to be positive for the remainder of the year. So that will impact us to actually make – that we will continue to actually probably still be ramping production for the remainder of the year, even though we do take Macy [ph], a small reduction – relatively small reduction in dealer inventory over the next couple of quarters. We're just trying to highlight that to you as a result of the fact that it will impact reported results for some of the individual segments. And this basically, overall, as we also said, we are not necessarily at the bottom end of the range for all products and all categories. So there still will be areas where we are still trying to ramp up production. For example, large engines is an area where we're still constrained. That obviously is an area where we will still be ramping up production, rather than adjusting production in any other way.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. Obviously, it's way too early to see any impact yet from any tightening credit conditions within the regional banks. But obviously, our expectation is that, that may have an impact. We tend to vary. It can probably be between 5% and 10% of machines financed that we could add in times where we are more competitive from a financing perspective with regional banks. So that's probably – we're probably at the lower end of our normal range at the moment. So we could add 5% to 10% of machines without any problem whatsoever from a capacity perspective, which would be very strong for us and very positive at Cat Financial.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you. First, just a clarification. When you speak to the second half of dealer inventory destocking, I know it moves around a bit year-to-year, but isn't the historical pattern that the dealers do take inventory down in the second half of the year, roughly about $1 billion? Just making sure I understand the commentary that it's a destock versus there's some normal seasonality to it. I know you [indiscernible] excavators, if that really might be a destock. I know it's really hard to get dozers right now to Brazil. So I'm just trying to understand, is it a destock or is it sort of normal seasonality first, but then I have a different question. It's a clarification on that.
David Raso: Yes. Okay. I just want to make sure there wasn't something unique the behavioral pattern is to take it down in the second half, but...
David Raso: Real simple question, 2024, I know lead times in some areas are getting better, some are still challenged. But it does appear the dealers are willing to order a little earlier for next year than a normal at this time of the year ordering for next year. Just any early signs you have on order books for 2024, I think would be very helpful? Thank you.
