Mike DeWalt: Jamie, this is Mike. I'll start then I'll let Ed and Doug chime in if they'd like to. Well, I'll just start with your second question first. We're going to really try, since we didn't provide profit guidance this morning, we're really in the process right now of working on our plans, so we're going to try to avoid giving profit guidance here this morning for next year. In terms of the first part of your question, if you look at the sales increase next year, we still have a pretty weak recovery going in the developed world. I mean, it's improving but those percentage increases are off pretty low levels. Also, I would say most of the increase next year is more heavily skewed to machines. Engines have been a little bit later cycle. Oil and gas had been good, but it's slowed down. You can see our retail statistics for today, oil and gas has flattened out. The engine increase over the last few months even versus last year is up 5%. Marine is continuing on the downside. So I think most of the increase next year is going to be probably related to machines, and again, we have modest economic growth built in to the U.S.
Mike DeWalt: Probably the only thing that you can glean from what we've said already is, that it'll be probably be a bit more machine-centric than engine-centric. And you can see that in the way the retail numbers are shaping up now.
Mike DeWalt: I'll give you a comment and a correction. We did say in the release that we expected price realization less than a 1% next year. So it was a little bit high. Yes and I know it's a long release to get through. And on dealer inventory, it's a little bit at this point tough to be exactly precise. We are ramping up Lane inventory. We're a little bit out of the historic patterns now that we're using the Lane inventory. We added the Lane inventory in the quarter actually by about 50% performance out of Lane improved. So I think, a little more time needs to pass before we're actually ready to talk about a forecast for dealer inventory next year, because we're in a little bit of uncharted territory. Again, that said, it did go up about $100 million in the third quarter. The months of supply is pretty weak. So I think there's no doubt that it's going to go up it's just I think to what degree.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, this is Mike. I mean, we only have 30 minutes left for this call so I'll try to be brief with that. But Cat Production System is pervasive throughout the factory. It's all about building to schedule, for example, and our ability to actually build to our schedule has just improved dramatically. I saw the statistics over the last couple of days where our performance has gone -- of the amount that we've missed, the performance has gone down by about 3/4 in terms of missing builds. So working with the supply chain, all the discipline around standard work has helped a lot in meeting production schedules and that helps efficiency. Lane strategy has helped as well. We're producing a higher percentage of what we're doing are more standard products, which helps efficiency. So I think it's not just one thing, it's a combination of all the work on the supply chain, the standard work in the factory, Lane strategy, all kind of working together, to simplify. I would also be remiss if I didn't say a healthy increase in volume helps as well.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, I'll just talk about some of the things that we've already talked about. I mean, we did put in this morning's release that we do expect some, although modest to our price increase next year. The sales volume is pretty good. The mix, though, I kind of talked about a little earlier, the growth in sales has been more centered around machines than Engines, so I think from a mix standpoint, you'd have to say that does not look very positive for next year. The flipside of that though is machine margins have been improving a lot. They're well below where we were in the last cycle, and so there's, I think, there's certainly a lot more room for improvement there. Beyond that and we've not talked yet about efficiency or cost reduction, material costs, and that's not because we're trying to send a negative signal, we're just still in the process of working all those resource plans.
Mike DeWalt: On rental, I kind of read off a few of these stats earlier, but rental utilization is up. I mean dealer in fleet size for rental is still very, very low. I mean, if you look at a graph of it, it looks like you can pick a sled down the hill and then just take a little tiny jump off the bottom. And ages have gone up dramatically over the past three or four years and remained elevated. So I think there's still a lot of work to do with rental fleets.
Mike DeWalt: Well, I think one of the things with engines that's really changed in price realization, really from the first half of the year is, last year, in the middle of the year, particularly on the bigger engines, despite the fact that it was a tough year, we did a mid-year price increase so we've lapped that now. So it's in sort of the base period in comparison, if you will. So the machine price realization isn't maybe as high as it was earlier. In terms of machine price realization, I think honestly we've been pleasantly surprised as we've gone through the year. As you know, we started out the year with an outlook of machine – of price realization being up less than a point. Then at the end of the second quarter, we said about 1%, and it's been more than that all year long. Effectively, the merchandising programs required to sell the product, I mean, of all kinds, have been less than we thought. We've not taken any price increases per se. Generally, we do that most of the time just in January. Every once in a while, we do a mid-year. We didn't do that this year. So I think just in general, we've been, I'd say positively surprised on price all year long.
Mike DeWalt: Jerry, I'm going to jump in on that. We are new at Lane this year, really, and I think that we need to get a little bit more history under our belt. And I think with dealer inventory, that will probably play out over the next year or so, as the program becomes more mature. So probably about a year from now it'd be a better time to talk about that.
Mike DeWalt: Well, I guess I would say this, if you look at where we came off of '08, dealer inventory declined almost, not quite, close to 50% from the end of '08 to the end of '09, actually, the high-40s. And it's stayed pretty flat to this year. That was a $3.5 billion inventory decline between '08 and '09. I can tell you that our approaching $50 billion next year does not have us back to '08 volume levels for kind of machine units. Remember, it has things like EMD in it, so it's not the same. Also, if you go back to the $51 billion that we had in '08, we only had Cat in Japan in for a quarter that year. So kind of the real underlying number with the companies that we have now was higher. So we're not back to that '08 level yet. We don't expect in this preliminary outlook this morning to be back to that '08 machine level in 2008 as yet. So with not giving any numbers on dealer inventory, but I would certainly think that we're not going to be back to the '08 volumes, plus we have Lane so we're not looking for that magnitude of an increase.
Mike DeWalt: I'll start with that one. Capacity, unfortunately, is not fungible. It kind of depends upon what product you're selling. If you look at big engines, for example, right now, out of Lafayette, it improved a lot since the depth of the recession. But as we talked about earlier, and if you look in today's retail sales, oil and gas is flattened out. So for products like that, we probably have a lot more capacity than we would need for next year. For mining product, on the other hand, we'll be capacity constrained probably throughout 2011. I mean, business there is very good to the point that you made earlier, we are investing in capacity increases. We talked about that for mining trucks in India and mining trucks in the U.S. We talked about investing in shovels, although that's not from a sales standpoint next year. So I think the answer is, we wouldn't have put out a guidance for next year approaching $50 billion and sort of a summary answer, we wouldn't have said that if we didn't think we could make it, number one; and number 2, how much capacity we have and how much more we can do, I think, it really depends a lot on what we're actually selling. There are a lot of products right now where volumes are still very depressed. You look at compact products, really small stuff, it's improved, but still way off the peak. So we have a lot of capacity there. So it just really depends a lot on the product. I know that sounds like a bit of a non-answer, but it's just not -- we're not like a refinery, it's not uniform capacity.
Mike DeWalt: Just one more comment on that. In terms of going from sort of middle of this year's guidance $41.5 billion, something approaching $50 billion, the point that we made earlier, we're already -- our second half of the year is operating at around $46 billion. We have announced capacity increases that should help next year. We talked about being able to produce more excavators in China, more mining product, for example, so some of the things that we did announce earlier this year should help next year and we are currently doing better than the full year average. So the -- as was brought up earlier, the increase isn't maybe as dramatic as looking at $50 billion versus $41.5 billion. In terms of employment, even there, and again, I'm sorry if this sounds like a non-answer, but when you're looking at the production capability of employment, you got to look at not only our full times, we have a very large flexible workforce that we had actually going into the last downturn, which really allowed us to shed costs quickly. So you really have to add that to the employment number. There are also things like overtime that impact your kind of productive capacity out of people. So it in of itself is also not a perfect indicator. What I would tell you is, and we've said this a couple of times today, our labor productivity has improved a lot this year and that's been very good. We expected that from CPS and frankly, we would expect improvements to continue.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, I'll try to answer as much of that as I can with what we're public with. Next year, we have invested and are investing in both Decatur and India. We do expect production levels for mining to be up next year. I would say that between the third and the fourth quarter, we're kind of running up against it, so I don't think you'll see much dramatic change in mining between Q3 and Q4. If you look at our total top line, excluding EMD -- in total top line, not mining specific, but it's not all that dissimilar than the third quarter and I would say mining probably fits in that boat.
Mike DeWalt: We didn't give that. All I was really trying to say is I think the fourth quarter is probably not going to be dramatically different than the third quarter. But based on the improvements that we've put in place, the investment that we're making, we would expect that production levels, as we go through next year, would improve.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, we weren't specific at all with that in the release, but what I would call back to is, this year, for I think all of us as we got into 2010, surprised a little on the upside. Solar took in some big orders very early in the year that helped them and those were from a couple of customers. And those they were able to do because they had capacity. Remember, they've been at capacity on the back of a very strong oil and gas business for the last four years, and the last three have been records. So I wouldn't look for more increases in Solar or at least I wouldn't -- I'm trying to be careful here because we haven't provided specific guidance on it. But yes, I wouldn't look for a big change in Solar up next year.
Mike DeWalt: Customer advances would not just be Solar, but they're certainly a big piece of that. And again, we didn't provide any specific guidance this morning around Solar, so I'm just going to not push that one any further.
Mike DeWalt: The second part of your question, in some ways, probably the more important part as we've been ramping up production. Where we have seen a little bit of inventory increase this year has been in Latin America and Asia, but again, it's been pretty small even there. And again, I think it's related to production, it's related to Lane strategy. I think probably truth be told, next year, if it plays out the way we think, dealers in all regions will probably want to add more. I think if you look at the historic averages, the months of supply are below in all regions today. So I think it'll be fairly pervasive.
Mike DeWalt: I'll talk a little bit in broad trends, kind of things that we've already talked about. Electric power is probably doing -- and industrial -- are probably doing the best of the four engine end markets. Then you can see from the retail sales today, the Marine is very late cycle and that's going down. That will probably be a negative next year. Oil and gas is actually pretty flat, if memory serves me, I think it was around 1% over the last few months. So I think in engines, the trend that you're seeing is relative strength in electric power, industrial, late cycle weakness in marine, particularly the really big ocean going kind of marine, in a more neutral oil and gas kind of business. That's what the trend that you're seeing right now. In terms of machines, again we didn't provide a lot of detail. I think probably most types of machines will be up next year. The parts of the business that are probably the least capacity constrained and the lowest in terms of how they're doing versus the last cycle would be the smaller equipment. So I think to some degree, there's probably the biggest scope for improvement there, they're very depressed as you can see in a lot of the residential and commercial construction markets, there's not a lot of business there right now. I know I wasn't very helpful, probably with that answer, but again, we've not provided a lot of detail on the kind of the breakdown of 2011. It's a preliminary guidance, again we're not trying to be overly cagey with it. We're still a few months from next year, we're still working on our plan and we don't normally provide a lot of detail at this time.
Mike DeWalt: I'm probably going to disappoint you on this answer as well but again we can't talk about profitability much at all related to next year. Yes again, we're still –
Mike DeWalt: Well, if you look at what's implied for the fourth quarter, we have in the $3.90 we're $2.68 year-to-date. So that would imply $1.22 or similar profit in the fourth quarter to what we had in the third quarter. And again, we've never really provided that separate guidance by product category. So I'll let you estimate what happened there.
Mike DeWalt: For people listening on the call too, I'll make a comment. We do have a Q&A in the back of our release that talks a little bit more about Tier 4. But essentially, it's in the U.S. Tier 4, Europe Stage IIIB; it's for product for the most part in those regions above 165-horsepower this year, below 165-horsepower in 2012. So you're right, a lot of the product, particularly the smaller product's not going to be affected this year, it will be next year. From an engine standpoint, it would affect also product in those kind of size ranges in the U.S. and Europe, except for emergency power or backup power and emergency and backup power is most of what we do. So you're right to say that a lot of the product will be affected in the year and the larger product in the U.S., in Europe, but you won't see it all change on January 1. You have the ability to take some flex credits and delay some of the introductions. So I think it's probably going to be a little bit less of a giant January 1 shotgun start. It'll be more of a phase in I think as you go through the year. And to your point, it doesn't affect all our service related businesses. It doesn't affect most of our engine business, it doesn't affect small machines, it doesn't affect Latin America or Asia or Middle East or the CIS. So it is probably a bit more of a muted impact from the total company than most people might think.
Mike DeWalt: That's a great question. As you look for leading indicators on new equipment demand, you look at rental fleet utilization, you look at used equipment prices. You can look at service parts business and actually all of those indicators right now look pretty positive. Again, we don't have a spare parts business per se. Parts are integral to each of our businesses, but certainly, demand has been very good this year. Used equipment prices have gone up and rental utilization has gone up. So that should actually be a very positive forward-looking group of indicators.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, I would say market share is not something that we disclose, so I won't be all that specific. But particularly in China, we've been capacity constrained and that's one of the reasons why we announced fairly large capacity expansions, really starting in next year for China excavators because we think, if we can produce more, we can sell more. So I would say, particularly in that part of the business, we don't have the capacity all online yet so that will take a little bit more. Our business model is really based on field population, and field population is based on the strength of the industry and the share that we get. So it's a big deal to us to your point, we're really focused on it. Where we need to add capacity, we're trying to do that so yes, I'd say it's a big deal. But I won't quote numbers.
Edward Rapp: Barry, this is Ed. In terms of the move from defined benefit with defined contribution, that's going to play out over a number of years as we phase out of it. I wouldn't look at it, as if you would, a savings on a year-over-year basis, as you do your numbers.
Edward Rapp: Cat Finance plays a huge role on our multi-year plans. I mean, if you think back, Barry, to 2009, which was the all-time stress test in terms of financial markets, and you've seen from the numbers Cat Finance performed very well through that downturn. It's tied very much to our business model, being able to go to customers and provide them not only great products but great services. Cat Finance continues to not only grow in what historically has been the developed parts of the world, but is playing a key role in the developing markets as well, such as China, Russia and other parts of the world that are growing. So Cat Finance remains a central part of our overall strategy.
Edward Rapp: No, think it's our job to manage that risk and if there was ever going to be a stress test to do you overreach or not, it would have been '09. And I think, if you look at how well we performed during that period of time, we managed it well. We're taking the very same principles that we applied in other parts of the world, as we've expanded with the Cat Finance company and used them there. I mean, we're financing product that we know, we're working with dealers that we partner with, iron that we understand, we know how to redistribute, we understand the residual values. It's a business model that we've exercised around the world and we stay very close to it.
Edward Rapp: Alex, this is Ed. Our manufacturing strategy is really driven by serving on the high-volume product in kind of those three hemispheric zones like we've always done, historically. We're seeing great traction on CPS in the U.S. We're seeing great traction in CPS in Europe. Great traction on CPS on Asia. So our manufacturing strategy is really more driven by serving local markets with local manufacturing.
Edward Rapp: It's probably a good take away. And I think the other one, Ann, Mike mentioned in his opening comments is just what's happened, in the U.S. we've been through an extended downturn. Fleets are aging, and rental fleets are down versus historical numbers, and that's another thing, as Mike mentioned earlier, that should bode us well going forward.
Edward Rapp: Ann, on that one, what I would say is, if you look at U.S. in particular and the extended downturn dating back to first quarter '06, I'd say used equipment fleets have been run down during that period of time. Because for the most of that duration, markets in the emerging markets were actually fairly good and so you had quite a bit of used inventory that went abroad. So I'd say in addition to the rundown of the rental fleets, you've also seen a decline in used fleets as well. So we don't see anything in terms of really a build up of used equipment.
Edward Rapp: And Mike, I think the point that we can emphasize here, you look at like year-over-year, we're talking about an 84% growth in Machinery sales and we're talking about virtually flat dealer inventory. And that means that through working with our dealers, the Lane strategy that we've been able to flow that increase directly to end users and demand instead of having it set in inventory around the world. We're going to continue to partner with our dealers on how we do that going forward.
Edward Rapp: Meredith, this is Ed. Let me [ph]] I mean in Lane 1, what we've seen, we kind of track service within 10 days and we've seen that jump about 20 points over the last quarter. And so we're seeing improved service out of Lane 1. Corporately in percent of sales, about 25% coming out. In terms of Lane 1 inventory, we doubled it since the beginning of the year, and we are looking for additional Lane 1 inventory build as we get into the fourth quarter. And it's really focused on what we talked about earlier. We're looking at -- you saw across U.S., Europe, Latin America, Asia, pretty strong year-over-year growth in the Machinery sales. And through using Lane and working closer with our dealers, we've been able to flow that product through to the end-users. Instead of some of the things we had back in that '07, '08 timeframe when a lot of it flowed to inventory. I think the Lane is continuing to mature, as Mike said we're relatively new at it, but I think some of the results are starting to bear fruit.
Edward Rapp: The only thing I'd add to that is the other thing we haven't really seen much of is any significant type of pre-buy. Some of that's driven by the fact that availability has moved out, as we've seen the strong increase in demand. I think the other factor that's really out there is a certain degree especially in the U.S. of uncertainty amongst our customer base. We still don't have a highway bill. We still got uncertainty in terms of where we're going with tax legislation, and as you know a lot of these are small businesses. And so we really haven't had any, what I would consider, noticeable pre-buy on Tier 4 either.
Edward Rapp: Steve, this is Ed. I'd say our 2012 goals are as we laid out in the analyst meeting in New York recently, if you kind of think about the story that we laid out there, kind of laid a path that that said we could get to $55 billion in that 2012 timeline. And I think the $50 billion, approaching $50 billion is a good step in that direction. And I think it really gets back to one of the earlier discussions some of the tailwinds that may be out there. While we have seen some good growth in the developed parts of the world, as you know, they are still way off the peaks. We talked earlier about rental inventory being down, dealer inventory being well below historical levels, engine business kind of a later cycle hasn't really started to pick up recently. So as I look out to that 2012 timeline and the goal that we established, I think there's still -- the underlying principles and fundamentals are still there.
