JimUmpleby: Good morning, Jamie. And yes, you're correct. I'm not going to give 2021 guidance, but I will try to make some comments just to provide some color. So certainly as we sit here today, I feel better today than I did a quarter ago. We've talked about the fact that we are quite constructive on what we see in mining. So mining quoting activity is quite high. I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we are tendering for some large projects that we feel good about that would involve multi year deliveries of large tractors and large mining trucks. Again, mining really is continues to improve. We've talked about the housing starts in the US driving activity on the smaller end of our construction industries business as well. And we believe that strength will continue going into next year as well. So again, we're not going to give guidance here for 2021. [Tech Difficulty] better today than we did a quarter ago.
JimUmpleby: Yes, certainly, and thanks for your question And certainly we are continue to be very focused on services is an important element of our strategy. And as you would expect, services did decline by a lesser extent than OE, in this declining market. Having said that, again, we're continuing to invest to increase services. And I did make some comments, I believe in about what we expected mining in terms of just given that utilization is high, we expect moving into next year to see higher aftermarket sales, but again, continue to invest in that part of the business. And it's something that we're very excited about the opportunity.
JimUmpleby: Yes, the reason one year extension of the service highway bill does provide some certainty for state and local governments so they can plan for projects as we think about. And of course, we've continued to advocate for a long term reauthorization of the federal highway bill. We think it would be very appropriate in terms of economic stimulus. And, of course, the overall infrastructure bill that seems to have very broad, bipartisan support certainly would be a positive for our customers and for us, timing of all that, in fact, of course, is uncertain. It all depends on politics and when it gets passed. But again, based on everything we've seen, it's the one thing that the two sides tend to agree on at this point.
JimUmpleby: You bet. Well, certainly as I mentioned, we thank Billy and Ramin for their many contributions during their careers and wish them well on retirement. And we're very excited also about having Joe and Tony joining the executive office. It does not signal any kind of change in strategy; we're going to continue to execute the strategy that we introduced in 2017. Expanded offering and services and operational excellence. So we have a very strong bench and our board spends considerable amount of time on succession planning. So again, that's again, we wish Billy and Ramin all the best.
JimUmpleby: Well, Ross, certainly appreciate your question. I don't believe we signal any headwinds for solar. But probably the best way to start is by -- it's quite an expansive question you've asked so I'll give you a bit of an expansive answer. But we start by reminding me we're a large diversified business both in terms of end markets and geography. As I mentioned earlier, we're proud to have been named 19th out of 5,500 companies around the world to the Wall Street Journal's top sustainably managed companies. And we build the world's infrastructure. And that would include investments in future energy infrastructure around the world. And I'm confident our products will play a part in that. I believe that we're well positioned to benefit from both the period of transition and after the transition have occurred. And will continue to support our customers during the period of transition, no matter how long that is.  But we're also very well positioned to succeed in the future. In terms of how we're supporting our customers today; we have world class products and services to support oil and gas customers. But we're helping them with their ESG goals as well, helping them to reduce their carbon footprint. Whether it's methane abatement by reducing flaring, we're providing battery storage solutions and efficiency improvement. We've introduced a dynamic gas blending engine that allows our online gas customers to substitute up to 85% of diesel fuel with natural gas, and we continue to support all of our mining customers as well. And by the way, our exposure, you mentioned coal; our exposure to coal is low. It's generally between 3% and 5% of company revenues including both machines and parts. And when our mining business look into the future, we see future opportunities due to the growing electric vehicle market that's expected to increase demand for essential metals. In particular copper and nickel are expected to see sustained growth. And we're very excited about some of the opportunities in energy and transportation. We have significant experience burning a wide variety of fuels in our both our recip engines and our turbine including natural gas, CoCom 9and gas, landfill gas and other bio gases.  We are well positioned to run our equipment on a variety of blended fuels including hydrogen. Our solar gas turbine generator sets can burn 100% hydrogen to produce electricity. In our turbine and recip engines can be paired with advanced technologies with electric drive batteries, hybrid configurations to reduce overall fuel consumption and carbon emissions. And we have battery electric powered electric drive machines that enable customers to take advantage of available electricity as a renewable alternative to traditional fuels. We've done things like we have an all switch battery locomotive; we develop that in conjunction with Vale, one of our rail customers. So you think about distributed generation, which many believe will be a large part of the future. We're already selling reciprocating engines and gas turbines to backup wind farms and solar, as well. Our engines provide a variety of distributed generation solutions as hydrogen blends and are added to gas networks. And so again, we think we're very well positioned for the future, as the transition occurs, but we are going to continue to support the customers that we have.
JimUmpleby: In terms of sales, both in E&T and Resource Industries but particularly E&T. It's really a lumpy business so you can see deviations quarter-to-quarter in terms of retail sales. So that drives a lot of it.
JimUmpleby: As I mentioned earlier, Steve, we do see continued strength in China. It's been quite strong. And we do expect that strength to continue into next year. Based on what obviously, we don't have a crystal ball. But based on everything we see today, we expect the business to continue to be strong. Again, hard to elaborate much more than that frankly.
JimUmpleby: But, again, we're confident that we are investing in the most important R&D projects, and continue to build up those expanded products, continue to invest in digital. So again, we're very committed to continue developing new products and investing in the most important R&D programs.
JimUmpleby: Yes, I say that the conversations are very different indeed. I mean, by the end of 2016, frankly, our customers were shell shocked, just given them what they had gone through between 2012 and 2016, a very, very tough time for them. And all the discussions were about continued cost reduction, about finding ways they could squeeze more cost out of everything you're doing. The conversations are quite different today, conversations around autonomy, how we can help our customers be more successful. They're talking about Greenfield projects, expanding Brownfield projects, retrofits of autonomy on existing fleets. The conversations are very, very different. And I'd say the mood couldn't be more different. I'm not expecting a wild spike up. As I've said previously, I think the best thing for both the industry and for us is more of a moderated increase over time. But the confidence, the mood is very, very different than it wasn't 2016.
AndrewBonfield: Yes, David, it's Andrew. Good morning. Obviously, if you remember in the first quarter, we did see some inventory build although lower than normal by dealers as a result of getting ready for the buying season. And obviously, as we hit that the pandemic hit, as well. I think a couple of thoughts on Q1, so that will be an impact. So obviously, the year-on-year comp, as you say is a little bit more challenging. We did see the big deal inventory reduction occur in Q2, we would expect also, for example, in China, China's a later Chinese New Year this year. So that means there may be some inventory build in Q1, Chinese New Year's sort of middle of February this year. So that may impact Q1 comps. And I think generally, as we say, we think that the underlying momentum in end user sales will start to have an impact more positively. But obviously first quarter had less of an impact. So it's going to be a little bit challenging as we go through the year. I think as we get to January, we'll be able to give you a little bit more feel for exactly how that pans out for the year.
AndrewBonfield: Yes, Chad, this is Andrew. Good morning. As we said, we are holding more inventory than we would normally hold at the CAT end for a couple of reasons for that, one, which is obviously we had a little bit of extra safety inventory as we've gone through the year partly because obviously we have been concerned about supply disruption. So as safety inventory levels are a little bit higher. Second thing is actually, this is one of those odd years where actually we have a downturn and potentially getting ready for an upturn in demand in the same time. Historically, you would always have seen in a down cycle, obviously a reduction in Caterpillar owned inventory. Given the dealers are reducing their inventory levels, given that we are expecting the underlying demand to tick back up as we move into the next financial year. We believe it's right for us to hold a little bit more inventory than we would normally have held. Getting ready for that so that we aren't in a position where the bullwhip effect catches us out as we move into 2021. I mean, obviously normally, if we were in a situation where we didn't see that we obviously would be continued to reduce inventory levels. Obviously, again, we are we have plenty of cash on hand. We are in a low interest rate environment. So financially, it's not a big drag on us to hold a little bit more inventory than we would normally do.
AndrewBonfield: Yes. Thanks, Tim. It's Andrew. Yes, just I mean from that perspective, I mean, obviously, we do bought forward a little bit of our steel. So we are still seeing the benefits of price reductions at this stage. As we're thinking about price actions in 2021, yes, you are completely correct; we are taking into account the demand side of the equation. Obviously, if demand is in a softer demand environment, you obviously do not want to push price too hard. And we are reflecting the fact that obviously at the moment, we are still seeing favorable material costs. In the event, obviously, that does change as we go through the year, we always have the option of thinking about that later. But at the moment, we're in a reasonably good position as we move into 2021.
AndrewBonfield: Yes, thanks, Courtney. It's Andrew. Obviously with a broad portfolio like Caterpillar, you have different margin structures within different parts of the business. And that varies across the portfolio. Obviously, as we have been clear, obviously, the smaller machines tend to have a slightly lower margin than the larger machines. But overall, we think that the portfolio mix, as you've seen even this year is relatively small and manageable within the context of the broader Caterpillar. So I think overall, we are not too worried about that having a drag impact on gross margins. Also the other thing to remember is obviously, if you get very favorable leverage from some of these products, it does help actually improve your margin structure. So that has been the way it's been managed, which is why it's been very manageable, and we expect it to be manageable going forward.
AndrewBonfield: Hi, Larry. It's Andrew. Yes, obviously, the -- from a top line perspective, if we produce closer demand, obviously, that means we won't have the negative impact of dealing big reductions. So there will be a positive rolling through the profit, assuming no other obviously changes from an operating leverage perspective. On the sort of cost side, we did see, obviously, step, normal step runs at about $800 million per year on the basis of a standard payout. We will have that as a headwind as we move into 2021. We did see some delays and discretionary spending. Some of that may not come back. Some of that may come back, but it's relatively very minor overall. For example, things like travel have been less. Obviously, there have been other projects, which haven't really got started as such because they've been delayed while people aren't in the office together. So we'll see how that pans out as we get in. And obviously we'll be able to give you a better guide to that as we get into January when we talk about 2021.
AndrewBonfield: At this stage, we are still putting our plans together for 2021. Obviously, we assume normally on average about $200 million of base restructuring. And then obviously, we've seen some incremental relating to these challenge products. Some of the challenge products, restructurings will recur in 2021. But we're spending about $400 million this year probably wouldn't be that much significant at this stage different next year, we'll maybe even slightly less, we'll need to see how -- as we finish our planning process. 
AndrewBonfield: So I'll start with the, Nicole, with the margins piece. As I said in my comments, we did have a small one time credit last year income in E&T, this year we had a number of negative one timer equated to about $70 million that related to some asset write downs and also some inventory impairments. So that was actually the big driver of the margin change quarter-on-quarter.
AndrewBonfield: Obviously, good morning, Steve. It's Andrew. Obviously, any decision around that will be a board decision, which will take an update as we move into 2021. Remind you that our actual policy is to return substantially all of ME&T free cash flow. This year, we will already have over returned based on our free cash flow year-to- date. And the amount of buyback we've done probably will be over. So probably we'll just rebase back to what the number is. But again, we'll have a conversation and discussion around that probably back in January timeframe with you.
AndrewBonfield: You bet, Jerry. We certainly are going to quantify number. But that's something that we're very focused on. And we're seeing improvement over time. So as we continue to invest in our dealers investing as well, and their capabilities, we're seeing improvements, and we expect that to continue, but I really can't quantify it for you this morning.
AndrewBonfield: Yes. I mean, I think one of the things it's obviously, one of the bigger factors this year on R&D spend actually has been short term incentive compensation reductions that has a year-on-your, one of the most significant impacts. Yes, there have been some project delays. Obviously, as we've gone through the year, just inevitably, not having all the engineers in the room together does mean that some of the R&D projects are going slightly slower. As a percentage of sales, actually R&D is actually up year-over-year because obviously spend is held up slightly better than the rate of decline of revenues. So obviously, we'll see an absolute dollar increase. But obviously, maybe not quite as a big maybe slightly lower percentage as a percentage of revenues.
