Mike DeWalt: Jamie, I will start with the first part of that and I will let Doug do the second part. First part on mining, I just want to clarify, we are not looking for our total mining sales to be down 50%. Aftermarket is going to be certainly our outlook a lot closer to flat. Bucyrus piece of it is down about 15%. So in the aggregate it's not down 50%, it's just new machines. Big trucks, loaders, bulldozers and the like. In terms of what's normal, man, if I look back over the last few years in mining, it's a little tough to decide actually what's normal. I think this year is a year where our sales are certainly being impacted by dealer inventory reductions. Last year in addition to the end user demand dealers built some inventory in mining. So that’s a factor certainly in 2013, as well as kind of the demand levels from customers.
Mike DeWalt: Well, I think if you look at the tradition of Cat machines, you do have a dealer inventory impact that you don’t really see with the Bucyrus machines. And I think the Bucyrus machines are more specific, I mean they are not --- they order them in smaller quantities and more specific to products individually that are maybe being retired in a mine. Historically, this has been the case. We saw this, when we looked to acquire Bucyrus we saw that even in the 2009 downturn the decline in that type of product was less then we saw in trucks and bulldozers and such. And I do want to get back to one of the points that you made to, and that’s on 2014. And I am sure we will, in the course of the next couple of months get a lot of questions about what does this mean for 2014. And that’s a really hard question to answer at this juncture. I mean certainly we don’t have an outlook for 2014 so we are not going to -- we are not going to go out with new assumptions about that or assumptions about that today. And what I would caution everybody that I think about just a little bit is, if we go back a year ago and we put ourselves in April of 2012, whatever predictions we made a year ago about 2013, the market has certainly changes since then. It may change between now and the end of the year, it may not. It's just too soon, I think, to make a call on 2014, other than just a couple of points that in fact we made this in our release today.  Dealer inventory changes our impact of this year’s sales. So the real end user demand level is not quite as bad as all our production and sales level. Once you get through that, it stops being a drag. Secondly, commodity demand overall has held up reasonably well and our machines are being used in the field. Most of what we sell is for replacements and at some point here that’s going to have to perk back up. So sorry I can’t be more specific on 2014. With regard to the second question on share buyback, I’ll turn it over actually to Brad.
Mike DeWalt: Okay. Actually I am going to go slightly beyond what you just asked. Frequently, when we talk about inventory sometimes there is, if you are not careful you can get some confusion between company inventory and dealer inventories. So I really want to address both. From a dealer inventory standpoint, our projections have it coming down again in the second quarter. And historically, that didn’t happen last year but historically that’s the usual pattern. You know dealers normally build inventory in the first quarter and it comes down in the selling season when sales to end users are a lot higher in the second quarter. I think our view is that, that at least the selling down part of it in the second quarter in the selling season is likely to happen. I won't put an order of magnitude on it but I think to a large degree it depends upon what happens to end user demand. But it's probably more than a couple of $100 million otherwise we wouldn’t have mentioned it. So a reasonable decline. And I think probably in the second quarter, it will be split between mining and construction. It's a big selling season for construction plus we have this sort of march down of dealer inventory in mining that to some degree will probably occur throughout much of 2013. For Cat inventory, we do expect a little bit more decline for the year. You know we would not expect to do three more quarters of $0.5 billion a quarter. So over the course of the rest of the year we would see reduction but a little bit lower than the pace we had in the first quarter.
Mike DeWalt: I think as a percent it will be down a little bit from last year. I don’t have a percent to give you Joel, but if you look at our results from last year, essentially almost all of the decline in year over year sales are out of mining or are at Resource Industries. Not quite 100%, but almost. So if you can calculate at least the sales numbers presuming that most all of the year over year decline is in resource. I think in terms of profit Resource Industries is still very good margin segment and as Brad said we’re and Doug both, we’re doing a lot of work on getting cost out of Resource Industries. So that would mitigate some of the impact of the decline from sales. Hope that helps some.
Mike DeWalt: We don’t actually go out with a forecast of cash flow that we talk about externally. Suffice to say that inventory was a drag from last year. This year it should be a help. So that’s quite a turnaround I think in cash flow from inventory being a contributor rather than a user. And then in terms of free cash flow our CapEx requirements likely to be down as well year over year $400 million, $500 million.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. Andrew, I think to some degree it’s probably both. There have been quite a bit of management change with some of our big customers and I think it’s clear they are the new management is much more focused on operating costs, short term cash flow. They’re splitting their assets a bit and that’s stacked up against the last few years where they were very focused on growth, a lot of new mine work. I think it’s just probably both management and the fact that they’ve actually bought quite a bit of equipment over the last couple of years. So I think it’s both and I think if you look at our sales you also have to throw in dealer inventory. We actually produced more last year than customers bought. Customers will buy more this year than we’ll produce. It’s the opposite.  So the swing between those two is an extra negative on us that our customers aren’t seeing. You know if you look at our thinking around aftermarket for the full year, kind of part sales, that a decent proxy at least in our world for production levels with customers and how they are behaving. And our view that with the exception again of U.S. coal mining, that part sales in that mining kind of business will be pretty flat. So that says that customers are using the equipment that’s out there and they are repairing the equipment that’s out there. It's not a great economic climate but it's good enough to keep commodity production going.
Mike DeWalt: Well, I have not seen quite like this in my time, I don’t know, and I am one of the oldest sitting around this table. And actually Doug is couple of years older than me. In my time I have not seen this. I mean the reduction in the purchase of new equipment is substantially more than certainly the decline in commodity consumption would suggest. So that’s again making it pretty tough on those. We will be a point this year, you know if you look at our boost to the mining truck production as an example. We have taken the forecast down to a point where we are likely to be for large mining trucks only a couple of hundred about 2009, which was a terrible year for the world's economy. Big down year, financial crisis, kind of freeze up in a lot of markets. So it's pretty dramatic what we are seeing right now.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, Andy, I don’t know if it's an inflection point. I think that given what we have in our outlook for mining, I suspect that the backlog for mining will probably inch down. But what we saw in the first quarter was actually pretty strong order rates out of construction. Order rates for construction, for example, were better than the first quarter a year ago. Our production was down. Dealers were cutting inventory. We have a pretty decent build in construction backlog. I don’t know if that’s an inflection point. Our predictions around end user demand for construction as Doug said are stable to moderately better this year. So it’s not like we’re expecting a big increase year over year. We’re just not seeing the kind of declines that you’re seeing in mining. But all that said, it was a pretty strong quarter for orders outside of mining better than a year ago and that’s a good thing. Hopefully it is signaling a trend. We’ll see.
Mike DeWalt: I think whenever the subject of pricing comes up, whether it’s Resource Industries or construction or impacts of the Yen at 100 or something close to 100, the reality the real world is it’s not instantaneous. It doesn’t usually change by a big amount. Our first quarter with Resource Industries, Power Systems, Construction, all of them were plus minus, pretty close to a 1% increase for the year. That’s what we said four months ago for the outlook for the year. The first quarter was spot on our internal plan for pricing. So it’s less than last year. If you look at Resource Industries last year, pricing was up a bit more than that for this year. It’s definitely a positive territory, but not as big as last year. So I think -- I’m not trying to suggest that low volume has no impact, but certainly in our business and probably for a lot of our competitors a lot of the pricing that we have are under long term agreements that we have with customers.  So during times when demand is really high and maybe otherwise you would go out and get more or at least have the ability to -- those long terms agreement are mitigate a little bit on the upside and mitigate a little bit on the downside. So pricing doesn’t seem to be -- doesn’t swing in big increments from plus to minus. In fact even in 2009 when sales dropped like 40% in total, price realization ended up being a positive for the year. And in this first quarter our sales and revenues down 17%, we’re positive 1% on price about as we thought. So I think realistically it’s not that there aren’t competitive pressures. There are big competitive pressures all the time, but I think the net impact is probably less volatility than most people think.
Mike DeWalt: David, we didn’t give it down 20% for Resource Industries. I think kind of what we have been saying is, last year our total sales and revenues were about 65. It certainly is a midpoint of this year's outlook, we are looking out at -- the new outlook we are looking at 59. And essentially all that is, the down is the resource industry. So I think it will be more than 20%. I think if you look at the first quarter and then second, third, fourth quarter, kind of the movement through the year and what's likely to happen there, I think the negative impacts from dealer inventory build last year, kind of continued throughout the year but are actually positive for last year. Absence of and further declines this year on dealer inventory. We will probably start tailing off the fourth quarter, for example we didn’t have the same kind of dealer inventory builds. From just a production standpoint, from the orders we have received, orders on hand, kind of the production trend for the year, if you were to look inside of our production schedules we are not presuming any big upturn in orders rates. Our forecast doesn’t need that. I mean it's not that we are forecasting no new orders, but it's very modest. So much of the year is in the order book already for big machines. So I guess in answer to your questions, dealer inventories impact plus the full year decline is probably more than the 20% you are thinking.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, so I will go back. You know we have about $6 billion decline from actual 12 to midpoint of the guidance. That’s $6 billion that is essentially out of Resource Industries which is mining. So I think that’s more than 20%.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. Well, we weren’t specific to a customer. We certainly have confidentiality agreements with customers. But it was a big, a quite large project. It hasn’t been delivered yet. It's our expectation that the first quarter contains whatever -- we don’t expect any continuing losses as a result of that project throughout the year. So it’s a loss in that context it’s contained in the first quarter. I think in the scheme of our total results and probably in the scheme of the size of profit for power systems, it’s not a big material item certainly for the company. But in the scheme of the profit change it was -- as we looked at all the changes, it rose to a level that we felt like we needed to mention it.
Mike DeWalt: No, I would say it’s not likely to be that wide. If you think about our profit and Brad talked about our expectations for incremental and decremental margins, our order magnitude in and around 25%. Now in the first quarter it was worse than that because we had a sizeable impact from inventory absorption. I think if I were looking at our range, that’s probably from an operating profit standpoint thinking about roughly speaking 25% ish up and down is probably a reasonable change or I mean kind of a reasonable assumption to do and that would give you a profit range less than $2 certainly.
Mike DeWalt: I think it was actually fairly widespread, but I think the better way to think of it is order rates in the fourth quarter were quite low as dealers were trying to lower inventory. So they really drop order rates quite a bit in the fourth quarter really to get us to produce and ship less to them so they can take inventory down, which happened in the first quarter. During the first quarter the dealers raise order rates and I’m going to say largely across the board because what they had already done to lower inventories for the most part has been played in. there will be more inventory reduction I think come in the second quarter in construction a bit. But order rates have moved back up to be certainly more in line. Remember too that the second quarter is a pretty high quarter seasonally for dealer delivery sales to end users. So they’re already more pretty much across the board for that. If I could think of exceptions by country I would tell you, but I think for construction it was pretty widespread.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. Actually the industrial businesses improved some, so the order rates for industrial are up. Electric power has remained pretty weak. The oil and gas business has been kind of mixed. The drilling and fracing piece has been down, compression has been pretty good. Solar has actually a very good order book for the year. So I think if what you are trying to do is kind of gauge how the year is shaping up for electric power, I think we have -- we are probably most pessimistic on electric power, particularly the small end of that. Fairly neutral to positive on the oil and gas business and solar as well, the big end of that. There is some sign that marine and industrial are starting to do a little bit better. And to your point, rail, actually overall in the first quarter was, certainly from the sales standpoint, fairly similar to a year ago. They have a pretty decent order backlog in rail. You know that’s a business that we have done pretty well in. We have worked pretty hard on the cost structure, customers are buying more from us. I saw here just recently where GE is scaling back some production. So I think all in all, we have done pretty well in rail. So in the context of full year business that’s relatively neutral in our outlook with 2012, you got industrial that’s starting to look a little better. Marine, maybe a little bit better. Electric power, down. Oil and gas, back up.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, I think coal is actually a good market to look at. If you look at coal versus the first quarter a year ago was down, but production has been edging up. It looks like utility output is up a bit. It looks like coal's percentage of utility production is up a bit. You have got record coal exports from the U.S. So while it's still a little bit below what was a year ago, coal production is kind of trending up a little bit and that has been, I think, a little bit of a positive certainly in the mining piece of it.
Mike DeWalt: On aftermarket, I don’t know. I mean the numbers, once you get outside of the U.S., the overall parts numbers are plus or minus. They are not dramatically different. So it would be hard to get a read from it. I think if you look at commodity production generally, it's by and large up a little bit, not dramatically. So I'm just guessing here when I say this, but I would suspect outside the U.S. coal, there's probably not a lot of change.
Douglas Oberhelman: I would just add a couple of quick notes on this, Jamie. Doug here. We have been intensely focused on investing in the company the last now four and a half, five years since the recession, but the thing that’s probably been the overriding objective is to make our balance sheet rock solid impenetrable and the first quarter we saw is the fourth of last year, the inventory reduction really came through the levels that we were expecting that we wanted. The organization has responded to cost control. First quarter cash flow was outstanding. That all coupled with again a debt to equity rate -- debt to cap ratio of upper 30s and if you factor in the cash it’s below 30. We contrast that back to the middle of ’08 or this time in ’08 we were much more fragile on the balance sheet. Coupled with as Brad said the multiple it’s an attractive use of our cash right now and it’s really that simple and I think it makes a lot of sense. Frankly should see the same about how we look at 2013 and the longer term because I know we have a lot of questions around mining and where is all that going.  :
Douglas Oberhelman: Yeah, sure, Steve. And I would say the answer is split. In the case of construction we are seeing an uptick. We have been watching relatively flat but slightly increasing sales to users, for a number of months we saw that March. Saw it in the first quarter. You saw the backlog number. So we have been reluctant to go to the bone in construction and have not. Now we have got a number of restructurings occurring around the world in that but it's unrelated to volumes, it's related to structural costs. I am talking about Europe. In mining, yes, we are doing absolutely everything required to get that cost structure in line with where we are in the cycle and the Resource Industries mining guys, people have done a great job on that so far. Where are we on all of that, hard to say but certainly the number of temporary layoffs we have, both in production and office staff around the world of the temporary nature. We have had a few announcements of something more permanent fairly on the miner’s side. But basically we will go as far as we need to go to generate the OPAC targets we want and to deliver kind of the goals we have stated. So, so far it's a pretty mix bag of those, Steve. And I can give you a nice ambiguous answer because that’s exactly the way we are operating -- Mining deep, construction industry is growing.
Douglas Oberhelman: I would answer that a little bit more broadly, and that is just addressing cycles. And I have been here longest in this room anyway and I have seen cycles from Argentina to Alberta to the great crash of '09. And the one thing I guess if there is any silver lining in it since 2001 really is, this is the from ['97] probably the fourth or fifth major cycle for this company. And I would like to think as kind of negative and perverse as it is, we are getting pretty good at it. And while I don’t like a three-year cycle, that is from '09 from '12 or '08 to '12, I guess, three-four years. If that’s what we are living with, we are going to learn how to manage it.  And the Resource Industries Group led by Steve Wunning and his crew right now are doing everything they know what to do, to size that for the cycle. And we will take that right on through any other of the businesses we have as well. And that’s very hard on our people. It's very hard on our shareholders, it's hard on everybody. But if you look our performance through '09, so far I am very happy with where we are. Brad mentioned that pull through decrement in this case is kind of what we would expect on, that we have been enjoying on the upside. And fortunately we are getting pretty good at these cycles and when it comes back we will even be, I think better at pulling that through on the other side of this. So that may be the perverse reality of what we are seeing here Andy.
Douglas Oberhelman: Yeah. I would just throw in some maybe further clouding of the tea leaves to your question whether this is an inflection point or not. But many of you are aware and some of you were at Bauma last week in Munich, I was there for an extended period of time, some interesting statistics out of the Bauma show. Record attendance by a long shot, record exhibitors, record waiting list of exhibitors to come in and record machine sales by our dealer anyway inside Germany. You wouldn’t think you’d hear that in Europe in this day and age. And so while all that was great news, off the chart news, there was other stories in Europe that led us to indicate that there is no end in sight in Europe either. But it’s just a tough time to read the tea leaves and I’d like to think this quarter or last quarter, this quarter whatever it might be an inflection point, but it’s just too hard to say. We’re taking it day to day. We like what we saw in the first quarter in terms of our backlog. We like what we see around the world with sales to users, but it’s certainly not a boom.
Douglas Oberhelman: I’d say we’ll see how the cycle goes here, but I’d like to -- we have seen, I don’t know, 4 billionish. It's a high end, we are down now under 3 I guess for this year. That’s going to cycle with where we are. The good news, and I would say for '13 and '14 and maybe into '15 is that the modernization we have done with our plants, the investment we have put in, the restructuring around the world, should get us through here for a couple of years regardless of whatever comes to us. And even minimal growth we are well poised for. We are concentrating on market share. If things pick up there, we can serve the market. So we are in really good shape when it comes to CapEx. But I would see it cycling up a bit if we see recovery kind of across the border in the next few years. Kind of in line with where we have been.
