Michael Lynn DeWalt: Thank you very much, Paul, and good morning, everyone on the call. I'm Mike DeWalt, Caterpillar's Vice President of Financial Services. On the call with me this morning, we have: Doug Oberhelman, our Chairman and CEO; we have Jim Umpleby, who will be taking over the reins from Doug as CEO come January; and Brad Halverson, our Group President and CFO.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, so as we said on sales, I will start with that. On balance, we're not seeing a significant difference, but we've said this in the release. I think we're much more cautious about the first half of the year. And the flattish for the year relies on a bit of improvement in the second half of the year. So I think to your point on costs, I would suspect as we wrap this up, we will be planning and trying to set a cost structure for something that's probably a little bit more conservative than where we're thinking sales for the year could be. So there will remain a very big focus on cost and cost reduction. I won't get into too many of the details yet. As you know, we're kind of in the middle of our planning process for next year right now, but I think some big things that you can certainly expect, one, we'll have a big headwind. I don't know how much yet, but we'll likely have a pretty sizable headwind on incentive compensation. This year, we're off of our outlook in most areas, off of our plan. So we'll have a less than expected short-term incentive comp this year for all of our employees. And something more normal going into next year could be a headwind of $500 million, $600 million, depending upon where the executive team and the board sets the target. So that would be a headwind. On the positive side, we've done very well on costs. We've taken out more cost as we've gone along this year. So we'll have some benefits from a carryover impact of that. So that should be a tailwind. We've done very well on material costs. And, again, much of the commodity benefit in the material costs with the rise in commodity prices has come out. But even without commodity changes, we've done very well on sourcing and design with material costs, so I think we would see that as a tailwind for next year. So we're still working on all the other items in the plan. And when we get to January, we'll definitely do a more complete review of sales and the profit drivers.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, essentially, the change that we made had the impact of taking out prior-year amortization of gains and losses related to the assets and liabilities in the pension plan and better reflects what the, I don't know, I guess I would call, actual ongoing pension costs. So it's not that there's a big benefit. I think it's just stated more around what the actual expenses for the year. And we made that accounting change effective the beginning of this year, a couple of prior years where we stated. And we're going to maintain that, certainly that accounting treatment.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Sameer, I heard all the words you said. Is it a question on our pricing or what we tend to fix? (34:00)
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Okay. I get it. Okay. So our pricing over the last couple of quarters, it's certainly unfavorable to a year ago, but it's stabilized from what we see going forward over the next quarter anyway. In fact, we had a Q&A in the release on this. We don't see the pricing environment actually getting worse. Saying it's not getting worse doesn't mean that it's good. Kind of maintaining it at this level is actually a pretty significant negative to our results. It was a $200 million drag on the quarter. But we don't, at this point, see it getting worse from here. It's pretty tough overall, but barring some large event in the world economy, that we're certainly not expecting, I think we would see, from this point, at not very attractive levels, stable pricing.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yes. Predicting dealer inventory precisely is always difficult, but I think, based on where we've been year-to-date, and what's likely, I think, in the fourth quarter, and this will be a plus or minus probably a couple hundred million dollars, but probably something around dealer inventory in its totality around $1.5 billion decline this year, with probably somewhere close to half of that coming out in the fourth quarter of this year. So we are not currently producing to end-market demand; this year, order of magnitude, $1.5 billion lower. Now, when you start talking about next year, I'll tell you what makes it really difficult to predict. How we'll end the year will depend a lot on how the second half of the year turns out and what expectations for 2018 are. So, for example, if things start improving in the middle of next year and there's confidence that 2018 is going to be a better year, part of dealer inventory is thinking about what's going to be needed for the future, not what was needed in the past. So that would tend to help dealer inventory. If 2018 looks bad, if there is some sort of a world event and dealers are more pessimistic, there'd likely be some additional dealer inventory reduction. I think we'll be probably be in a better position to talk about that maybe more in January, but I would say in our current estimates, we do continue to have some level of dealer inventory reduction in for next year. I guess, at this point, let's just call it a placeholder, but probably not as much as this year.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Well, we don't control dealer inventory. Dealers are independent. What they decide, it's not up to us. It's up to dealers on what their confidence level is. They're the ones selling to end customers, so it's not something that we can force to be behind us. And it's also very seasonal. Dealers will want to likely build some inventory in the first quarter for the second quarter selling season, so it's not as simple as you might think.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Well, it's been mining, construction and some E&T this year. It's been across all three. I think construction for the year will probably be a bit more than the other two. (40:08).
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Well, those are big questions, so I'll try to talk around it rather than giving you a direct answer, because our credit rating is up to the rating agencies. But first off, if we knew what the result of the fourth quarter goodwill testing would be, we'd book it. We don't. We go through a defined process every year. We're going through that now. And we're pretty straight up. If there's an impairment, we'll book it. If there's not, we won't. In terms of the effect on the company, that would entirely be a non-cash item. It would affect equity, of course, but it's a totally non-cash transaction. I can't imagine that would impact the dividend.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Well, that's a longer discussion. First, there is no Bucyrus. Bucyrus does not exist. And the goodwill is not in one measurement bucket. We measure goodwill. We do the work based on which of our business it's in and that goodwill is spread across more than one business. And also remember that some of the intangibles in goodwill changed after we acquired Bucyrus and sold a portion of it to dealers. So some of it left already. In our K last year, we provided more color on goodwill. And the segment that's the closest a year ago to triggering an impairment, I think if memory serves me, it was about 15% off. That segment houses about $1.2 billion of the goodwill. So we don't have a Bucyrus. Everybody wants to think we do, but it's been integrated in across a couple of different businesses within the company. And so the measurement is not just Bucyrus, because it doesn't exist. It's each of those businesses that we have. That's how it's done. So I don't know if we'll have an impairment or not. I'm not saying we will. I'm not saying we won't. We just have to go through the process and we'll know in the fourth quarter. If we do, we'll book it. If we don't, we won't.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, David, I think I'd have to write all this down on a piece of paper to follow what you're saying, but our backlog from second to third quarter didn't change much. I think in Construction, the backlog is in most of the products, outside of maybe China, is fairly weak. I think we don't normally have a long backlog for businesses like Construction. That product ships in the range of 8 weeks to 15 weeks. So you don't have a long backlog. I said a minute ago, dealers are planning to cut inventory in the fourth quarter. So I think naturally, they're ordering less. We would certainly expect a pickup in orders in the first quarter as they want to build some inventory for the second quarter selling season. In the case of Solar, backlog is reasonable, and based on everything we know about history, should be reasonably in line with a flat year next year. So how confident are we in next year's sort of preliminary view? I think we're confident that the first half will definitely be challenged. And I guess if you want to read into that down, I think that's probably a reasonable way to think of it. How confident are we that the back half of the year will improve? I think that will depend largely on what happens to the U.S. economy, U.S. construction, and whether or not this trend of maybe parts sales firming in construction happens, and whether or not we start to see orders from mining companies, which we haven't seen much of so far. We're encouraged by the commodity prices, the sentiment, the discussion on CapEx, but probably to the point that you're making, that has not turned into orders of any magnitude yet. So our confidence in the year does rely on a pickup in orders going forward, hope that helps.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: No. Yeah, I don't recall disclosing orders. So I'd have to look at your math. We'd have to talk about it offline, as orders aren't something that we disclose. And when you look at orders, you definitely have to consider how much is aftermarket, how much is not aftermarket. The length of the order board for parts is about two days. The length of the order board for rail can be two years. So it just depends upon the product in terms of what it means for the short term.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah. And the reason I didn't highlight it is because we're not done with the plan for next year. And one of the things that we have to address between now and the time we do talk to you about profit is in places where we have discretion on timing of spending, what we're going to prioritize and what we're going to do. We're not through that yet in the planning process. That'll come over the next probably six weeks or so.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: I tell you what, I'm going to avoid saying that, because we've not been through that sort of resource allocation discussion yet within the company. I mean, I can understand how you would think that, and that may well be the case, but before I get us positioned on that, I think we need to get through our planning process.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, I mean, the incentive comp was definitely an abnormal, if you will, in the quarter, a good guy. Outside of that, I'm not aware of anything in the quarter that was of any materiality, unusual or weird. I mean, there's always some discretion in some of the expense that you have, and there's always some timing issues. Like, I'm quite confident that SG&A costs might be a bit higher in the fourth quarter, because of timing. But there's nothing that I'm aware of that is anything that's significantly, outside of the incentive compensation, negative.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: 2016, honestly, I don't remember the total number, but probably a good couple of hundred million dollars, maybe.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yes. That's a good question, Joe, and when asked for the puts and takes for next year, I was silent on price realization. So on the positive side, we did put list prices up for machines in the range up some, none, some as much as 4%. We don't provide any kind of a weighting on that. So it's a little tough for you to know what an overall average is for that. And then even that, that's just machines. So that wouldn't have aftermarket in it, and that's not Energy & Transportation either. But I think the fact that we had a 0% to plus 4% range, you can look at and think of that as a bias for a little better price. The flipside of that is price realization. This year, we did not take list prices down, but we have negative price realization. So the market will be what the market will be, regardless of what we put out in list price changes. I think at this point, I didn't talk about it as a headwind or a tailwind. And I think that probably describes, at this point anyway, how we're thinking about it.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, and I wish we were able to break down all the reasons and causes for everything that goes on within dealer inventory. There's usually a reasonable band in terms of months of supply and you kind of have to look at it in a band. It's not a static kind of expect – it depends a lot on is the bias up or is the bias down on future sales, because that'll color a lot what dealers hold. How we're, to your point, how we're shipping? Are we meeting shipping commitments? Are they relatively quick? Can they get what they want when they need it? And so that kind of puts a downward bias on what they want to hold as well. The flipside of that is if we're on allocation, they want to order as much as they can get and they want to hold as much as they can keep. So there's not a hard and fast rule, but somewhere in the sort of maybe 3 months on the low-end, 3.5 is probably a reasonable band. And for the most part, we're in that band. And you have to even take that with a bit of a grain of salt because it depends upon kind of what the product mix is of what's being sold. So if it were all small machines that we sell, that we can provide delivery on in eight weeks, that provides a little different dealer dynamic benefits. Big machines would take six months. But I guess the gist of my answer would be I don't think there's any massive excess of dealer inventory. I think we all would like to get dealer inventory down. It's just more efficient for us and dealers if we can deliver quickly what they want, what they need. And in an ultimate world, wouldn't it be great if they didn't have to have any inventory? And we could just ship them everything in one day. Unfortunately, that's not the case, but you're always striving to do better.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, so if you think about our business in construction, the heavy construction and rental are pretty decent-sized businesses for us. If you look at construction in North America, housing seems to be motoring on and has been okay. The problem we find ourselves in, I think, is the larger projects, the infrastructure, the infrastructure spending is maybe not quite as robust as housing would be right now, and that's a bigger sweet spot for us. We have this other dynamic going on and I'll try to describe it like this. We have too much used equipment in the marketplace right now, and used equipment prices are fairly depressed. And so what that causes in rental, particularly with our rental channels through Cat dealers, is it does not provide much of an incentive for dealers to sell off their used equipment and refresh fleets. So we're seeing our sales into the rental channel as pretty challenged right now. And I talked about construction equipment in Resource Industries, in particular, articulated trucks. We had quite a bit more rental loading earlier in the year than we've seen here in the back half of the year. So, I think, hopefully, sentiment will improve. We'll get the election out of the way. We'll have a new government that's interested in infrastructure spending. And somewhere six months to a year down the road, maybe that'll turn into something better but right now, I think we're on the fence and concerned about overall construction in North America.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Yeah, I'm going to avoid getting into the segment guidance. I think that if you look at what they did in the third quarter, it was very, very good on sales that were over, I think, $465 million lower. Their operating profit only changed, I think, $24 million or $25 million quarter-over-quarter. So they had a pretty darn good third quarter. If you look at our overall outlook for next quarter, we have lower profit on slightly higher sales. We have a cost absorption headwind in the fourth quarter, and I'm sure that'll hit RI. And we have usually a little higher seasonal costs, and so I'm sure that'll hit RI. So I would not be looking for RI to do better on profit in the fourth quarter.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: So I don't think it would be much. I mean, if you go back over, not so much this year, but a couple of years before it, we had higher material cost reduction. Part of that was sourcing and design, and part of that was commodities. The commodity piece of it has mostly evaporated this year. The cost reduction that we're getting is mostly sourcing and design. That will continue. But I think higher commodity prices will mean not so much a headwind on material cost in total, because we'll still have considerable sourcing and design changes. We're always out there doing that, but I think it'll be certainly less of a – at this point in time anyway, I'd say it'd be less of a tailwind as we look into next year. But now all that said, we would take higher commodity prices in a heartbeat. I mean, if we had to decide between high commodity prices or low commodity prices, the impact on our sales would beat the impact on our material cost substantially.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Well, there are a couple pieces of that. One is material cost reduction is a pretty good-sized chunk of it. And you'll just have to make your assumption about what you think it'll do, material costs will do, going forward. The other piece of it is our inventory reduction this year has been a little bit less than it was the prior year; our inventory, not dealer inventory. So the cost absorption headwind hasn't been – it's still been a headwind, but it's not been as much of a headwind as it was the year before.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: Well, I mean, between the two of them, it's been positive $600 million this year. And so, I mean, you can use that as your starting point for the year, and then just use your own judgment. Do you think we're going to get more material cost next year? Or as you started out the question, do you think that commodities might be too big of a headwind for us? I think what we've done this year is probably a reasonable starting point.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: There is also period and variable improvement there. But we've had some of that going both directions. When volume goes down, that's usually a little dicey for efficiency. We've done a lot of work to help offset that impact. And then, recently in Belgium, efficiency has been less favorable than it was before, certainly. So the bulk of the variable cost reduction we've got this year has been the cost absorption in material.
Michael Lynn DeWalt: All right, thanks. With that, we'll wrap up today's call. Thank you and we'll talk to you again in January.
