Bradley M. Halverson: Yes, I think it’s always hard when you get into a discussion of 2014 where we’re not getting a profit outlook. But we have talked pretty consistently about our pull-through targets. I can’t say we’re going to hit them on the downside this year with huge headwinds, we’re still committed to a 25% operating pull-through, as business improves. That’s an environment that I think that we’d all like to see with our capacity and our cost structure will have in place in terms of ability to deliver that. But I would say that we are in our planning process now. That remains kind of our target. There are some things that we may not be able to control or cannot control like the R&D tax credit and those things which will be renewed or will not be renewed. But we are committed to that 25% pull-through number.Jerry D. Revich – Goldman Sachs & Co. : Thank you.
Bradley M. Halverson: Ann, we have talked about on the decremental side being in a range of 25% to 30%. And so we’re on the high-end of that. I think to extent we had a normal decline in volume, which spread across our segments. I believe we would be living to that today. The fact is we have a huge mix issue with the mining margins and the peer cost absorbed impact. I talked about them earlier, but they’ll be over $1 billion and over 10% impact on pull-through in and of itself. And so being at 30% decremental giving where the volume came from I would say would be within our expectations for what happened.
Bradley M. Halverson: One thing that maybe we haven’t commented on enough is that, living within this 30% has been partly due to the strong performance of our Power Systems business. We had – even with sales down good margins in that business, and Cat Financial is having a great year. Their Financial Products profit will be up 25% year-to-date. Their portfolio is in great shape. Their past dues are well down from last year. And I think probably maybe more importantly than that the percent of the deals that they finance is up I would say a significant number.
Bradley M. Halverson: So yeah, and we want to be at 25%, and I think that our cost structure that we’re working on is to make sure as we move forward even to the flat to as we would recover would be in that range.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Yeah David I really don’t want to get in to a discussion around profit next year, not because I wouldn’t have an opinion on each one of those items that you discussed but we haven’t really provided a profit outlook we don’t normally provide a profit outlook until January. We’re working on many of the things that you discussed right now as a part of our planning process. There will be things that are positive, there will be things that are negative. Now, Brad’s comment about our sort of operating level of incremental margin kind of stance, but in a year where we’re not forecasting any change in sales, I’m not sure incrementals are a great, great metric there’s just not enough sales change for it to probably be a very valid metric at this point. So I’m going to if you have another question, I will take it, but I think we’ll pass on, on talking about 2014 profit, because we just don’t have an outlook to talk from.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: I think it’s by and large similar we’ve not changed that, we’re looking for another decline order magnitude, the size of the fourth quarter, I’m sorry the size of the third quarter again and the fourth quarter. So, yeah, we’ll have a pretty sizable inventory reduction this year. Next year if you look at our sales forecast, we’re thinking of inventory being more neutral maybe a slight further decline in Resource Industries, but maybe a slight increase in Construction, but neither of that dramatic on balance pretty neutral. So what you have is you have a tailwind, if you will, from dealer inventory and that would drive most of the improvement in Construction Industries that we talked about. But we’re looking at a further decline in end user demand for mining, and that’s essentially offsetting the inventory decline or actually for Resource Industries little more than inventory decline.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Mike, let me just interject here. Doug Oberhelman, on two items. One is price in market share and the other one is cost. Picking up where Mike left off on cost for example. If you look at second quarter of 2013 quarter-to-quarter, same profit per share both quarters on $1 billion less of sales kind of Mike’s point. We have everybody here on a cost lockdown bench. As I mentioned in one of my quotes in the release, if you sort through the absorption factor of inventory and adjustment and everything, we really take it out $700 million, a lot of that is incentive pay, rolling layoff, et cetera. But there is a pretty good chunk in there. It’s starting on structural cost reduction, which we’ll see picking up as we go forward. But certainly that 30% decremental operating profit is one we watched, a little than I want. But when you factor in the mining mix, it’s sort of justified, but it’s something we will really concentrate on. As we see sales increase, at some point they will likely, we expect to get back that 25% or so range of incremental operating profit, so all hands on deck here on cost structure and more coming. Secondly on pricing, there was a question on pricing in 2014. We have really been on a strong effort here with our dealers to balance market share and price the last four years and we have seen our market share grow substantially on a global basis. And just as a reminder, inside China, while our China business is up overall, it’s up primarily because of increased market share and we’re in a nice position there going forward, a market. I think we have to be in if we’re going to be the global leader down in the road. With that we’ve said to our customers that we would expect to keep pricing in line with inflation or so. And so we’ve been able to do this through – gain market share through cost reduction and quality improvements, while getting some price and I’m just going to roll that in as a general statement to 2014. I would not expect a great price realization in 2014, we’re not going to budget that in. But at the same time, I’d anticipate and hope for more market shares gains. It might be modest, while we maintain some price. I think that’s the balance we’ve been on and up to maintain. Remember, every extra machine we put into field population drives a tremendous piece of aftermarket sales for us, which we really like.Andrew Casey – Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Yes, I want to comment on that as well. We’re really happy with our rail division and our locomotive business. We’ve seen steady market share gains. We’ve seen a lot of cost reduction there. We’re really happy with that and have a lot more plans coming. With your question – regarding your question on Tier-4, I think in November, we will ship our first production locomotives powered by LNG. And we’ve been working on that all year. It’s a big effort we have, and it’s one way to address the Tier-4 situation coming up in a couple of years for rail. They will hit it – the first ones will hit the tracks in November and they’ve been through quite a bit of experimentation, and we’re optimistic on that. In terms of diesel power side, we have a lot of experience with diesel Tier-4 on our off-road business that spills over into locomotive, and while we’re a couple of years away, we’ll be using a lot of same technology and in good shape. But I’m really excited about the possibility of LNG power locomotives here in the near-term, particularly with the smart spread being so low at the moment. So I’m really happy with rail and locomotives. This will be I think a record year for them and next year ought to be continue on that as well.Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Thank you.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: I’ll handle the shutdown piece of your question a little bit. I would say there has been minimal impact on us so far. However, I’ve been with a number of small, medium-sized contractors the last two weeks from around the country, and that is the first or second question they ask because they’re feeling it. And for the most part, they’re fairly busy right now, but they are worried about where this goes. I would say that they probably – their answer wouldn’t be that they felt it, but they’re worried about feeling it in the future, and that’s frankly one of the reasons for our uncertain comments or our comments in here about uncertainty in political arena, because I don’t know what’s going to happen in the next 90 days. But if you look backwards, I’ve got to believe that the rancor in Washington, the dysfunction in Washington over the last three years has not helped grow the economy any faster than 2%, that’s probably not a real brilliant deduction. But I think if it would’ve been quieter out there, we wouldn’t – not have had that we’d probably had higher growth. So I look at it kind of just the opposite when I think about it. I’d like it to go away. I think we have higher growth, but I don’t think it’s going to go away, and I think it’s going to be with us for some time, and that’s just the atmosphere in which we have to operate. We’re working on everything within our four walls that we can do to make sure we’re operationally efficient, doing what we can do to lower cost because I don’t know what’s going to come from outside, maybe led by the politicians, maybe not.Andrew Kaplowitz – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks guys, I appreciate it.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Yeah, and I would say that again with what happens, I think we are moving very fast with what we can do. I would say you are going to hear more about the things that we are actively working on as we speak when we release in January would be my guess.Ann P. Duignan – JPMorgan Securities, LLC: Okay, so we won’t have to wait for CONEXPO, I guess, that’s what my fear was.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: No, I thought – I mean, I don’t know. I can’t tell you for sure, but if you ask me what my estimate would be, I would say that we would be looking to do it in the release of January.Ann P. Duignan – JPMorgan Securities, LLC: Okay, I’ll leave it there, thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, you’re right. Well, I’ll start with Construction here. You’re right from a margin standpoint it was not a great quarter for Construction. Their operating was around 6%. If you look at what’s going on in construction, they’ve got a few days that right now are headwinds for them. One is actually product mix. Their sales aren’t down all that much. But if you look at what’s down and what’s up, you’d have some of their larger products in construction maybe as far up as a D8 tractor. That’s the largest bulldozer that they make and maybe some of the larger wheel loaders that are part of the construction business, but that are frequently used in mining applications. So at the very top end of Construction Industries, you’d have some products that I have a crossover into mining. That part of their business is down as you might expect from mining. The part is really picked up is really the small one, our BCP, Building Construction Products division. They’re actually up nicely this year. So you’ve got this negative mix right now that’s kind of weighing a little bit on Construction Industries. They’ve also taken some and delivered some sizable orders in Brazil directly to the Brazilian government. And in fact, it’s a large order. We delivered some in the second quarter and even more in the third quarter. And in fact, we’ve recently won some more business there. So that’s a good story on sales. The problem is it’s a very big order, and the pricing on it, I would just describe it as you would expect with a large order lean. Also, in Construction Industries, just from a competitive standpoint, it’s always a tough market out there with competitors, but you’ll notice price realization is negative in the quarter for Construction. A chunk of that is because of the large Brazilian deal and a chunk of that is just because it’s a very, very tough environment from a pricing standpoint. And I would say, particularly in Europe, it’s been tough. Over the course of the year, we have been reducing our inventory as well. We have PDC inventory and that’s been coming down all year long. And we’ve participated in selling that. So I think those things have been negative for Construction Industries and in the quarter. I think at some point in time here when the mix for them gets maybe a little bit more back than normal and there are no longer cutting inventory, there is good potential for margin to improve there. But at the moment, it’s kind of a tough environment for them. You asked a question on Power Systems.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, when we started the year, we thought it was going to be flattish. So I think if you kind of go back to January. Electric power is probably kind of a level below total Power Systems. If you look at power, petroleum, turbines, marine, rail, I think we’ve been probably more surprised with the downside on electric power than any of the other segments. It’s the weakest segment of the year. In fact if you look at the third quarter versus third quarter, it’s the most significant reason for the sales declines, so it’s off the most. Actually between the last outlook and this outlook kind of going from the midpoint of $57 million to the midpoint of $55 billion, Power Systems was fairly neutral into that, it didn’t really changed much.Eli S. Lustgarten – Longbow Securities: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, that’s a good question. I mean you’re always concerned about competitors in that industry. And frankly it is a lot harder to figure out what your market share is about, because you don’t’ have the kind of unit reporting of what your competitors are doing. So it’s an educated guess, but it’s really tough to forecast market share there. What I think we’re seeing right now is, lot of new equipment was purchased over the last couple of years and where mining companies have a choice about the uptime and where they are pushing equipment hard, they would be tending to do that with the newer equipment that they have. And we do think they’re delaying some maintenance as well. So our general feeling around it is that it will come back. We’ve not seen any seismic shifts there. Our dealers are highly engaged with the service and support activity, as a customers they’re very good at it. They have significant rebuild program. So I think to some degree, it’s around mining companies working really hard right now to improve their operating results and a lot like we’re doing.Seth R. Weber – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Right. Okay, thank you very much, Mike.
Mike DeWalt: On the first part of that with Brazil, the more recent orders that we’ve want are volume wise are less than what’s been flowing through. But I think the pricing would be – I’ve actually not seen it, but I would guess it is probably pretty similar. In terms of used equipment coming back on the market, I have not heard – I wouldn’t plan to know that as a firm, yes or no, but if you look at actual mine production. So let’s say, you’ve got some D8 tractors working in a small surface coal mine. Mining production has actually come up a bit. So it would surprise me that there would be a flood of that kind of equipment on the market. I think it’s more a case, where they’re working what they have and not buying new. But as I say that Andy, I don’t have any facts or data to back that up.Andrew Casey – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then if I could sneak in actually a positive question. You realized about 50 basis points higher gross margin in Q3 than Q2…
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. It’s been all about cost. I mean we have been hard at work taking out costs. So that has been a piece of it. I would be remiss if I didn’t take a little bit of credit though for this tax item we had in the third quarter, and we did have a little bit less negative of a currency drag. But I think given decline in sales, second to third, you have to look at costs. We talked about being favorable year-over-year 350 in the third quarter, 450 without inventory absorption and year-to-date we’re about seven. So we got more than half of the year-to-date cost reduction actually in the third quarter. So that has been a big focus for us. A lot of the actions that we started putting in place in late spring, early summer have started to bear fruit.
Mike DeWalt: Okay. We’ll go back to the first part of that. This is – this should end up being an up year for locomotive sales, a pretty good year. And I think our view on next year is actually reasonably positive as well. Now that said, it’s not – in some ways it’s a little bit like turbine. It’s shipments on big orders from customers. They don’t go out necessarily smoothly month-by-month, month. So there was a small decline quarter-over-quarter, it had more to do actually with the pretty good third quarter last year. So I wouldn’t want to send any weird messages there, I mean I think it’s a case where our locomotive business is going to be up this year. We expect a decent year in 2014 as well.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, I’d say you will see the sales pickup in Power Systems. That normally happens on turbines, rail. We usually have a little bit bigger fourth quarter.
Mike DeWalt: Ann, this is Mike. I just want to make one other comment to you. If you’re pulling numbers straight off the face of the statements, you might be getting something a little worse than that. Remember, we had a gain last year. I think order of magnitude $270 million when we sold our logistics business, and when we’re talking about 30% we’re pulling that out, that’s not operational.
Mike DeWalt: Okay. All right, we are at the top of the hour, I just wanted to thank everyone for being on the call today and we’ll be talking to you over the course of the next quarter.
