Amy A. Campbell: Sure, Joe. And I think you have to look at it kind of two different ways. If you look at the new outlook that was provided this morning and compare it against the outlook from January, really broadly speaking the only two changes are those that Brad talked about, higher sales volume of about $2 billion, which will generate higher variable margin, offset by about $200 million more in short-term incentive compensation expense. In the original outlook we communicated that we expected material costs to be favorable about 1% for the full year. While we expect that number to come down some, we still do expect some positive, maybe closer to zero, but still some positive material costs for the full year. Our outlook for price has not changed really very much at all since the original outlook. And our period costs assumption, excluding that short-term incentive compensation expense, is also, broadly speaking, about the same. So versus the outlook that we provided back in January, it's really just higher volume minus the higher incentive compensation expense. If you look at what's changing from the first quarter to the rest of the year, there's a couple of things to keep in mind. We had very favorable mix in the first quarter. About half of the sales volume mix impact was from mix. And we don't expect to see that kind of favorable mix impact as we go forward. We do expect pressure on price and material costs in the back half of the year, especially around steel. But even though we expect them to be favorable versus last year, we don't expect them to be as favorable as we saw in the first quarter. And there was some period costs. Timing of spend, traditionally the first quarter is a low quarter for period cost spending, so some of our projects and initiatives that we have planned for the year did not pick up to their full spend rates in the first quarter. That would also increase as the year progresses. But I think if you take it all in, and we're committed to incremental profit pull-throughs (26:08) for the full year, and the outlook reflects almost 50% operating profit pull through, well ahead of our 25% to 30% commitment and goal.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. So if you look at Resource Industries dealer inventory, it really broadly stayed about flat quarter over quarter. And so since we've been on kind of 16 sequential quarters of taking dealer inventory down, that was a positive to sales. But dealer inventory did remain – it was actually up just slightly in the quarter. As you mentioned, Joe, we probably sold about 70 to 80 trucks or so last year. It was probably closer to 70. We do expect shipments for large mining trucks to increase significantly. Most of those will be in the back half of the year. Several of those are going to large customers in less price-favorable regions, I guess you could say. But we have good demand. I think even if we double the number of truck sales – and I think that's certainly very doable this year – it would still be the second lowest year for large mining truck sales. So we're still at very low levels, even in 2017, with what will probably be some pretty significant increases in our total shipments versus last year.
Amy A. Campbell: Sure, Jamie. If you look at Resource Industries margins, like I said we were very pleased with the margins that Resource Industries put up this quarter, $158 million in operating profit. If you kind of revert back to the fourth quarter call and Mike's discussion, we expected Resource Industries to lose a little money but be close to breakeven. And so it really had a great quarter. We don't expect this quarter to repeat, either in terms of operating margin dollars or operating margin percent. But moving forward for the rest of the year we would expect Resource Industries to either break even or do a little better through the rest of the quarters remaining this year.
Amy A. Campbell: Sure. Yeah. So Resource Industries, as we talked about, that mix number was about equally spread across the three primary segments. We wouldn't expect that favorable mix to continue. There will also be, like in the other segments, some material cost pressure. And we do expect some sales for some mining equipment into some regions of the world that maybe aren't as price advantaged as other parts of the globe.
Amy A. Campbell: Sure. I think there are probably two areas. Maybe I'll step back a little bit. If you look at Construction Industries, with a significant increase in orders for BCP [Building Construction Products] product in the fourth quarter and first quarter, several of those products have been moved to managed distribution. And with the announcement that we were considering the closure of both Gosselies and Aurora, we also put all medium wheel loaders on managed distribution at the beginning of the year. In both cases that was to make sure that we got shipments to where they needed to go and to discourage some panic ordering or some unnecessary ordering to make sure we managed that. But we don't expect either of those actions to impact or drive a loss in sales situation. If you look at China, I would say that for Construction Industries, while we continue to grow market share there and we're very pleased with how the year is shaping up so far, I'd say if demand continues at these levels (31:37), we're continuing to keep an eye on China and make sure that we can continue to meet the higher demand in that region. But the other notable comment, and I've seen a lot of it being discussed out there, is for our large 3600 reciprocating engine. We have seen lead times for those extend out. And we're bringing the production back to our Lafayette, Indiana, facility. But we wouldn't expect that to result in any lost sales either.
Amy A. Campbell: David, if we go back and revisit some of the positive sentiments but also some of the negative, or risks that are out there in the outlook, we wanted to be thoughtful and mindful that there's still a lot of uncertainty in the world. And there's still the potential for volatility both in commodity prices and oil prices. And so even (33:26) if you walk through a few of those, first of all we would expect – we're seeing a lot of demand for overhauls and rebuilds of both mining equipment and oil and gas well servicing fleets. We would expect that demand to taper off. Or I don't know if we would expect that, but it could taper off as the year goes on and all of those units get overhauled and repaired. We also – we do need to watch the volatility. It's possible that too much supply comes back online in North America, which would drive some additional volatility in oil prices when it comes to commodity prices. While the demand and supply seems to be in better balance, there still is some persistently high inventories for several commodities, which could put some pressure on commodity prices. If you look at North America order rates, as Brad mentioned and you mentioned, have been very strong. Certainly, there are some good fundamentals to support that that Brad talked through, pipeline. A lot of states have passed infrastructure bills. But we believe some of that has to do with business optimism. And we need to see that business optimism continue through at least the second quarter I think before we get more comfortable and confident about what the back half of the year will look like.
Amy A. Campbell: So if you look at dealer inventory, and we didn't include that in the Q&A. I think it's really going to shape up to what we expect 2018 to be. And it's really too early to make a forecast for 2018. Embedded in the outlook is a slight decrease in dealer inventory, certainly quite a bit less than what the $1.9 billion or $1.7 billion for the full year that we saw in 2016. I think back to your earlier question, we have seen I'd say the pace of order activity slow a little bit. But it is still doing better than a year ago as we said in April.
Amy A. Campbell: Yes. I think if you looked at any one of those assumptions in isolation, I think you could conclude that there's some upside. And I think that makes sense and we would agree with that. But as we sit here in April, there still is a lot of uncertainty, there still is the volatility. We're only three months through the full year. We need to see order rates continue at the levels we saw in the first quarter in order to get more comfortable about the rest of the year. But we are I think very pleased with our ability to raise the outlook by $2 billion here one quarter into the year.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. So I think dealer inventory, we have taken production up at several of our facilities, a few that we talked about, Lafayette, Indiana as well as in China. We are having to build inventory in Gosselies and in Aurora and in our component plant across – in order to manage through the closure and consolidation of several of our facilities. So that is driving some dealer – or some dealer, excuse me – some of our inventory up here in the first quarter. I think where inventory lands for the full year will have a lot to do with what 2018 looks like. We do at this point I would say expect CAT inventory to remain broadly about flat for the full year. Certainly continue – and both Brad and Jim mentioned this, continue to be focused on lean, driving an increase in inventory turns. Certainly have no expectations that there would be any write downs in inventory of any significance for the remainder of the year.
Amy A. Campbell: Sure. So Solar, I think in the outlook – the original outlook from the last quarter, we shared that we expect Solar to be about flat 2017 versus 2016. That remains our expectation. We have a really good backlog to support the outlook for the year. The backlog for Solar was up slightly in the quarter as we continue to take orders moving out into 2018. And so I'd say Solar is kind of continuing as we expected on about flat sales for the year versus last year.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah, I'd say the reasons for the second through fourth quarter operating margin percentages to be lower on Resource Industries are pretty consistent across the other two primary segments as well. As Brad mentioned, Construction Industries had a great quarter for operating margin percent. We would expect for the full year, which would weight in the first quarter operating margin for Construction Industries, to be just up slightly versus 2016 with pressure in the back half of the year from less favorable mix, pressure on price and material costs, and some period cost spend, timing that didn't occur in the first quarter. For Energy & Transportation, which also had I'd say a very good quarter for operating margin percent versus a year ago, versus first quarter of 2016, I mean it's just slightly better than the full year for 2016, the first quarter of 2016 for Energy & Transportation. It was the lowest quarter by several hundred basis points versus the other three quarters in 2016. We would expect Energy & Transportation operating margin to be about flat for the full year versus 2016.
Amy A. Campbell: Well, what I would say is for – as we revert back to the outlook that we provided in the fourth quarter 2016, we expected period costs to be about $450 million to $500 million. I think in the 10-K, we communicated $450 million lower for the year, excluding the higher short-term incentive comp and wage increases for the full year. And that assumption, with the exception of short-term incentive comp being up $200 million, hasn't changed with this outlook very significantly.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. I think it's certainly more complicated than that. Aftermarket parts were up. That primarily impacted Resource Energies (sic) [Resource Industries] and Energy & Transportation, as mining equipment was coming in and well servicing units were coming in for overhaul and rebuild. I think you have to take into account Construction Industries price was quite favorable as well. And Construction Industries didn't see really a significant increase in their aftermarket part sales. So if we look at aftermarket part sales, we would expect that to be a little heavier in the first quarter and in the first half as that mining equipment and the oil – the well servicing fleets for oil and gas in North America kind of are coming in as we speak to be overhauled and repaired. But that work may decline as the year goes on and there's less units that need overhaul.
Amy A. Campbell: Sure. I think we haven't changed the period cost guide for the full year in this new outlook. We wouldn't expect to see – I mean – sorry. Here, we wouldn't expect to see any cost improvements from the Aurora and Gosselies decisions in 2017. In fact, we would likely see some inefficiencies as we take production down in those plants in the back half of the year, which kind of is something that we're keeping an eye on. The Aurora – the move and the relocation of production out of Aurora to the other two U.S. facilities, that work kind of wraps up in the 2018 timeframe. So we shouldn't see benefits for that until after 2018. And we do expect the Gosselies, Belgium, facility to start ramping down towards the end of this year. But we also wouldn't expect mature year benefits for Gosselies until 2019 and beyond as well.
Amy A. Campbell: We're not disclosing those savings in particular. What I would say is they were included in our original September 2015 announcement – or they were being contemplated in a part of that broader commitment of $1.5 billion of total cost savings for restructuring. We delivered that through 2016. We expect about $500 million more – or $450 million more of period cost reduction from restructuring and cost reduction actions this year, which would bring us to about $2 billion in total. And it's really – we're not going to comment at this time on 2018.
Amy A. Campbell: Sure. I think if you look at the increase in aftermarket parts sales for Resource Industries, it was broad across all four regions. We're seeing good activity in iron ore and coal in Australia. Good activity for copper in Latin America. We are seeing a lot of machines get put back to work around coal in North America. And the CIS region is doing very well for gold mining. And there would be some other positive stories among those. But those are the ones on the top of my head. So it is broad-based from a higher aftermarket parts perspective. And if you look at kind of order rates that were driving the increase in the backlog for Resource Industries, I'd also say that those are fairly broad-based as well.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. I think one thing I would say is you have to step back and look at the revenue increase versus 2016. So the sales and revenues increase is up just 3%. It's not a significant increase versus 2016. And so while we certainly are pleased and excited that we're able to raise the outlook this morning, it's not a significant raise versus last year. So we still are remaining cautious. Certainly still many, many of our end markets are at very depressed levels. I think from a perspective of what we need to see to – one, I would say, as you mentioned, and it's in the release, what gave us the confidence to raise the outlook was a very strong quarter, very strong order rate, and an increase in the backlog that should be fairly sustainable. What we continue to keep an eye on is business optimism in North America. And do we continue to see order rates stay at higher levels than we incurred in 2016? We do want to watch the volatility of oil and other commodity prices. And there's still tremendous geopolitical uncertainty around the world that we're keeping our eye on. And want to make sure I think before we would take another step that we're comfortable about sustainability of the order rates versus what we saw in the first quarter.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. I don't have that breakdown, Rob. Kind of more it would just be anecdotally what I've heard the business teams share. Certainly we believe that a lot of it has to do with overhaul and rebuild of mining equipment. We do believe that there may have been some restocking of dealer shelves in the first quarter. And certainly if you look at the hours of utilization of the mining equipment versus where it was at its depth, kind of middle of last year, mining equipment is being used quite a bit more extensively. And I think that you can conclude from that that it's driving consumables of filters and fluids and other things like that as well. So I think it's pretty broad-based across all three of those categories.
Amy A. Campbell: Sure. As you could expect, I'm not going to give you a guide kind of on normal operating margin for Construction Industries. As I said a little earlier, we do expect a small improvement, a slight improvement in operating margins for the full year for Construction Industries versus a year ago. And that's going to be on significantly higher incentive compensation expense. So I think it continues to reflect the great work that that team has done and their focus around OPACC or operating profit after capital charge. The pricing environment for Construction Industries, especially in North America, is very competitive right now. We are looking at that. I'd say it's across numerous competitors, not just with transaction pricing but also with financing deals. That's certainly a risk that we have in the back half of the year that we continue to keep our eye on and make sure that we're meeting our market position goals.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. So there's a couple things. The tax rate is a little bit higher. I think it's about 28% now in the outlook versus 25% I believe for 2016. We do have a slightly higher assumption for shares. And then there are several things that happened in the other income and expense line, some hedging gains or losses that we don't put in the outlook as well as some income – or interest income, excuse me, and a couple other small things that are all occurring kind of below that operating profit line. That'll net you out to that reconciliation you're trying to do, Andy.
Amy A. Campbell: I think certainly – and there's certainly a lot of them. But one that comes quickly to mind, Jerry, would be our focus on digital, making sure that we have the best services and solution to meet our customers' needs and help them be successful and make more money using our products than our competitors'. So all of the advancements, a lot of them on display at ConExpo, is a huge area of focus for us right now. We believe we have the largest industrial connected fleet in the world of about 0.5 billion connected assets. And we continue to expect to grow that this year. And so I think that's one area of many, as well as continued focus on new product development. And then I'd say lastly, using the operating execution model to make sure we're very deliberate about where we put our resources to make sure they're being put around projects and investments that'll drive the highest shareholder value.
Amy A. Campbell: Yeah. And I think the number I gave was specifically around large mining trucks, which was one of the more depressed from its peak volume and off – and probably one of the most off of what we would consider kind of mid-cycle volume levels than some of our other mining equipment. I think if you look at book to bill, we don't – as you know we don't disclose that information specifically. But I would say we don't believe that we're losing any market share. We are seeing very healthy order rates, good sporadic. I mean a year ago there was almost no ordering activity going on in Resource Industries. So we are coming off of a very low base. But we are seeing sporadic orders and good demand for mining equipment.
