Doug Oberhelman: Yes, I think in the scheme of things our view around each of the segments is much like the total I don’t think we don’t see big swings up or down really in any of the segment. I mean it’s always as you know looking out that far is tough to always be exact but or ever be exact I guess but by and large we don’t see a lot of change going forward in any of the three segments.
Doug Oberhelman: That actually used to be a quite long answer delving into operations I think, what I’ll do is kind of summarize it for you a little bit. One of the key metrics that we’ve that kind of measures the success or failure of that is the incremental operating profit pull through. We have had target of around 25% and we’ve taken the actions needed to be flexible enough to achieve that. But embedded in that there are lean helps if you would improve cycle times that helps were down that path but I think the ultimate measure of this is when either profit goes up or goes down do we have the flexibility that take cost out going down and I think we’ve shown that we do.
Doug Oberhelman: Well, just to add that Mike it’s Doug here and I agree with that completely. In terms of really lean manufacturing lean six sigma standard work it’s -- I think we’re still early in the process here. We probably got about a third of our sales where manufacturing anyway covered to some with where we want to be in our first wave of lean really deeply manufacturing in every one of those cases whether it’s a medium wheel loader line in Aurora, Illinois. Wheeled excavators in Grenoble, France and I can go on, certain solar is a good example of that too, we’ve seen really tremendous improvements in quality in throughput, in inventory, in almost all metrics and we’re encouraged. But there is a lot more work to do and as I said to you all many times, we really expect to see big chunks of this coming in ’14 and ’15 I think we saw some of that, some of year-to-date numbers we certainly have seen it in the quality of margins in the third quarter but in my mind we still got plenty of work to do on that. I also said earlier today that, in a way flat production really gives us time -- production output gives us time to get to work on this, when things are booming it’s hard to work on efficiency because we’re trying to satisfy the market in ‘13 when the bottom fell out in mining we’re cutting cost at every moment and we really can’t think about how we want to organize a manufacturing line. Well, since mid ‘12 or so certainly the ‘13 and ‘14 in construction and in energy and transportation that team has been doing that and shows in the margins. Mining will be next, the mining recoveries will really I think prove what we can do with that because a lot of that work is being done now too. So I think we’ve seen a down payment on it, but in my mind there is more to come.
Doug Oberhelman: Yes, you’re right. With our fourth quarter outlook or our full year outlook it’s not too hard to turn that into a forecast for the quarter and we do expect profit to be down a little bit in the fourth quarter. A couple of things that you mentioned we had currency gains in the quarter and there are lot of things that we think we can do a decent job of forecast and exchange rate is not one of them. So we’re not forecasting changes in exchange rates from here. So there is no continuation of the gain. We had favorable tax item in the quarter that goes away as well. So those are two positives that we’re in the third quarter that won’t be in the fourth quarter. We typically have seasonally higher cost in the fourth quarter. We’re wrapping up the year and discretionary spending tends to rise a bit, so that all happens essentially by almost every year but I can remember since I have been at the company. So we’ve got that worked in.  One other item probably I know is we expect a little bit of negative mix in the fourth quarter. We’ll have couple of a big electric power sale that we think will be completed in the fourth quarter at quite a bit lower margins than the total. So I think I would say mix seasonal cost and absence of the couple of the favorable items from the third quarter that pretty much bridges that I think.
Doug Oberhelman: I’ll try to answer your question but I’m going to try to answer another one that you kind of touched on but didn’t actually ask directly and that’s on inventories.
Doug Oberhelman: Hi Eli, it’s Doug. I want to talk about the Tier 4 that you eluded to also and there is – we’re in the throes of 2014-15 by the end of ’15 virtually all construction equipment will have been, will be Tier 4 final compliant. And as we go through that were about halfway done maybe a little bit more than that right now in terms of individual models. That has as we phase out of Tier 4 interim and phase into Tier 4 final and again it’s depending on horsepower size or kilowatt class that has doubled kind of the degree of difficulty in some of those assembly lines certainly around implementation. And we’re seeing some of that availability go out you mentioned you heard that from dealers. I do too. I would expect that to continue for a little bit more but all of our product managers are all over it and I suspect by time we’re done with Tier 4 final by the end of next year not before this will work its way through as well. We’re really happy by the way with our Tier 4 final machines that are out there, a lot of them are running up a lot of hours and doing very very well in the marketplace. So, I assume as we work through this is kind of bubble of introductions I think we’ll like what we see but it’s a bit of challenge right now, you’re right.
Doug Oberhelman: Yes, sure and I think that’s right we do see we’ve seen everything from pad preparation to road building around all the shale zones in the country and that has impacted to some degree our construction equipment I don’t think it’s probably going to move the needle, I don’t think it’s material but it would certainly impact at a little bit in our case. Again we get down to low 70s a lot of best we’re going to change on a lot of things and there is no doubt that would be impacted to some degree I would agree with that.
Doug Oberhelman: Certainly, the fracing site preparation has been a help but boy we’re seeing kind of across the board steady growth lower than we like but steady growth in the other businesses as well for construction equipment.
Doug Oberhelman: I don’t know if I said I was hopeful but I said it could be upside but there is a possibility and it depends on a lot things in congress. I think in terms of India, we’re definitely going to see infrastructure spending increase at a significant rate. We mentioned Turkey in the right up I’m also optimistic in Brazil although there is election there at this weekend but both candidates, both parties are talking about reflecting the economy and Brazil is always used infrastructure as a way to do that. In our case, we could see some kind of either a steady extension of what we’re doing or a bit up as congress prices stimulate the economy or do what they do but I wouldn’t say I’m hopeful but it could happen I put it that way.
Doug Oberhelman: But just to clarify the vast majority of that is not resource industries or mining -- and around the construction equipment business. In fact, resource industries restructuring in 2014 of the 450s one of the smaller pieces.
Doug Oberhelman: For us sales and orders are pretty much the same thing, we turn around parts orders usually and about 24 hours so there is no significant backlog there. So one is about the same as the other. For the company overall, part sales were positive and I think seem to be starting to build some momentum and that’s a good thing. Mining is still I would say weak and really not much change one way or the other.
Doug Oberhelman: So what I would – I gave you a solar because that’s mostly oil and gas. The recip -- factories we build engines they get sold into different application. So, the data that I see around backlog is around product not end market necessarily. So, but I would tell you I think anecdotally a lot of the strength has actually been oil and gas.
Doug Oberhelman: We’re not trying to be tricky on profit we just didn’t make a profit outlook and we trying to really hard to give all the pieces that make a profit outlook for next year that doesn’t mean that it’s terrible that doesn’t mean it’s great, it just means that we didn’t get an outlook.
Doug Oberhelman: I suspect we’ll talk more about that in January. We have savings in ‘14 and we’ll certainly have more in ‘15.
Mike DeWalt: Sometimes I think there is confusion around dealer inventories. Since we sell through dealers, we frequently talk about changes in dealer inventory that kind of help give a complete picture of what’s going on. But just because inventories go up or down doesn’t mean that they’re – themselves that doesn’t mean that it’s well managed or poorly managed. There are lot of seasonal impacts that go on during the year in construction for example, we had a sizable increase in the first quarter in inventory and that kind of builds up for the spring and summer selling season and that it gets worked on for the rest of the year. That happened in the third quarter last year that happened in the third quarter this year, fourth quarter of that usually tends to happen as well. Dealers tend to sell a little more than we ship them. So, that occurred in the third quarter than it probably occur again next quarter. In terms of construction, it’s a mix bag around the world. We tend that we live in the U.S. and we get influence by what we hear in the U.S. a lot and it’s been actually pretty positive, it’s been quite a bright spot although, I wouldn’t make the pitch that allow us better that doesn’t mean it’s great. We are I guess 7 to 8 years now past where the peak was and that was ‘06 and ’07. So, we still have a ways to go to get to where we would think it’s really good but it has been better. Other parts of the world it’s a little bit of a different story. China has been week, our share there has been pretty good and rising but that doesn’t offset a weaker industry. Europe has been flat to slightly up for us which I think is a surprise to a lot of people but again you kind of have to think back to where it’s come from and how low it got. My comment about U.S. not being back to peak goes even more so for Europe, there is a lot of room for Europe I think to improve; they can ever get economic growth kicked back in there. So, that’s a little bit of a rundown to the world.
Mike DeWalt: Well, there are several questions wrapped in there if we take locomotives specifically no doubt next year is going to be lower but that would if you just looking at locomotives that would actually be up positive for mix the margin of locomotive would be not the same as the segment average. So no, I don’t think that would not have a negative mix impact next year. In fact, big sales of that in the fourth quarter would likely have would be another reason that fourth quarter mix might be a little weaker. I think it’s probably a good time to kind of take that whole rail sector and kind of frame a bit how it could impact next year. Our view at least at this point is that certainly locomotive sales will be down, but remember our rail sector that industry, our business there has more than just new locomotives. We have a very large service business and then we have a pretty sizable parts business for locomotives and we have a healthy international business that we expect to be up actually next year. So overall our view is that rail will have a negative but probably less than 2% impact on energy and transportation next year, hope that helps.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, that’s a good question Andy I know that’s certainly been on everyone’s mind with what’s happened to oil prices over the last two weeks. And certainly lower oil prices on a particular help they’re about where they were right now couple of years ago and our business didn’t fall apart two years ago in oil and gas. So while it’s not a big positive we don’t think it’s going to be a significant negative as well, at least not where it’s at now. You asked a question about how low would oil prices have to go and that’s always kind of the sliding question it will depend a lot on where they were how long they stay, it’s a very difficult question to answer. I can’t say that we’re at now kind of where we have been over the last, not last year but a couple of years ago we were down at this level and again it wasn’t all that negative. Remember the majority of our oil and gas business is gas compression and oil and gas production transformation. So production is a big driver in our business. Also particularly for our turbine business, it tends to be pretty long term. The kind of projects that our customers are doing are big many of them multibillion dollar projects that go several years, most of those big oil companies they understand that there are short-term fluctuations in price and those big investment projects that they have in-flight which would effectively be in our backlog at the moment. They generally don’t change those based on short-term fluctuation. So all in all I would say we like to see a little higher oil price but kind of where is at now we don’t see it having a big negative impact.  One other just minor point maybe around that and that is the dividend that could play through potentially in other parts of the business. When oil prices are down there is usually a pretty direct consumer impact of that purchasing gasoline and lower price of oil leads to a lower pump price which puts a little more money in everybody’s pocket. So maybe that would be helpful for the economy overall.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, and I made the comment a few minutes ago and I think there’ve been a lot of elections this year I mean one of the U.S. is coming out so, hopefully we’ll have a window where the government can work together to make some progress before the next election.
Mike DeWalt: No I don’t think it would happen in the lame-duck although anything can happen but I would say it’s more going into post-election in 2015 as maybe there is some consensus to try to get after job creation, grow the economy faster that could push on some element of tax reform a little bit and infrastructure, those would be the two things that have an outside chance of something happening but bigger than right now but I’m not going to call it is going to happen.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, actually I won’t point anyone thing, we start the year by paying $400 million to $500 million and some of the projects we understood very specifically some were being studied and that was the reason we had a range in other words – that we might do some of that we might not do. Last quarter, our estimate was closer to 400 so we kind of revised it down a little bit, that estimate right now is closer to 450 so there are a couple of more things that we’re doing, none of them are material, none of them would we want to fall out separately but the only thing we’ve talked about separately that individually is pretty material is the European restructuring we did in construction. So again, we started out the year saying 400 to 500 and I think we’re going to basically come in there.
Mike DeWalt: So in 2014 I think, this is maybe an odd way to say it but I think construction is a little bit and this is probably not the right choice or words but more back to normal. If you go back to starting in late ‘12 and throughout much of ‘13 in construction we were reducing inventory both ours and dealers and that had negative impacts on production, it was made price realization tougher. So I think 2013 was very tough year for construction because of that. So, and I think this year if you look at dealer inventory changes I mean there have been changes by quarter, but by in large they’re likely to end the year about where they started. Production levels are kind of matching demand in other words and have been pretty stable. So that the point that Doug made earlier that’s really help efficiency and we don’t have kind of the downward changes if you will. And in fact, you see part of that there are price realization this quarter versus a year ago.  I think in terms of the restructuring charges there is a little bit of benefit in this year again much of it is around restructuring our Belgium facility and some of the benefits are in this year and more will be added in next year a bit and then after. So I think there is more to come in terms of restructuring benefits for construction.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, again this goes back. What we’re talking about here is dealer inventory last quarter we said we thought that dealer inventory was going to come down somewhere around 800 million and this quarter dealer inventory went down 600 million. I would call that given your ability to forecast that all the moving parts of that side actually pretty good I think it’s directionally what we thought it was going to be but I think the fourth quarter is probably going to be directionally what we thought it would be. And it’s a couple of things part of it seasonality, construction adds to inventory. If you think about the Northern Hemisphere where you’re in winter not a lot of activity going on then and so we tend to produce more and dealers tend to stock up. You can kind of smooth load things a little bit better and then it gets old throughout the rest of the year. That’s pretty common that’s happen this year. We’ve had absolute reductions that I wouldn’t call seasonal in mining and that has continued although the reductions are little bit maybe less than they were a year ago, that dealer inventory is coming down and it’s at a pretty low level right now. If I look at dealer inventory overall, I would say it’s in pretty borrowing the seasonal changes that occur. And I would it’s in pretty good shape. We do not have a dealer inventory problem for say.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, okay, David. So I would say overall and this is one of the industries where we actually do have a little bit better visibility than say construction where relative to sales that order book is usually a little less. It turns over quicker. I’d say it’s pretty healthy and in fact if you look at solar it’s not it’s actually roughly where it was a year ago it’s not changed much during the year, if you look at the rest of energy and transportation in the reciprocating engine piece of it, it’s up we had a nice increase in the third quarter and I’d say it’s pretty healthy levels. When we forecast next year we don’t just look at the backlog and forecast forward, it’s more like we’re out there trying to figure out what we think will actually happen in terms of sales then we use the backlog as maybe kind of a reality check to see if that makes sense. So, I would say for energy and transportation, we still have a pretty good backlog.
Mike DeWalt: Yes, I think in terms of kind of giving more guidance again. If you look at this year and you look at our original outlook again we’ve been certainly surprised with some operational items particularly our margin and we’ve also been helped in last quarter by currency but I think clearly at an operational basis we’re really happy with where our margins are relative to flat sales and we see them, moving forward we see to be absolutely committed to the 25% growth which we think is a pretty good number.
Mike DeWalt: Well that’s a good question. Actually rental has been affecting the business I would say increasingly for I don’t know 10, 15 years. And particularly when times are more uncertain customers have the tendency to rent more. Remember we tend to not sell through rental houses we sell the CAT dealers who are in the rental business. And we’ve had particularly in the U.S. we’ve had positive sales through the rental channel and positive sales through the end user owner channel I don’t think there is anything out there that is driving a big structural change that impacted ‘14 or that will drive a big directional change in ‘15. But I think it is true that as customers get more and more focused on asset utilization, the rental channel can be more attractive. That’s why we’re big time in the rental business. It’s a key element of the across the table initiative I mean it’s a definite part of the channel here to say. 
Mike DeWalt: Yes, when you look at construction and I kind of touched on this a little bit ago. There are two parts of the business, parts for example where we have little to no backlog because we get an order we ship, we get an order we ship it. So it’s not the kind of thing that lands to a lot of visibility based on a backlog. Then construction is a little bit like that to generally when our customer or a dealer orders kind of on average they get it in a few months.  So the backlog isn’t quite like it would be for maybe a big turbine or a big mining truck. So, again I would say construction we forecast based on what we think is going to happen economically where the market is relative to replacements, we look at where dealer inventory and we’re taking a lot of factors, backlog and short-term visibility don’t play into construction or part sales that all as much as they do in some of the other parts. So I guess bottom line, it was a long-winded answer to say within construction it’s normal not to have a lot of concrete visibility to a backlog.
Mike DeWalt: I think that’s the case for all of our -- I mean this is worldwide comment but for all of our segments. We said flat to slightly up next year and we don’t see either energy or transportation, construction or resource industries being kind of far from that. It looks pretty flat up a little for much of the business. 
Mike DeWalt: All right. We are at top of the hour so we’ll sign-off. Thank you very much for joining us on the conference call today. We’ll talk to you next quarter.
David Raso - ISI Group: Okay. And then lastly, on the puts and takes for 2015, I know we're not giving an earnings guidance, but just trying to think of the moving parts, things we've said in the past. Do they still stand for restructuring savings for next year? Any carryover or incremental benefits from repo, the short-term incentive comp? I know you bumped it up to $1.3 billion today for this year. Just trying to think about those puts and takes and maybe a comment on pension. Just something to frame the puts and takes for the 2015 earnings model. 
David Raso - ISI Group: Brad, if you can hear me, I basically -- you started to talk about a little bit beyond the comment of incremental is 25% on the way up, 25% to 30% on the way down and just how the segments (multiple speakers). 
David Raso - ISI Group: Obviously flat sales or sales don't move up or down much, incrementals are a little less telling. It's a law of small numbers. So I think what we are just trying to figure out -- we used to speak of restructuring savings over time being $400 million to $500 million with -- a lot of the savings after 2015 would be significant, but even 2014 I think we used to speak of maybe a couple hundred million of savings, trying to think what that number could be in savings for next year, again, trying to think through the repo. And we can all make our own projections around sales, but we're just trying to think of non-volume sensitive items. 
