Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks, Jerry, for your question. So, as we’ve been discussing in the last several earnings calls, we’re positive about mining in just the general environment, everything from the energy transition, driving the need for more commodities is creating opportunities in mine. And we’re continuing to see strong inquiry and quotation activity and increase in orders as we discussed. So, certainly, we’re working very closely with our customers to help meet their emissions goals as well. There’s been a number of announcements I know you’re aware of over this year. So again, I don’t believe it’s holding up orders. We’re seeing orders play out much as we had expected, and we’ve been communicating with you over the last few calls. Generally, it’s -- we’re still on the path of expecting not a big spike up, but a continued gradual improvement in mining orders.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks, Rob. We were encouraged to see the 17% increase this year up to $19 billion. And this is something that our company is very focused on. Our dealers are very focused on, and we’ve talked about a number of the things that we’re doing, everything from continuing to invest in our digital capabilities, using analytics or what we call PSEs or Prioritized Service Events to have sent targeted leads to our dealers, signing more CVAs, so that we have those contracts that helps us better serve the customer, minimize downtime, maximize equipment availability and capture more of the aftermarket of the well. So, it’s a win-win-win for the customer, for the dealer and for CAT. So, we are pleased with the progress that we’re making. I’m never satisfied that we’re moving fast enough in every area of the business. I want us to move faster, but I am very pleased to see the commitment by our dealers, the commitment by our by our teams to continue to execute on this initiative. And we said it wouldn’t be a straight line up. We knew we had to make a number of investments, and we’re making those investments and we are starting to see progress on the top line as well. So again, so far, so good. We know it would be a tough slog, but the whole company is aligned behind that goal.
Jim Umpleby: Good morning, Jamie. I’ll start, and then I’ll kick it off to Andrew. So, we do have a strong backlog, and the biggest increase was in E&T. And we feel good about that because in E&T, we tend to typically have a good line of sight to actual customer orders. So, we do feel positive about that. Now, let me Andrew take you there.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. Well, certainly, semiconductors have been a challenge for us. And I would not say that they are -- they have not started to get better from our perspective. Of course, it’s very difficult to predict when the improvement will occur, but it’s still creating a challenge for us. Semiconductors go into many kind of electronic commitments components, including engine controllers. And it’s one of the things that, as we look at margins in E&T in the fourth quarter, we talked about the premium freight. Part of that was a result of just because we couldn’t get engine controllers because the engine controller manufacturer couldn’t get semiconductors, we wind up air freighting more engines that both to internal and external customers than we had anticipated. So there’s a lot of experts out there making predictions on when things will start to improve. We haven’t seen that yet. We’re hopeful as we go through the year that that will improve, but we haven’t seen it yet.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. So, we certainly do expect to have higher production this year of -- again, I talked about the fact that customer demand is strong. That’s the positive story, and we’ve talked about the challenges with supply chain. So, it is difficult to predict the exact extent, and we’re not giving that kind of a number, but it really just comes down to supply chain. The demand is there.
Jim Umpleby: Thanks for your question. As I mentioned, we did not increase prices as quickly. So that the first price increase we had for machines didn’t apply to E&T just given the market conditions at the time that we were facing in E&T. Certainly, the world has changed since then with increasing oil prices and increasing demand. So we have taken price increases since then, and we intend to continue to work to offset input cost. And I’ll let Andrew comment in terms of when you may think those that will show.
Jim Umpleby: And again, supply chain constraints will also have an impact, right? So supply chain constraints start to ease, that will help as well.
Jim Umpleby: Yes. I’ll start with restructuring, and then I’ll toss it to Andrew. In terms of restructuring, you are we task our leaders to continually find ways to improve our competitiveness. And the increase that we talked about in 2022 is associated with some specific projects that we have going that we’ve known about for some time. And so, that really is the reason for that. In terms of a customized approach, I would say that certainly, we’re working to meet the unique needs of our customers, but there’s a lot of applicability across our products and across our customers for the solutions that we’re developing. So, you shouldn’t assume that each one is a one-off solution, although there’s a certain amount of uniqueness. If you think about a mine site, different mine sites will have different -- some mine sites will have grid availability, but not very many. Some, we’ll look at hydrogen. Some, we’ll look at electrification. So, there is some variability. However, having said that, a lot of the core technologies that we’re developing will be applicable across product lines and across segments. So, it’s not a complete customized approach. And I’ll let Andrew take it from there.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks for your question. So, the dealer inventory is towards the low end of the normal range, and it’s really a function of strong demand and the supply chain challenges that we’ve discussed this morning. We do expect, as the supply chain conditions start to ease, that they would get within a normal range. And we typically don’t think about it in terms of absolute dollar ranges. And if you’re thinking about a long term, it’s more how many months of a dealer has. So, again, dealer inventory will depend on a number of things. And assuming that we can supply everything they need, it will depend upon their view of the future, whenever it’s going to happen in that year and the next year. So again, as we mentioned, we don’t expect a significant change in dealer inventory this year. But assuming the supply chain conditions improve and based on the strong demand that we’re seeing, if that all continues, I would expect over time that dealer inventory would start to come up and get back into the -- more of the middle of the normal range.
Jim Umpleby: Well, thanks for your question. And as you say, it is a challenge to figure out the specifics. But, just given the amount of money that’s going to be invested and the way that our products are used for infrastructure, we do believe it will provide a bit of a tailwind for us. If nothing else, one of the things that it does is it provides more certainty to our customers, or if a contractor is trying to decide, in fact, they want to make a capital investment to buy a new machine, if they know there’s a high probability of a pipeline of work for several years, they’re much more likely to go ahead and pull the trigger and make that capital investment and buy the machine. So, we do expect -- again, it takes a while for these things to manifest themselves into projects than to orders to us, but we do believe, again, it will start to impact us towards the end of this year and into next year. So hopefully, with the supply chain challenges, hopefully, will ease by then, and we’ll be able to meet that increased demand. But we’re quite positive about the passage of the bill.
Jim Umpleby: Okay. So, let me start. So obviously, as you look through 2022, actually -- although we do see some variability quarter-on-quarter in sales volumes, actually, it’s not a huge variability. So actually, whether it’s absolute or in percentage terms, it’s not going to be a significant real variability change between the two. But as I say, we think we expect it to be pretty even. The reason being, obviously, you start lapping earlier price increases in 2021, as you go through 2022, then you have some long lead time items, which start to benefit. So, that’s part of that mix, which is why we think, overall, it will be pretty even throughout the year. Obviously, that is subject to not needing to put further price increases than we’re already planning in 2022 through. Obviously, that E&T, as we say, has been lower. But obviously, we expect E&T to catch up with the other segments, so there will be variation between the individual business units as we go through. RI was also slightly less than CI, for example, in 2021. Just on premium freight. I mean, interestingly, if you look at the actual dollar value, freight actually, versus material cost, is actually normally a very small number. And we have seen it really exponential rise in freight costs. A couple of factors. Obviously, as I pointed out, the underlying inflation has been significant, and that’s well reported and well recognized. And secondly, obviously, we’re premium freighting a lot more. That can be premium freighting for parts, some of which we will recover from dealers but some of it will also be premium freighting for components to keep the factories going. And always there, what you’re trading off is between the cost of holding the factory open and not working versus actually the cost of that freight. So it has increased a lot. If you remember my comments I mentioned about, we thought the margins were about 100 basis points worse than we had originally anticipated for the quarter in absolute terms. Part of that was freight and part of that was labor manufacturing inefficiencies is probably about half, half. So, it was probably 50 basis points in the quarter. So obviously, one of the things we’ll have to watch and keep an eye on is how do those bottlenecks, particularly on the freight side, unwind as we go through 2022 and also the supply chain bottlenecks as well, that will reduce the level of freight that we would need to use.
Jim Umpleby: And again, one of the things that we’re doing is we’re focusing on meeting customer -- as opposed to redoing building dealer inventory, we’re focused on meeting customer needs, right? And so that’s really what we’re prioritizing with our dealers as we deal with the supply chain constraints.
Jim Umpleby: Well, I’ll answer the last part of the question first. We also have the ability to export outside of China. So that applies to us as well. So, it’s not just an issue of others being able to export out of China. We can do the same thing. If, in fact, we have in the supply chain constrained environment, additional capacity in China does allow us to export from there to meet other demands around the world. So, we’re in that same boat. I’ll let Andrew take the first part of the question.
Andrew Bonfield: So Andrew, apologies if you heard that we were expecting margins to decline sequentially. Actually, we don’t. We expect them to be obviously impacted year-over-year as a result of the impact of higher manufacturing costs versus price. So, that actually, we do expect still sequentially, as you would normally see. Obviously, there’s normally a big ramp up between Q1 and Q4. We do expect overall that margin trend, we’ll see an increase, but it won’t be as big an increase as you would normally have seen. That impacts, obviously. And so, what we look at as we go through the year, and we’re thinking about, obviously, what we saw in the fourth quarter, price was favorable by just over $500 million, manufacturing costs adverse by about $800 million. We expect a little bit better price in Q1 because of the impact of the October price increase we put through. That will then help a little bit. Obviously, manufacturing costs will continue at a similar level because, last year, we actually had a small reduction in material costs in the first quarter. Freight did increase a little bit. So, there’ll be a little bit of change between those two, but that will be the impact. As we go through the year, obviously, we start to lap those very significant manufacturing cost increases that we saw in Q3 and Q4. So, the comps become easier, but price will remain pretty consistent throughout the whole year. And again, just to remind you, our expectation is that revenues will rise in 2022. And obviously, that does mean that obviously our margin targets will be impacted by that as a result of trying to maintain that comparable 300 to 600 basis points improvement versus the reference period of 2010 to 2016.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So, on price protection, as you know, obviously, it depends segment by segment. We have a mix of some longer-term contracts where you do have escalators. But obviously, depending on the timing of an order, there will be some impact on backlog from pricing or price protection. Key thing to note and just to remind you is when we look at our overall expectations for what we see as manufacturing cost increases versus price, we do take into account any price protection when we’re looking and when we’re able to say, we intend obviously for price to more than offset manufacturing costs next year. That then takes into account those price protections we do have within that. And obviously, it depends by segment by segment. Obviously, if you’ve got a long-term mining order, that will have a different contractual response versus obviously something which is a Skid Steer, which is a retail type customer.
Andrew Bonfield: And I think just to add, the only area where obviously we are potentially seeing some slowdown will be probably in construction in China as we look in 2022. Everywhere else, it’s really across the board. We’re looking at good volume potential growth.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. As we’ve indicated, obviously, as you go through the year, price will be pretty even throughout the year. But we do expect, obviously, as time goes -- as we go through the year, we start to let those manufacturing cost increases in the third and fourth quarter, we’ll see the benefit of that. The other thing, just always to remember within Energy & Transportation, one, it does have higher short-term incentive compensation. So therefore, as a percentage, that was more significant on E&T for the year as we look through in 2021. So obviously, that will no longer be a headwind in 2022 and also that E&T will be the area where we’re making investments, particularly in electrification. So, that will be the going the opposite way. But overall, price now is starting to flow through. And obviously, we do need to make sure that we get that to stick and to pull through into 2022.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. Just on the -- again, just to add a little bit more color on the $600 million, the biggest single item there is a noncash item, which are relating to one of those challenged businesses, which, so therefore, will not actually result in a cash outflow but is effectively a part of the reason why it’s such a large charge. On R&D spend, there will be puts and takes as we move into 2022. One, there will be slightly lower short-term incentive compensation that will help. But obviously, that will be a sort of favorability on that. And then, obviously, there will be increased investment. But we don’t actually guide on an individual line item basis. But we do expect to continue to see good growth in R&D, and that’s important for us as we prioritize those investments. But that will make those investments necessary. And as we’ve always reminded you, part of the reason why we gave ourselves 300 basis points of flexibility within the margin target was to enable us to make those right sorts of investments to drive long-term profitable growth as we go through a cycle.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. Joel, I mean, just on dealer inventory. I mean, yes, they are, as we say, at the low end of the range. The reality is, given the current constrained environment, it’s not going to change in 2022. So, if I could give you a number, that will be speculating about 2023, and that would really depend on what they expect to see as far as revenues in 2023. So, I mean, if you were thinking about it from your modeling perspective, it’s not really going to be anything probably until at least 2023. And obviously, as we get an idea, we’ll be as transparent as we can. But in the current environment, it will be purely speculative to give you a number, but they are below where they would normally expect to be. So, that’s really the challenge. As far as production levels are concerned, the reality, obviously, is we can scale production. We are not running anywhere near capacity. So we have plenty of capacity to scale our production up. The question is really is around the supply chain’s ability to deliver that. And again, you’ve seen the increase in the backlog. Backlogs increased by $9 billion over the year. That is significant. Yes, we could supply -- we could produce more. But a lot of those items also are long lead time items. So a lot of that is within Energy & Transportation and within Resource Industries, which generally have a longer lead time anyway. So, again, it’s not a -- how much of that is production constraints versus real. I mean, revenues, remind you, did grow 23% in the quarter. So, to ramp up much further would be a little bit more challenging.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. On geo mix, I mean, which obviously, as you know, does impact pricing, we did see a small benefit, obviously, as China reduces, but most of it actually, I remind you now that actually a lot of the machines we sell in China are actually the lower-spec GC and GX machines. So the impact on geo mix was slightly less than you would normally have anticipated in Q4.
Andrew Bonfield: Yes. So Mig, so first of all, obviously, remind you that actually fourth quarter from a sales and revenues perspective actually is our highest quarter. So actually, sequentially, we go down slightly in Q1 versus Q4. So, that is why we expect manufacturing cost increase to slightly moderate but not hugely versus what we saw in Q4. And then, as with regards to price decreases, input cost decreases, as you remember, we’ve told you before, we tend to have a three to six-month lag. We are still in a position where we are still dealing with price increases, some of those lags coming through. Obviously, if steel prices do continue to reduce, that potentially will be a benefit as we move into later this year. We’re not relying on that for our expectations for the year. Obviously, we’ll see how that pans out. But given that lag, it’s a little bit early for us to call to see that coming through. So, it would probably be -- if it would -- if it does come through this year, it will be very late in the year.
