Douglas Oberhelman: Maybe before we do that I’d like to interject here a little bit. It’s Doug Oberhelman speaking. As you know, I’ll become CEO in about two months time, and I thought given that this is Jim Owens’ last quarterly call, I would mention a few key statistics of Jim’s time in office here; what’s happened during what will no doubt be one of the most interesting runs as CEO in our history where sales mushroomed and then sales tanked and I’ll get into that in just a little bit. Jim has done, we all think here, a wonderful job for our company, and let me tell you some of that. Jim became our CEO on February 1, 2004. That seems like many lifetimes ago, Jim but it went fast and here we are in 2010 already. That’s six years and 24 quarters for the record. 2003 earnings per share before Jim came in as CEO were $1.56 a share, and I know as I look back on some of these statistics, I had forgotten a lot of this history. Of course we peaked at $5.66 a share in 2008, which was a record of any time in our history. 2003 sales were $23 billion and I can remember so well a couple of studies we did at that time wondering how we were going to ever break above $20 billion where we had been stuck for six or seven years or so at that number, and sure enough in 2008 we ballooned up to $51 billion and exceeded Jim’s strategic goal of $50 billion by 2010. Unfortunately, in 2009 we cut that back by almost 40% and now as you can see from our outlook for 2010, we’re back up to $40 billion. This really gets interesting. During this period of time when Jim was our CEO and Chairman, our stock has risen almost 80% even with the ups and downs of 2009, a tremendously successful run as CEO and Chairman. When Jim took over our quarterly dividend was $0.185 and today it’s $0.42. That’s 125% increase, and I will tell you that Jim was the main cheerleader, main arm twister of our Board and main driver of maintaining that dividend last year when everybody else was looking to cut around our industry and so many other companies. He was forthright in his determination that we were going to make it through it. We were going to be profitable in ’09, which we were, maintained our dividend and our cash flow, which we did, and it paid off very well for shareholders. Employment’s up about 25,000 during this period. It certainly was up more than up, but in the end, we’re still up over where he started, and I think what he’ll really be remembered for and all of you as shareholders and the sell side, probably don’t know a lot of this, but the internal things we changed on Vision 2020, which was his strategy plan that we are working on revising now again, it brought us to growth in China and emerging markets. It brought us a cap reduction system. It brought us improvements in quality we’re seeing. It brought us efficiencies in our factories, set us up for the next few years, which will really see these things pay off, and we’re all pretty excited about that. He set us up for the tier-four stage three B in Europe, emissions regulations, brought us the acquisition of Progress Rail which has turned out to be a real winner and one we’re extremely happy of, and I know Jim is very proud of his attendance and membership in the Economic Advisory Council under President Obama. Another final cap on this, market cap when Jim took over was about $27 billion. Today’s I notice it’s right at $45 billion, and just a great run with this giant rollercoaster in the middle, but he got us through all that.  So Jim, with that, and this will be the first of many – not the first – but the first of many farewells between now and November 1. But congratulations to you and these statistics you can hold up to anybody anywhere in history anytime.
Douglas Oberhelman: Maybe just one touch of color to that too, as you know the recovery in machine sales, particularly in the United States, Europe and Japan, these are all OECD countries, is pretty anemic at this point, so we have very robust growth occurring across the Asia Pacific theater, Latin America and selected parts of Europe, Africa and Middle East, but very anemic growth in the OECD world which is a substantial percentage of the total industry globally.
Douglas Oberhelman: Let me just add a little bit to that. Mark you’re right. We were definitely more bearish last August about Solar’s 2010 than we are today. Several things have happened. Mike alluded to most of those. I would say the biggest surprise we had was, that’s new since we talked to you last was a couple of very big orders in Latin America that are coming through in2010 that we did not expect to surface. They did, and that really helped out the year for 2010. And then secondly, the phenomena around shale gas in the U.S., which is growing everywhere. You can read about that constantly, but that’s driving lots of new investment drilling and that’s full compression of course into the mainline gas lines of the United States.  So those two things have been a, one in the case of Latin America, very positive outcome we did not know about at that time, and shale gas has held up a lot more briskly than we thought. So those two are the broader things that I would answer that with.Mark Koznarek – Cleveland Research Company: Just to follow up on this turbine business, what roughly is the manufacturing cycle time? Are these two and three quarter kind of production schedules or could we potentially even see further upward revision if orders come in. Could they still impact revenues later this year.
Douglas Oberhelman: That’s for new packages for their customer services side of the business, which is very substantial for them. They can react in shorter time frames.
Douglas Oberhelman: I would say at this stage, it’s going to be hard to judge ’11 for lots of reasons. But, we’re just over half way through implementation of our lean strategy right now, which we’ve got a long ways to go with that. Where it is working, the dealers love it. We love it and it’s really going to pay off. But how that sorts out with the ramp up here the rest of 2010 and how fast we can get that fully implemented is going to part of the answer to 2011, as is the economic environment in 2011. But we’ve got a view that between rentals, between dealer inventory and between our finished goods inventory in lane one, that entire, the aggregate of that mix is what we’re aiming for to improve any prior cycle we’ve had. So it’s a big, even if we wanted to comment about 2011, which we don’t we would not be in a position just yet to talk about the full impact of the lane strategy. But it’s coming and I think by the time we see in August, we’ll have a lot better I think, idea of where that’s going to end up. But we’re still in the growth stage and formative stage of that as we go, and many of you have heard that through your dealer surveys as well.
Douglas Oberhelman: Let me talk about Tier Four a little bit, and you’ll be seeing our strategy on Tier Four roll out here in the next few weeks, a month or two in terms of what we intend to do with our models that we offer and our pricing strategy. As you know, the off-road business really has never seen a pre-buy business phenomena like the on road business has. Depending on what the strength of the economy, when all of us in the industry announce 2011 strategies, I would expect some pressure from customers on some prebuy, but again, it’s going to be spotty and dependent. You’ve got to remember, Tier Four 3B only applies to really Western Europe, Japan and America, and then it’s a phase in. the rest of the world has nothing to do with Tier Four at the moment which would be two-thirds of the business if not a little more. But I would expect in some models, in some zones geographically, we would see some heightened order activity midyear, third quarter after they see how we’re all going to come at this for 2011. As it rolls on out through 12 and 13, as more and more the horsepower ratings and ranges come in, and depending on what happens with the January 11 early model adapters, you could see some of that. I think we would expect something around that, but it’s really difficult to predict at the moment with so much uncertainty in exactly the places where Tier Four and 3B is going to occur, Western Europe and the U.S. And it might not be that material, because just sheer capacity in the fourth quarter given how fast things are ramping up.
Douglas Oberhelman: I would just add a couple of things. The manufacturing business and our Progress Rail element have performed well in 2009 as we expected them to do, and they’re enjoying a bit of uptick as well not dissimilar to the rest. So it’s across the board, but the big driver is those aftermarket parts as we’ve said many times, and that’s important to us.
Douglas Oberhelman: Having said that, we’re still cautionary beyond in terms of where we’re going to be in 2010. We were surprised by a couple of big orders we did not anticipate. We’ll see how it goes after that. So I’d say that’s a fair comment, but we go no further.
Douglas Oberhelman: That does not include Tier Four prices. That would be where we’re at today. Tier Four pricing would definitely go up.
Douglas Oberhelman: Let me come back to this a little bit in terms of Tier Four phase in and Tier Four is not a big bang by any stretch. In fact, there’s some fairly narrow horsepower band ratings that phase in beginning January 1, 2011. That’s the very first pricing activity we would take for Tier Four emissions and then over the next four years, culminating with the big high horsepower stuff and locomotives and barges, Tier Four is done. But nothing happens in ’10, and then it’s really a building wave in ’11, ’12, ’13, ’14 and ’15 as those new products come in. There’s lots of ways to use the regulations to the industry’s benefit in there as well. So we’ll be talking a lot more about that probably in August and you’ll see as we go what our strategy will be as the year rolls on.
James Owens: Thank you, Doug. I’m speechless. It is true. Those are all facts. So Mike, we’ll go back to you and our Q&A session.
James Owens: Just a brief comment. Capital goods are notoriously difficult to forecast. Three to six months ago, most of you, all of our dealers, many of our customers were very pessimistic about the global economy and I don’t think they saw the V-shaped recovery, particularly in a lot of commodity sectors and emerging markets that was unfolding even at that time. So we’ve had a very sharp bounce back in enthusiasm here, and quite frankly, our economics’ group was well ahead of most marketing groups as well as even customers in forecasting the upturn and the strength of commodity markets. So as early as October last year, we’ve been out working with suppliers, not only our direct suppliers, but our second tier suppliers helping them understand this inventory cycle and how it was going to impact their sales. I think we’re more ahead of it if you will certainly than we were coming into the ’04 cycle, and our ability to ramp up now, is really a function of how fast we can bring the supply chain along. Our ability, we’re kind of capacitized for $55 billion or so top line sales and revenue, but we’ve got to bring our supply base up to get to that kind of level, and that’s going to take some time. And we’re working that issue very hard. Again, we had a road show in October, helping get them prepared for this eventuality. We weren’t certain it would happen, but we thought there was a high probability. So I think we’re out in front of this to a reasonable extent compared to where we were back in ’04.
James Owens: Thanks Mike, and my thanks to all of you. Let me just start by saying I’ve enjoyed the opportunity over the last six and a half years to work with the analyst community. You’ve been very understanding. We’ve had good working rapport I would say and I appreciate the work that you all do. Secondly of course, the greatest honor for me has been playing quarterback for what I think is one of the finer companies on the global stage; great people the world over and in terms of accomplishments, the people side of the equation, what we’ve done on the safety and engagement side, I think bodes very well for the future of our company. It’s just indicative of the kind of very positive change that we’ve made on a continuous and steady basis. We’re very much focused on managing through the cycle. I think we were challenged certainly to get the pull through we would have liked with explosive growth from ’03 through ’08. I think we demonstrated a lot of capability, maybe surprising some of you, on our ability to manage a very troublesome and horrific recession in ’09. I think it was one of our finest hours. We showed a lot of nimbleness in taking cost out in a hurry and did achieve what we consider a hat trick of sustaining profitability, sustaining our credit rating and our dividend. And, I think we continued to invest in key capacity bottlenecks and in research and engineering that bode very well for our future. We’re very much focused on delivering results for long term shareholders, and sometimes I know that doesn’t square with the image of CEO’s that are focused on just quarterly pennies, but we’re very much focused on the long term shareholder. I think we have our company exceptionally well positioned for growth on a global scale. I can’t tell you, I was honored with Doug’s opening comments, but I think the transition that we planned has been well laid out. It’s going exceptionally well. I’m confident you’re going to hear a strategy roll out in August which shows you exactly how the team is going to take our company to another level going forward for the next five or ten years. So again, it’s been an exciting time. I again appreciate all the work and rapport that we’ve had and good look on the forecast for the coming year.
Mike DeWalt: This is Mike. I’ll start that off. Just as a reminder, we did raise sales guidance today. The midpoint went up about $2 billion. The midpoint of our guidance is $40 billion. I think we provide a range around that because there are uncertainties in terms of what’s going forward. Not everything in the year is positive. I mean there are some parts of the business that – engines for example – we see as being flat this year, not a big increase, at least at the midpoint. I think if you were to look at new machine production and look at the percentages around that, that would look better than the total overall. I think you would find dealer sales are up more than what total sales are, again partly because engines are flat, and the services related businesses that were in the high 40’s in terms of percent of our total sales and revenues are much more stable than the machine and engine business. So bottom line to that is I think just looking at new machine sales percentage wise, that’s where more of the increase is.
Mike DeWalt: The second part of is being relatively flat, that’s a pretty good supposition. The piece before that about it being down significantly, we never used those words. We said it would be off of the peaks of ’08 and ’09. We never really did give a percentage range, but I would have never called it significant. In the improvement that we’ve seen is primarily for Solar than in Latin America, both oil and gas and electric power.
Mike DeWalt: I would say on the short end, Solar would probably be, it depends a lot on the product, but in my last discussions with them, I think on the short end it’s about a six month lead time, and on the longer end, a year for some of the big, more complicated stuff.
Mike DeWalt: I think in all things, there’s a range for all sorts of the product. In other words, there’s a range for mining. There’s a range for oil and gas. Jim made a point a bit ago about Solar service business for example, being able to react. So I think those plus and minus potential for each part of the business. So it depends which part of the business drove us toward the top end.
Mike DeWalt: Seasonality is much more difficult to play in when you’re in kind of an inflection point I think like we are now, where we’ve moved from things getting worse to flattening out to moving up. So I think the way I would think about it is, production will probably ramp as we go through the year.
Mike DeWalt: Material costs were actual favorable in the first quarter and a part of that $566 million of manufacturing costs that we reported. So we’re off to a pretty good start, but in all things you know, the outlook is a forecast and certainly things could change you know, based on where commodity prices are, our discussions with suppliers, the cost reduction actions that we’ve enacted, the purchasing forward that we’ve done. I think we’re reasonably comfortable that we’ll have favorable material costs this year.
Mike DeWalt: Just a couple of things, David, are a variable margin rate in the mid 30’s normally. So with that as a starting point, we do have negative mix like we talked about going forward. We do have a little bit higher R&D costs. When you have big increases in volume, that does drive a little bit of period cost in the factory. Incentive compensation is higher. That’s related to higher profit. So I think those are all things that would take our variable margin rate and kind of mitigate it. Again, I think it’s R&D. I think it’s incentive comp. I think it’s product mix. And that’s what would take our mid 30’s variable margin rate down into the mid 20’s.
Mike DeWalt: It’s hard for me to guess what’s in your model, but I would suspect probably that maybe you’re not factoring in enough for sales mix, I don’t know. 
Mike DeWalt: I’m going to interject. I think we’ll pass on talking about 2011, and we need to move on to the next question.
Mike DeWalt: Definitely if we take machines, definitely we’re seeing increasing end user demand in mining. Actually, if you look worldwide, things actually look slightly positive for residential, although North America is certainly down.  Infrastructure spending around the world looks pretty good. I think generally speaking, if you look worldwide, again driven by the emerging market countries, I think most of all the end markets look from slightly to moderately positive. But mining, from a machine standpoint is definitely looking best. I think for marine, things are looking up right now in oil and gas. We talked about Solar a little bit ago, and Doug touched on the shale gas. Electric power is looking a little bit better. Marine, still weak and the MAK business is probably likely to decline, so marine is probably a weaker one. Actually, in the first quarter we had good sales from industrial. That piece of it I think turns a little quicker, so that’s looking a little more positive. But I think maybe with the exception of big marine, I think most of the end markets are looking a little bit better.
Mike DeWalt: That is one complicated question. I’ll start out with the first part of material costs. We don’t actually do a lot of hedging per se. There’s a little bit but not lot. What we have done a little bit more of this year is do some pre-buys. I guess you might call that a form of hedging, but we’ve gone out to some of our suppliers and done a little bit of pre-buying both to kind of lock in some supply and price. I think those mostly just go out through a couple of quarters, so it’s not massively extensive. I think the biggest positives for us on material costs this year, I think commodity costs will be up, but we’ve done a lot of work to drive cost reduction, design and sourcing related cost reduction, and our view is that’s likely going to offset the commodity related increases this year and keep us slightly favorable.
Mike DeWalt: In the first quarter, machine inventory was about flat, so in the first quarter a year ago, I think machine inventory declined about $300 million. So we said this year would be flat and for machines, that’s what happened actually in the first quarter. Dealers actually took $200 million out for engines.
Mike DeWalt: I think basically, with the lane strategy, you almost have to look at this in pieces. It’s not as simple as just what are lead times because it really depends on what channel they come out of. With lane one for example, our target is about a ten day lead time, and except for a couple of products that are coming out of Japan, and we actually underestimated demand, except for those couple of products, generally speaking that’s about where we’re at. So delivery time for the roughly 24% of machine sales that came out of lane in March, lead times are very, very short. Now, for product that dealers place on the factory and don’t get out of lane one, we’ve moved in terms of quota delivery time from 11 to 12 weeks to around 15 weeks. So it has moved out, and I think that really a function of again, being an inflection point where we are in process of moving production up to a higher level. I would point out though, as a part of that, we are giving preferential treatment to dealer orders that have a customer attached. So if there’s a customer involved, those orders generally get shipped three or four weeks earlier than an inventory order, if the dealer is ordering to add t his inventory. So I think in the scheme of things, delivery times are going out, but really aren’t too bad.
Mike DeWalt: I’m going from memory here, but I think last year was around 40% in terms of integrated services. So this year is a little bit above that. So in other words, last year we did $9.2 billion and 40% would have been integrated service related.
Mike DeWalt: The only place we actually made any specific comments is around the aftermarket piece of that, and that is definitely improving. Again, the rest of the, in general, in the integrated services business, we don’t go up and down as dramatically as certainly new machine and new engine sales, so I’ll leave it at that. We’ve never really broken them out and shown them separately.
Mike DeWalt: The answer to the first question is if you look at Solar, just a couple of observations. One, we said full year could be close to last year, but last year they had a really big first quarter and second quarter and already in the first quarter their deliveries were below the first quarter of a year ago. So the last three quarters ought to be better. They had a really big second quarter so I would suspect year over year they’ll probably see a bigger increase in the second half of the year.
Mike DeWalt: On the capacity issue, that’s a rough number. Again, we actually did over $51 billion at ’08 prices in ’08 with only one quarter of Japan in the number. So basically the $55 billion is an observation based off where we were in 2008.Andrew Casey – Wells Fargo Securities: I just wanted to clarify that in front of whatever the strategies before Tier Four.
Mike DeWalt: The 12% was really starting in 2011 not 2012 when Tier Four starts, and it’s not necessarily an overall machine number. You know, it’s adjusting those places where you’re going to get Tier Four, I mean for the product that goes to emerging markets that’s not Tier Four, that certainly wouldn’t apply. The point of the article was that kind of on average over kind of the Tier Four implementation, we’re seeing a cost increase and we felt the need to get about 4% for Tier Four and the thought was that we would try to do it uniformly over a few years rather than just one lump sum at introduction say in 2011. So it really wasn’t so much a 2010 comment.
Mike DeWalt: What we talked about was increases of up to 12% on Tier Four product and we were going to phase it in.
Mike DeWalt: We’ll talk about that more when it happens in 2011, but remember all the sales don’t phase in the first year either.
Mike DeWalt: Again, manufacturing costs are material, labor, overheard, warranty, and we expect all of those to be favorable for the full year. They were actually pretty favorable in the first quarter. You know, I think for material costs, it’s probably a little bit easier in the first quarter because we were coming out of, the first quarter of ’09 was coming off of the higher cost level coming out of ’08.  So I would say probably for material costs, with commodity prices up, and I think the comps will get increasingly difficult, so I think material costs will get harder as we go through the year. I think in terms of labor and overhead, we’ve got a lot of programs in place. I think we’re doing a pretty good job. Now the first quarter of last year, that’s when we started the ramp down, but I mean, I think it will probably be favorable as we go through the year. I think further implementation of Cat production system. We’ve got higher volumes, and all of that ought to be pretty good for manufacturing costs.
Mike DeWalt: I think that’s correct. Again, though I think the comps get harder as you go through the year on material costs, so that’s one where I would guess the gap would be shrinking. With that, we’ll let Jim wrap up.
Mike DeWalt: With that, we’re at the end of our hour. Thank you very much and we’ll be talking to you over the next quarter.
