Mike DeWalt: Well, you are right, I’m not going to throw out a number. But I think in my opinion, we had a one positive item the Siwei settlement would be in their numbers, if you would have to take out, that would actually make a little bit lower. But we are in the middle of pretty heavy inventory decreases and that in total, the amounts that they are really underselling real demand and the absorption impact probably more than offset that. In sense, we are moving from, let’s just say, higher volumes over the last year to lower volumes this year. Cutting cost is not a process, and that’s going to continue into the second quarter. So if for example, volume, end-user demand kind of hung in at this level. Our sales would probably go up a little bit, because we would stop cutting inventory. We wouldn’t have the Siwei adjustments in there, but costs would likely be lower as we’ve – as where part rates grew kind of the cost cutting activities that we’ve been doing. So I guess my part is that would probably be a little higher than it is now, but I don’t know that I would want to throw out a number.Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners: I guess that was my two. Thank you, Mike.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, again this is Mike. Just a couple of comments, I think when we talk price realization here it’s versus the second quarter a year ago and again, I don’t want to harp too much on this, but we had an absolutely fabulous quarter a year ago. Price realization in the second quarter last year, kind of everything came up heads and we had just about $500 million reported for last year, which was pretty close to a third of the whole year. So, I think to start the discussion off, it was – in total and in particular for price, a pretty tough comparison. we did have slightly negative price realization well less than 1% for Resource Industries and for Construction Industries. For Construction Industries, it was mostly in Latin America, and we have a few big deals going on down there that had a little tighter pricing. And I think for mining in general, it’s a tough market out there right now, I mean volume is down quite a bit, and it I think by and large, we’re pretty close to holding our own again with a slight reduction in the quarter compared with a really big quarter a year ago. I don’t’ think there’s any big fundamental shifts. You didn’t ask this question, but I’m going to answer it anyway. As a part of this updated outlook, before we were kind of talking about 1% of this year, we’re not far off that, and I think we’re looking at just a little under 1% for the full-year for the total company this year. So it was a little tighter I think in the second quarter, but pricing didn’t overall go down. it was helped a little bit by better number at Power Systems.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. I mean this is the case where there is a short-term story, there is a long-term story. I think clearly, if you look at long-term, I mean I know the market doesn’t like to look out this far, but if you look out at a point where China is developed, say today to the level of Japan or South Korea or Europe maybe, the excavator population, the construction equipment population in terms of equipment relative to the economy currently is a lot lower than those developed countries. So as the standard living wise is there at the level of development, builds out over time, the population of equipment in China will certainly need to grow. I guess the big question you have is, will that take three years, five years, 10 years, 20 years, 50 years. And I think that depends a lot on the scale of China’s growth. From our perspective, I think it’s going to grow. I mean our view is it, it’s probably I guess the second biggest economy in the world today and it is growing at a faster pace than the rest of the world and it’s important, it’s going to grow and this level of development is going to grow. And I think as a result of that construction equipment industry, there it’s going to need to grow. But it is true when we see that in our part sales in China. As the population is increased and the equipment gets used, it has driven part sales up in China over the past few years and as that population continues to develop that’s a trend that will probably continue.
Mike DeWalt: Well, that will dependent upon what our forecast for the first quarter sales is, because when we look at it, months of supply is kind of related to the forward-looking sales estimate for the quarter. So since we don’t have that out there right now, it’s a little bit tough for me to just say that. But I think our expectation is it would certainly be in the range, yeah.Andrew Kaplowitz – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then if I could ask a follow-up on Resource Industries’ margins. I mean, I know people are already hitting you on that. I guess, the issue that we have is the decremental margin in that particular business looks exceedingly low, and you’ve talked about really accelerating cost takeout in 2Q. Is it possible to quantify how much cost takeout you really started in 2Q in terms of expense, so maybe we can sort of pass-through why the decrementals were so low. I know you are going to tell me that mix is negative also.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, again, if you look at the last outlook and this outlook, the main driver of the decline is dealer inventory. So I mean that’s the biggest driver and that is machines. So it’s a combination of Resource Industries and Construction. What we’re looking at in the back half of the year is probably more slanted to Resource Industries. So I think proportionately of the decline in the outlook, more of it would have been Resource Industries certainly than Construction. And actually, Power Systems is sort of flat to slightly up in the outlook.Jamie L. Cook – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, but you didn’t answer the question on…
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, I think directionally, both of those numbers are kind of the same, but remember when we were talking about the 50%, that's not end-user demand that's what we’re selling to dealer's.Jamie L. Cook – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Yes.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah, it’s holding up pretty steady. We had a really strong first half last year. Coal mining was still doing okay and then it’s kind of started to tail off a bit in the second half of last year, but our expectations for aftermarket this year haven't really changed.Jamie L. Cook – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. I’ll get back in queue.
Mike DeWalt: Yeah. I think when you say incremental margins; you are talking about kind of from the first half to second half.David M. Raso – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Yeah, I’m talking sequentially.
Mike DeWalt: I would love to answer that question directly. But and I said about five times in my script, we're not doing an outlook. I think the message that we're trying to get people to think about is just the scale of the impact that dealer inventory reduction has had in this year. And the likelihood that, there is a lot of water to go under the bridge, and so I'm hesitating a little bit on making too much in the way of predictions about next year. Well, I think given the scale of what's happened this year, it's certainly not likely that that's going to happen again in terms of dealer inventory reduction. So…
Mike DeWalt: With that, I’m afraid we’re at the end of our hour here today. Thank you very much for joining in and we’ll talk to you this time again next quarter.
Brad Halverson: Hi, Ann, this is Brad Halverson, and it’s a good question. If you look at the second quarter, I think there is a couple of things if you look to the right up to consider in terms of results. On it’s close to 70% of our drop in sales, are mining which is negative for mix. But even putting that to a side, if you just look at the period cost absorbed kind of impact, you get to a decremental margin slightly under 30% and we’ve talked about 25% to 30% kind of a decremental margin in terms of our target. So for the quarter, you will get slightly under 30%. If you look full-year at our outlook, even with all the headwinds you’ll get to a decremental pull-through of 24%. And this was something that we spend a lot of time on, internally. We have targets that we’ve committed to. And if you look across our segments Resource, Construction, Power, Financial Products each of them, as we talked about before, have made a commitment as to what they’ll make at certain volume levels, which ties to our external commitment and they are executing on that. So when we get through the end of the year, we’ll be at 650 right around 24% which is, with the mining headwind I think a good number.
Brad Halverson: We can’t do it regionally anyway, but overall machine operation is service meter units on the fuel population that we have monitored today are relatively steady and have that. And I think as we look back a few months. So overall, that’s a worldwide number including the U.S., China and everywhere else in the world. So it’s hard to say that regionally.Ashish R. Gupta – Credit Agricole Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks very much.
Brad Halverson: Hey, Andrew.Andrew Kaplowitz – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, so if you look at your press release, one of the things that you said is, you believe it’s unlikely that dealers will continue to reduce machinery, machine inventory in 2014. So maybe, Mike if you can talk about your conviction level on that statement, this is first down cycle of that you’ve had with your PDCs, with your product distribution centers. so I guess what I’m wondering is, is there anyway to look at the overall inventory in the channel between the PDCs and the dealers to get a read on whether you think inventory is low enough that you can sort of make that statement, because it’s hard for us, because the PDCs are relatively new development.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Yeah, we do that annually. I want to be careful on how I answer this. If you do an impairment test, it looks forward to what you think you’re going to generate in that business over a longer period in time and we certainly wouldn’t be using a cyclical low straight line going forward. In our mining business, I think there is reasonable headroom, I certainly don’t want to predict what a test would be, but I think the chances of an impairment there are probably not, it certainly not like, but…Ross P. Gilardi – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks very much.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Ashish, I’d like to give you the answer to that, but of all the myriad of data that I made sure I was up to speak on, before I came in here today, I didn’t look at that. So I don’t…
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Yeah, yeah. That’s actually a very good question, Andy. If you just look at dealer inventories, they’re really today, really on the lower side of the historic range, actually, really on the lower side. If you include PDC inventories right now, the sum of the two is probably right kind of maybe, more in the middle of our reasonable range. and we’re looking for continued dealer inventory reduction through the rest of this year. I mean we’re looking at somewhere between $1.5 and $2 billion coming out in the second half. So further from here, I mean mining inventory probably be at about half the level, but it’s started the year and construction down some. Now your question about conviction level, as in all things, it depends upon what the economy does that our sales forecast for next year ends up being and we don’t have that. But if you look at just where months of supply are or the severity of what’s happening, and particularly in construction it’s trajectory of the way the sales chart looks. I think there is a pretty reasonable conviction that dealer inventory is certainly not going to have the kind of declines that it had this year. and probably, I guess at this point, I think it would be, we will have a pretty reasonable conviction that it’s not going to go down certainly at least much next year. But again, I’m going to qualify that, because it depends a lot upon what happens to sale, as into some degree, when it happens next year.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: Yeah. We’ve not given out a number overall, but if you think about it the absorption thing is basically down to fixed costs that essentially get absorbed in and released from inventory, when you build and sell inventory. If your entire business was just buying and selling material, you wouldn't have a lot of value added to absorb. Then the businesses where you are a lot more vertically integrated, you would have more and I think Resource Industries is probably a little more vertically integrated than Construction, for example.Andrew Kaplowitz – Barclays Capital, Inc.:  Thank you.
Douglas R. Oberhelman: David, Doug here. I’ve kind of been waiting to make this point and this inventory swing up and down has been painful on us and our dealers. That is the fundamental reason we established our enterprise system, structure organization and emphasis a few months ago, working on lead times, lead manufacturing, and really getting after a condensed supply chain. And that's my number one initiative between now and the end of '15, and I think I said in the last call, we expect to see some of that in 2015. There is lots of mine, lots of fruit to be picked on this one. And if there is ever a reason or a good way to get after it, it’s this inventory swing that we’ve seen up and down. I just want to make sure you all understand how important that is if we get that organized. We have come a long way, but we still have the ways to go with that, and we’ll start to see that manifest itself late next year and certainly into 2015 a little bit.David M. Raso – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC:  Okay. Thank you very much.
