John E. Elicker - Bristol: I think the operator is not going to announce the callers. So once you get prompted, if you can, go ahead and introduce yourself.
John E. Elicker - Bristol: Thanks, Geoff. Melody, can we go to the next question? And if you have it in front of you, could you announce them on the line so that they know that they're ready to go? Thank you.
John E. Elicker - Bristol: Thanks, everybody. This concludes our call. As always, if you have any follow-ups, give us a call or shoot us an email. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol: Thank you, Chris. This is Giovanni. Let me just start, and I'll ask Tom to comment on both of your questions. On lung strategy, as you heard from me and Tom, we are very comfortable with the fact that we have a very broad approach to first-line lung cancer, a very broad program. We are indeed investigating various treatment modalities, including I-O/I-O, I-O/chemo, and as you know, potentially the combination of the two approaches with I-O/I-O coupled with chemotherapy. And I am pleased that over just a few months, we have been able to evolve our lung cancer program, taking advantage of ongoing studies and that enrollment has progressed I would say very much in line with our expectations. With respect to IDO, the one thing I would say at a very high strategic level is that we see really promising modalities. I think the ability to complement external collaborations as we advance internal programs provide, again, in the same spirit, a very broad set of options for us in order to be competitive from a timing perspective at the same time as we develop potentially best-in-class. But let me ask Tom to give you his comments on both.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol: Gregg, thank you. So from my perspective, let me say that I'm really very happy with the ability that we have to have broadened and strengthened the capabilities on the board. That's clearly very important for a company like ours. With respect to what our priorities are, they really have not changed. We are, as you have seen today, extremely focused on continuing to execute as well as we have for the short term. And we are extremely focused and I am extremely focused on delivering the value of an extraordinarily promising pipeline, which is probably the broadest and the deepest the company has had. So that's where we are spending our time. Those are our priorities, and clearly they are mine as well.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol: Tim, thank you. This is Giovanni. Let me just start. So obviously, a lot has happened in the last 6 to 12 months in first-line lung cancer. As I said earlier and Tom reiterated, this is a very difficult disease to treat. It has evolved very rapidly. You just think of the data that was released in the last 12 months, and it's clear that our competitive position has changed and continues to evolve. My perspective is that today we have the broadest program for first-line development for our immuno-oncology portfolio in lung, and we are extremely focused on executing that program. Execution is on track, and I'll let Tom answer you with respect to study design.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol: And with respect to your question on Eliquis patents, so our composition of matter patent expires February 2023. We have a pending request for restoration of patent terms, which goes until November of 2026.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol: Thanks, David. Let me just start by giving you our perspective with respect to your question on MYSTIC. And as we've commented before, these are different trials with different molecules and different study design. We've actually I believe really worked hard to optimize dosing and schedule. So it's very difficult to really speculate on any implications on the results of one study versus the other. Now I'll ask Tom to answer your question with respect to chemotherapy and then provide some context on timing for CheckMate-227.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol: Thank you, Tom. Again, we are in a very strong position financially, commercially, clinically, and I believe we are well positioned to continue to grow the company and play an even more important role in the lives of our patients. Thanks, everyone.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol: Chris, thank you for your questions. And I just want to start by saying lung cancer is a really hard disease to treat. And you don't need to go any further than this morning's New England Journal, the paper by Charlie Swanton's group, looking at the genomic diversity of this disease, both within tumors and between tumors. It's a tough disease to treat. And we believe it's important for us to have multiple approaches to treating patients with non-small-cell lung cancer. We think the approach at Bristol-Myers Squibb that includes I-O/I-O and I-O/chemo and I-O/targeted drugs gives us a broad and diverse and balanced approach to how we're going to go after lung cancer. And I think that there may well be certain patients that are going to benefit from I-O monotherapy, I-O/I-O, and I-O/chemotherapy. I don't think there will be a one-size-fits-all approach to this disease. I want to comment on CTLA-4 and how important a target this is in lung cancer and other cancers as well. CTLA-4 I think has been validated as an important partner with Opdivo. Just look at our data in melanoma and the 067 study, which showed that we actually have a survival advantage, the only I-O/I-O combination that's been shown to have a survival advantage. And we think CTLA-4 matters in this disease and requires investigation. I think just to show you how deep our commitment to CTLA-4 is as an agent, we have two additional compounds with CTLA-4 that we're developing as targets. The first is the non-topopulated (25:55) CTLA-4, which has now entered into clinical study. There's a trial that we describe on ClinicalTrials.gov that you can take a look at. And our relationship with CytomX has developed the CTLA-4 compound as a Probody that we think might have a different toxicity profile with this agent. So we believe it's important for Bristol-Myers Squibb to be looking at CTLA-4 as an important target. Now, that doesn't mean that next-gen agents aren't important. And you mentioned IDO. This is target that Bristol-Myers Squibb is intimately involved with in two ways. Last year, we went out and we purchased Flexus and we acquired the IDO compound. And at ASCO, we presented data on our IDO with Opdivo, which we think gives us a compound that may be differentiating. It gives us a PKBD (26:47) profile that may well describe an opportunity for us to have a unique place in the marketplace. And this year at ASCO, you're going to see data on the Incyte IDO along with Opdivo in important settings. And we plan by the end of this year to begin randomized Phase 3 trials of the Incyte IDO with Opdivo in lung, head and neck, and melanoma. So, Chris, I think it's important to say that we're committed to CTLA-4, and we also think that IDO and our next-gen agents are also important to develop in lung cancer. It's a complex marketplace, and we need to develop the right drugs for a very broad and diverse group of patients.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol: Geoff, thanks for your question. I think this echoes what I mentioned earlier, the concept of looking at resistance. Resistance is incredibly important, and it's really characterized a lot of oncology drug development. Just looking at where your drugs don't work tells you as much as you learn from looking where your drugs do work. What I explained earlier and outlined is the two areas I'm most worried about in terms of resistance – or think of as actually opportunities is what about the cold tumors that don't respond, and then what about the patients who have initial response to anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapy who then progress? Now, as you know, we have 10 targets in I-O that we're working on and 12 agents in those 10 targets. So we think we have multiple opportunities to look at combinations of I-O/I-O agents in these cold tumors. We presented data with our IDO asset, as you mentioned, and we also will be presenting initial data at ASCO this year with our GITR compound, which could be the type of agent that might play a role in the cold tumor space. But we will increasingly look at combinations of agents in that setting that might make a difference.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol: And, Tim, thanks for your question. I think a couple things to say. I think the first is that again, just emphasizing how complex and difficult a disease lung cancer is to treat, it's highly unlikely that there's going to be one approach that's going to fit every patient who presents in first-line. We believe strongly that Yervoy/Opdivo is certainly one of the options that needs to be pursued and developed, and we're looking at that in first-line lung cancer. And we're also looking at it in the setting of what appropriate biomarkers might be important in evaluating the potential for this combination and for really all of our drugs in first-line lung cancer. So I think that's important to emphasize. The second question you asked was about changes to CheckMate-227, and there have been no changes to CheckMate-227. The design is the same design as it was the last time it was discussed.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol: Jami, Tom Lynch here. So a couple things. First, you have two questions I'll address. One is the mutational burden question. The second are the changes within the R&D organization. So regarding mutational burden. I think this is a great example of data that we're very excited about. As you know, when we went back and looked at 026 and we found that when we stratified patients by mutational burden, we saw that the response rate was superior for nivolumab versus chemotherapy. But it's early data and it's going to require confirmation in larger data sets and it's going to require more evaluation to have a sense of what its ultimate role is. And what I really want to stress is how difficult it is to develop the appropriate biomarkers. And just think about a drug like trastuzumab. And when we started developing trastuzumab, we thought that expression of immunohistochemistry of HER-2 was going to be the ultimate marker. It turned out to be HER-2 amplification that was the marker. Think about the development of erlotinib and gefitinib. We thought it might be expression by IHC. We then thought it was going to be amplification. It turns out it was EGFR mutation that was the most important. And then also think about siltuximab and its development in colorectal cancer. It wasn't EGFR expression, it turned out to be RAS mutation. So these are all very complex areas that require a very committed and disciplined approach to biomarker development. So the second question you asked comes down to the changes within R&D. I want to just start off by saying, and I emphasize what I said in my opening remarks, is that the quality and depth of the people and the talent at Bristol-Myers Squibb in R&D I think is exceptional. We have 11 approvals in two years of I-O agents. That is an extraordinary track record. I think the execution of our regulatory team in particular is one that is beyond reproach. And I would say, I tell Giovanni, I said this is an example, I said, of the kind of execution even Tom Brady would be impressed with. However, what are our opportunities for moving forward and thinking about how we can do even better? And that's really where I think we have a couple of key priorities. The first is we've got to execute our pipeline. We've got to develop our next-generation drugs. And to do that, we're going to need to invest in tumor biology and translational medicine as well as data and analytics. The pipeline is not going to develop itself. It's going to need us to look at the totality of what we have and understand the best combinations to put together. And I think that's going to be a very important part of what we are going to do. So, again, translational medicine, investing in more cancer biology. And then, again, I keep coming back to the data and analytics piece and our relationships with GRAIL and Flatiron and looking at how can we look at a complex portfolio, not just in cancer, but also immuno-science, fibrosis and cardiology, to be able to execute this pipeline in a reasonable timeframe.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol: Thanks, Dave. So regarding the rationale for looking at Opdivo in chemotherapy, I like to think that there might be two ways that this could be helping in this. As you know, chemotherapy has been the backbone of how we've treated lung cancer for the past 30 years. And in studies, and again it's not just with I-O, but it's also looking at targeted agents. There may be a rationale for the fact that the rapid progressors might be better suited by getting chemotherapy on board early, that there may be some rationale for that. The second thought is perhaps the addition of chemotherapy to I-O agents could help to create a more favorable environment for immune recognition and activation of the immune system. So I think there are good rationales for looking at chemotherapy with Opdivo, and I think one of the things that we're very interested in is how the combination of Opdivo, Yervoy, and chemotherapy performs. And we'll be looking at that quad combination to see where that might fit into the treatment of patients with non-small-cell lung cancer. Regarding the timelines, obviously, these patients were accrued to the different portions of the trial at different times. I don't anticipate that we would have all of the data in the first half of 2018. As you know, this is an event-driven world that we live in, in these trials and that we're going to need to see how the data matures. But we do hope to have the first data in CheckMate-227 at that point. Thanks.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol: So, Andrew, thank you for your questions. I'll break them down into the three parts. The first is the rationale behind CheckMate-568, whether it's due to addition basically of the two mechanisms versus whether it might be more immunostimulatory. Again, I think that there might well be arguments you can make in both respects, and I keep an open mind to both of those. And I indicated that in response to Dave's question earlier. So I actually don't know which of those two is going to turn out to be most important. I think again with regard to Charlie's work on the complexity, the genomic complexity and heterogeneity within tumors, I do think we need additional time to see how this plays out in terms of understanding how this impacts the therapeutic classes that we use. And again, I await the collaborations that we'll be doing to look at those endpoints. And finally on CTLA-4 and our next-gen areas, I think that T-REG depletion still is a valid endpoint in developing I-O agents. Whether it's the principal activity of CTLA-4 or not I think is something that is an open question. But among our agents that we're developing in I-O, we have multiple drugs that we think have as part of their mechanism depletion of T-REGs. So I do think that there is potential for T-REG depletion to be important in the activity of I-O agents in our next-gen compounds as we bring them forward.
Thomas James Lynch - Bristol: So, John, thank you for your questions about FGF21. I'd be delighted to have a chance to offer some thoughts on this. We're very excited about FGF21 because it's the first of our agents to come forward from looking at fibrosis and NASH, and we think this drug has a number of favorable features about it. It impacts the metabolic drivers, fat accumulation. It has anti-inflammatory properties, and we also believe it's going to impact fibrosis within the liver itself. And when you think about the kinds of patients who get NASH, these are patients who are dealing with obesity, patients who are dealing often with diabetes, metabolic syndrome. It's a difficult group of patients to treat. And so how we develop these drugs, whether they're single agents or combinations, I think a key look at side effect profiles, at lipid profiles, at making sure that we're able to achieve endpoints that are meaningful, meaning reduction in fibrosis ultimately, I think will be the ultimate goal. Whether it's a single agent or combination, I obviously remain open to both opportunities. I think there are reasons to think our drug might work as a single agent. However, I think it would be important for us to also consider what combination therapy in the future might look like in this setting. It's an important unmet medical need that we are very happy to be able to offer some options for.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol: Thanks, Tony. It's Murdo here. I'll address the Eliquis question and pass it over to Charlie for your second part. First off, we're really pleased with the Eliquis performance in the quarter and continuing what was a great year last year. As Giovanni mentioned, total prescriptions, now we're in a leadership position in the NOAC class. And we continue to feel good about growth based on leading indicators that we look at in the market, which are NBRx trends as well as our cardiology trends. We're also seeing strong performance across the rest of the world. Now as I think about the COMPASS trial, it's actually an interesting question. And obviously, without data, it's hard to speculate. What I do see happening though is a continued strength of our profile and the divided daily dose of Eliquis in atrial fibrillation and VTE. What we need to wait to see is the quality of the COMPASS data at a different dose that Xarelto used in that trial versus the dose that they currently use in VTE and in atrial fibrillation. So it's hard to compare the COMPASS data to any of the data that exist already in the marketplace. And then the other question remains is what's the utility of a NOAC versus antiplatelet drugs in the patient population that was studied in the COMPASS trial? So I probably have some more questions related to that trial than I have answers, but we do not see it impacting our AF and VTE business going forward.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol: Thanks, Giovanni. Thanks, Seamus. We're also, as Giovanni said, we're very enthusiastic about the trajectory of Eliquis so far, and we're working closely with our partners at Pfizer to capitalize on the untapped opportunity that still exists in the market. As you mentioned, over half of the TRx business is still a warfarin-based treatment patient population. And if you look at the leading indicators, new-to-brand shares, warfarin is about 27% of the OAC [Oral Anti-Coagulant], so still a good delta to capitalize on in terms of leading indicators. We continue to invest appropriately in Eliquis. The other thing I would mention is, outside of the U.S., in some markets around the world, the NOAC class is even more underpenetrated in the market. So when you combine the U.S. opportunity and the European opportunities, we continue to feel that there's a large growth trajectory and a high ceiling for that brand.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol: Sure, thanks for the question, Jami. On CheckMate-067, first off, I thought Dr. Larkin did a great job presenting these important data from CheckMate-067. And as Tom mentioned, the first overall survival data set we have with an I-O/I-O combination. We have been out, obviously, getting feedback from customers in the U.S. and around the world. And I would say that the data have largely been viewed positively as confirmation of the effectiveness of Opdivo plus Yervoy in this patient population. I would agree with you; there are more questions that still people have because everybody is trying to segment patients in first-line metastatic melanoma. And we continue to work with physicians and investigators on the trial to answer those questions as best we can. I will say, for those physicians who have used the regimen and continue to believe that they're getting the best results possible in terms of response rates or overall survival in metastatic melanoma, this data set confirmed that belief. I would say for those physicians that were skeptical or overly concerned about the toxicities, and the toxicities are significant, we recognize that, but we're able to help most experienced treaters through the toxicities and we're able to help them also discuss them with their patients. For some of those physicians that remain, I would say, still concerned about the balance of efficacy and safety, particularly in the high expressers. Now, there are other descriptive analyses that have been completed. And I will remind you, obviously, it's hard to compare the active treatment of the combination to PD-1 monotherapy because the study wasn't powered to do that. So people are inferring from the data set certain things that we've yet to statistically prove. But we have seen also some good descriptive results in BRAF mutant patients where the combination of Opdivo plus Yervoy looks particularly good. So there's a lot still to unfold here. But nonetheless, my summary to all of that is net positive. Thank you.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol: John, I'll address your question on testing first. Basically, what we're seeing in first-line is about 80% of patients are receiving a PD-L1 test. It is becoming, I think as you mentioned, a standard practice, and we continue to feel that that will happen in markets outside the U.S. as well as testing proliferates. So all new early diagnosed first-line lung cancer patients will have a PD-L1 result. In terms of Opdivo use overall, we've been very pleased. I think the team in the U.S. as well as the teams around the world have done a great job both defending competitively as well as establishing the launch trajectory of Opdivo. And right now in the U.S., about 55% to 65% of our total business is in lung, all lines and non-small-cell lung cancer all lines. And when you go worldwide it's higher than that given that we have a significantly lead over Keytruda.
