Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Michael, and welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end call for 2010. This afternoon, our comments will build on the press release issued earlier today. In a few moments, Mark will provide additional details on the quarter's underlying financial results and comment on our outlook for 2011. Vince will then review our commercial activity during the fourth quarter of 2010 and highlight our plans for 2011. As those of you who followed us throughout 2010 were aware, we have placed great emphasis at Amylin on two highly interrelated goals: First, driving revenue while operating with financial discipline; and second, advancing our pipeline of first-in-class products, most notably BYDUREON. Since receiving our second complete response letter for BYDUREON in October, we have continued progress towards achieving our highest corporate priority, submitting our response to the FDA in 2011.  I will now take a minute to provide you with an update regarding our efforts to address the key requests in the October complete response letter. As we have previously discussed, the complete response letter requested a thorough QT study, also known as a tQT study, with exposures of exenatide higher than typical therapeutic levels of BYDUREON.  In addition to the request for a tQT study, the letter requested the submission of the results of the DURATION-5 study to evaluate the efficacy and the labeling of the safety and effectiveness of the commercial formulation of BYDUREON. With DURATION-5 having been completed in December of 2009, we are currently prepared to submit the results without substantive additional efforts.  Regarding the request for tQT study, we submitted the protocol to the FDA and have recently received written feedback indicating their approval of the study design. Details of the exenatide infusion study, which we expect to begin early next month in healthy volunteers, are contained in the presentation we posted on our website just prior to this call. Importantly, with additional clarity on the design of the tQT study, we now expect to submit our response to the agency in the second half of this year.  As we work to complete the tQT study, we are also advancing several important lifecycle initiatives for BYDUREON and exenatide molecule. We are continuing to add centers and enroll patients for our ongoing EXSCEL cardiovascular outcomes study, which is investigating the potential for BYDUREON to reduce cardiovascular events relative to the standard of care in patients with Type 2 diabetes.  In the first half of this year, we expect to report data from DURATION-6, a head-to-head comparative efficacy study investigating weekly dose BYDUREON relative to the most recent entrant to the GLP-1 class, liraglutide, which is injected every day. Additionally, in the first half of 2011, we expect data from a Phase II dose finding study of a monthly dose suspension formulation of exenatide. Recall that this formulation uses the same microsphere technology as BYDUREON, but is dosed just once a month and does not require reconstitution. Also on track is the development of a pen device for BYDUREON, which we expect to launch by the end of 2012 or in early 2013. We are also moving forward with our other late stage programs in lipodystrophy and in obesity. Last quarter, we submitted the clinical and non-clinical sections of a Biologics License Application or BLA for the use of metreleptin to treat diabetes and/or hypotriglyceridemia in pediatric and adult patients with inherited or acquired lipodystrophy. Our plan is to submit the chemistry, manufacturing and controls section and complete the BLA by the end of 2011.  With fast-track and priority review designation, metreleptin could be available to patients by mid-2012. Since there are no treatments currently approved for this indication, we believe that metreleptin could become an important new option to help patients impacted by this rare and debilitating metabolic disorder. Pramlintide/metreleptin, our investigational weight management therapy that leverages Amylin and leptin agonism, continues to advance towards Phase III clinical studies. Our current focus with partner Takeda remains on co-formulating pramlintide and metreleptin, scaling up our manufacturing processes, and finalizing our Phase III clinical plans.  Now while we invest in these strategic priorities, we will continue to aggressively manage our expenses in line with our revenues. As Mark will highlight momentarily, our strong fourth quarter and year-end financial results are a direct reflection of the significant efforts we have made to streamline our spending and drive efficiencies across our business.  I'll now turn things over to Mark Foletta to review our financial results released earlier today.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Vince. Before the close of our prepared remarks, I'll add just a few more comments. I also would like to take a moment to acknowledge and thank the employees of Amylin, who's hard work and diligent efforts enabled several key achievements in 2010.  While the receipt of the second complete response letter for BYDUREON has been especially challenging, we delivered several successes that have helped position us to build long-term shareholder value and advance our innovative therapies. These include the submission of the sNDA for BYETTA use in combination with basal insulin, the submission of the first portion of a rolling BLA submission for metreleptin to treat rare forms of lipodystrophy, the design and submission of a protocol for the tQT study requested by the FDA, and strong financial results driven by our company-wide focus on execution and financial discipline.  As Mark noted during his review of our financial results, financial discipline will be a governing principle for Amylin in 2011. And I want to reaffirm that this focus will continue to define Amylin in the quarters ahead as we strive to further increase efficiency and build operating leverage. As we work with FDA and our partners to clear the final hurdles towards approval of BYDUREON, we intend to remain focused on managing the business and expenses as carefully as we have over the past two years, balancing spending against revenues and preserving our ability to invest in the products that will become our growth drivers in the years ahead. In closing, I'd like to reiterate that I, along with the Amylin leadership team, remain committed to creating value for our shareholders, our employees and most importantly, the millions of diabetes patients we're focused on serving. I will now ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Dan Bradbury: In terms of the tQT study, they're actually, as I'm pretty sure you're aware, the ICH guidelines with respect to tQT studies and the definition of what's clinically meaningful, I think is guided within those guidelines. And we would expect the agency to be utilizing those guidelines as they have in past as guidance for their assessment of the outcome of the tQT study.
Dan Bradbury: I think at this point, it wouldn't be actually terribly useful to speculate. What we're going to do is look at the data at that time and make an assessment about what the potential relevance would be. I mean, I would remind you that we're sitting here today with extensive data that shows no increase in the QT in the DURATION-1 study. Additionally, we have extensive data from the BYETTA program, as well as all the preclinical data that would suggest that there isn't even a basis for QT prolongation. So I understand your question. However, I think it's speculative at this time to be able to respond without any absolute data to look at.
Dan Bradbury: The FDA's letter to us, which was the second complete response, specifically asked for us to conduct a thorough QT study at levels of exenatide that could be expected in patients using BYDUREON with impaired renal function. And we've agreed with the agency to explore two different levels of exenatide. That is 300 and 500 as being representative of patients using BYDUREON with impaired renal function.
Dan Bradbury: No, we didn't actually. But typically, tQT studies are undertaken with less than 100 patients in a study.
Dan Bradbury: Sure. So in terms of the DURATION-1 data, absolutely, at some point in the future, we will make those data available. Obviously, those data are key part of the component of our ongoing discussions with the agency with regards to the appropriate assessments of any potential effects on QT with BYDUREON. And until we complete the discussions with the agency, I think it's unlikely that we'll make those data public because we want to ensure, and if we do, that the interpretation that we put on those data would be consistent with the agency's interpretation. With regards to the levels in the BYDUREON study, actually the levels -- the DURATION-1 study, the levels in the DURATION-1 study were significantly higher than we will be testing in the tQT study. There's actually exposures over 1,000 picograms per ml in some patients in that study. So we do have extensive exposures at very high levels in the DURATION-1 study. I remind you, by the way, in the DURATION-1 study, 66 out of the patients that were in that study had impaired renal function, 10 of them with moderate renal function and 56 of them with mild renal impairment.
Dan Bradbury: So the agency has actually issued a working paper and in fact the publication in this area, and the FDA actually asks you to conduct a statistical analysis, which represents the best fit of the data set. And so therefore, the statistical analysis that would be undertaken on this would be one that once the study is completed, best fits the data set that results from the study.
Dan Bradbury: So I think the simple answer, well, a couple of things, Yaron. One thing I'd point you to into the Canadian label is that it's multiple statistical analysis in the Canadian label and in particular I point you to the QTCI analysis because you wouldn't come to the same conclusion as you just stated there. And then the second point regarding the DURATION-1 study, I think we've been pretty consistent in stating previously that in the DURATION-1 study, there was no correlation between an effect on QT and plasma concentration.
Dan Bradbury: Well, in the DURATION-1 study, yes, we think it depends. You can do it on multiple different statistical methods and you don't see any effect on QT. You're correct.
Dan Bradbury: Yes, there's multiple different techniques used to correct the heart rate. We believe, and I believe that most world experts would believe that the appropriate analysis to undertake for studying BYETTA and for studying BYDUREON potentially going forward depending on the data that's generated from the BYDUREON study is the QTCI analysis. The reason for that is because the QTCI analysis takes into account individual heart rate changes. And therefore, it's the most precise with regards to adjusting for heart rate changes in the study. So that's why I guided you to the QTCI. I would also note that in the QTCI analysis, that is reported in the Canadian label. It is a trend and there is no statistical significance associated with it.
Dan Bradbury: So, Jim, I guess, a couple of points here. First and foremost, with regards to the agency sign off, we have written sign off on the agency's concurrence for the protocol design. So just to give you confidence there. But with regards to I think your understanding of what we're achieving here, so 300 and 500 picograms per ml are way above the average therapeutic Level that would be expected in people taking BYDUREON. And although there is, in people with impaired renal function, the average concentration that you'd expect to see would be higher, there' significant variability around that. Importantly, though, with having levels of 300 and 500, which are significantly above, as I said earlier, the therapeutic levels that would be expected on average. What you'll be able to do is make sure that you have a wide range of blood levels, which will enable you to have an effective statistical analysis looking at any correlation between plasma concentration and effect on QT. And that's I think what the key issue here is, and that's what we need to assess in this study.
Dan Bradbury: Yes, we have undertaken a small study, which has given us confidence that we will be able to complete this study at the plasma concentrations that the agency requested. That was done as part of our preparation for agreement with the agency on the protocol design.
Dan Bradbury: Yes. So the custom dosing kit that we've put together for BYDUREON actually has been extensively tested and we've done a lot of market research with patients as part of our preparation for the launch of BYDUREON last year. And indeed, I think we reported on our previous earnings calls and investor conferences that actually well over 90% of people were able to give themselves a dose of BYDUREON without any intervention or guidance from a medical practitioner. And that was tested across a wide range of different types of patients, elderly and also looking at people with dexterity challenges, et cetera. In terms of the agency signing off on that, it's a good question. That is not a question that we have been asked from the FDA. Given that we've received now two complete response letters, we would've expected that if that was a concern from the FDA, that they would've raised that at this time to us already and it has not been an issue that has been raised at all. Of course, if they do raise that, as I just stated, we do have a lot of data to support the usability of BYDUREON.
Dan Bradbury: For the BYETTA tQT study, we believe that the QTCI analysis is the most appropriate because it's the statistical method of analysis that actually provides the best fit to the data set. And indeed, that's the guidance that the agency has given us for the, I guess, the exenatide high-dose infusion study that we're going to be undertaking, is the right to assess the most appropriate statistical analysis based on the best fit to the data set that is created.
Dan Bradbury: We haven't guided on the study length itself. What we guided is that we expect to be able to submit a response to the second complete response letter in the second half of this year. I would caution overoptimism with regards to the timing of this study only because that whenever you undertake a study, there are often individual challenges in undertaking that study that will be different than undertaking perhaps a previous study. And of course, there's always the unexpected that you always have to take into account when providing guidance.
Dan Bradbury: Tom, we're going to be consistent here. We haven't provided that information, and we don't intend to. But I would just point out that the study itself is clearly a significantly larger study than we've undertaken in previous DURATION studies in terms of not only the total number of patients, but I think most importantly, because it's a direct head-to-head. When you look at the number of patients per arm, it's significantly greater than that we've had in previous DURATION studies, and that does increase the powers substantially over and above what we've had in the previous studies.
Dan Bradbury: Yes. Actually, they haven't indicated that yet. We wouldn't expect them to until such time as the submission is in. That having been said, I would guide you to think of this as a Class II review likely because it is the submission of new data, and therefore you could expect up to six months for the review.
Dan Bradbury: In the DURATION-1 study, Ian, we used a 2-milligram dose of BYDUREON. There was a wide range of plasma concentrations associated with that dose. And as I said earlier, there was no correlation in that study between plasma concentrations and affect on QT.
Dan Bradbury: We haven't given out the specific details relating to that. The study itself, as you can see from the slide, that's in the deck that's associated with the call. There's a fair amount of detail in there in terms of the design. It's a three-way crossover study, and we will be looking at the two different plasma concentration levels, as I said earlier. But in terms of the exact details, the conduct of the study, we've not provided that level of detail.
Dan Bradbury: I'm not aware of anything that's unique to this study. I think, firstly, it is actually consistent with the ICH guidelines in terms of the way that the study will be conducted. And not to my knowledge that there's anything particularly unique except for the fact that of course it's, with exenatide, elevated levels of exenatide 300 and 500 picograms per ml.
Dan Bradbury: I appreciate you trying to do that. I think it's very difficult when dealing with the regulatory authorities to really understand what is the level of concern. What we do now is that they've asked us to do the study. We've now got the agreement to the study design, and I'm confident that we'll be able to execute this study well and be able to submit it to the FDA in the second half of this year.
Dan Bradbury: We'll have plenty. I mean, we have adequate capacity at our facility in Ohio. And I would remind you that at this time, that facility is currently producing products to be used in Europe for the European launch of BYDUREON, which we are hopeful will occur in the first half of this year.
Dan Bradbury: Well, thank you all for your interest and for your questions today. We have a huge opportunity as a company to continue to advance our mission of discovering and developing and commercializing medicines that improve the lives of patients with diabetes. Additionally, our leadership team and the many dedicated employees of Amylin remain focused on building the business today, and laying the foundation for success tomorrow.If you have any additional questions after today's call, please call Michael York, the head of our Investor Relations team. Thank you.
Mark Foletta: There's a $200 million convert that matures in April of 2011. And what we said, we have $458 million of cash at the end of the year. In fact, the use of cash declined throughout 2010, while our operations used approximately $117 million of cash during 2010. Actually in the fourth quarter, we used $10 million of cash in our operations. So obviously, we'll focus on continuing to manage the cash we have and continue to manage expenses closely in line with revenues, as we talked about in the prepared remarks. And we'll use less cash in the operations. So we'll have the maturity in April and continue to assess our capital structure as we move forward.
Mark Foletta: Yes. So in December, we paid the remaining $70 million of that. And so it's reflected out of our cash balance at 12/31.
Mark Foletta: I think the way you should be thinking about that is the efficiencies that we've been driving and we'll continue to drive in 2011 will stay with us. We do not see significant increases in spending with the caveat that obviously as we were incurring in the second of 2010, they'll be some launch-related costs that will come in. But in terms of the structure that we have to launch BYDUREON, we believe that we have the right structure at the company to enable an effective launch of BYDUREON.
Mark Foletta: And the only thing I'll add to that, Ian, is that we also have inventory that potentially can be used that we built in 2010 in preparation for launch depending upon the ultimate timing of launch. So as Dan said, that facility has capacity to get going as soon as we're ready to get going. We have an indication that it's time to get going.
