Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Chris, thanks for the question. Just more broadly in immunology, we know this is a highly competitive and highly rebated category and we're making good progress across a number of our key products as you heard from David and Chris in our growth portfolio as well as in immunology. Now, I have to acknowledge that Sotyktu performance has been slower than we'd like, but we're focused on improving that. We're executing our plan where a key focus has been on improving our access position. As David mentioned, we're continuing to make significant progress in that area. We came into the year with 25% unrestricted access and we had that through roughly the first half of the year. As we move into the back half of the year, essentially effective July 1st, we more than doubled that. We now have approximately 65% access, the majority of which is zero step edits. And so that's about over 100 million lives now and we expect further access improvements in January. So obviously, that's important because we'll see new patients move faster onto commercial product, we'll work to move patients quickly out of our bridge program and onto commercial product and we'll see much fewer patients attrit at the specialty pharmacy. We'll also see, as David mentioned, a modest increase in gross-to-net due to the rebates required for improved access, offset by increased volume. As a reminder, in Q2, we had a one-time negative impact of about $6 million due to a gross-to-net true-up. So as we exit the year with our expanded access, we're going to be in a much better position versus where we started this year, which will give us a lot of momentum as we move into 2025, and we're committed to making this a big product for the company.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. Luisa, thank you for the question. So we're obviously pleased with the positive Phase 3 study for cendakimab. It's early days and so we look forward to presenting the data. But just roughly when you look in the US, there are about 300,000 treated patients. Treatment rates in EOE are pretty low in the United States. In fact, first-line treatment rate is around 4% and that increases as you go down lines of therapy to third line, which about a third of patients are treated. And the majority of patients are on conventional therapies like PPIs, steroids and then they are treated with Dupixent. And so as Samit mentioned, dysphagia days are important for patients as also the potential for remodeling here. And this is a market where payers are managing about half of the lives in the US, so we expect in -- majority of lives to be positioned behind Dupixent. And again, we look forward to sharing the data with regulatory authorities and presenting at an upcoming meeting.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Evan, thank you for the question. So we're excited about the launch of KarXT as this is a very important drug with significant commercial potential as we shared. Reminder, given a late September and Q4 launch, we effectively see this as a 2025 launch and KarXT is going to be the first innovative therapy in schizophrenia approved for decades. So let me talk a little bit about how we are preparing for the launch. And I'll focus on a few key areas. Number one, we're sourcing a very experienced field sales and strong medical organizations to prepare the market for this new mechanism. Secondly, the access team that we have, have been out there for months, reinforcing the profile with state Medicaid directors and Medicare payers. Just as a reminder, the schizophrenia market is very different in terms of access in markets that are highly PBM-driven. Government payers will be critical to building access for this product since the patient population is greater than 80% Medicaid and Medicare. We've received very positive feedback from thought leaders and payers in the space that KarXT fills a significant unmet need. And the third area that I'll highlight is we need to ensure that physicians and patients have a positive first experience. This is a new mechanism with a different profile and ensuring that patients stay on treatment. So overall, we're pleased to launch Readiness Efforts and we look forward to launching this important medicine later this year.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Carter, thank you for the question. We're pleased with Breyanzi performance in the quarter. Remember, in Q1, we said we expected significant improved manufacturing capacity and also a tailwind from our new indications. So in the second quarter, as David shared, sales increased over 50% versus prior year and we anticipate that to continue through the remainder of the year. We expect continued strong growth to be driven first by our lead indication in LBCL as Breyanzi is increasingly recognized as the best-in-class CD19 as well as by our expanded indications, which are off to a very good start. We're also pleased and I want to acknowledge and thank our GPS organization with our expanded manufacturing capacity. We're now in a much stronger position to meet demand in the market. And so taken together our recent approvals, our expanded manufacturing capacity and best-in-class will enable us to compete much more effectively to win in this market.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Seamus. As you alluded to, since products are impacted differently by the Medicare redesign, we carefully evaluate each of the individual dynamics both now as well as into the future to determine the potential impacts. We will see a favorability with Eliquis next year due to the Part-D redesign, notably with the elimination of the coverage gap. That'll partially be offset by Rev and Pomalyst having responsibility now in the catastrophic phase. So we're monitoring this very closely to understand what the impact is on out-of-pocket cap as well and other shifts that are happening in the landscape.
Adam Lenkowsky: Sure, Mohit. Thanks for the question. So as we talked about, we are focused on continuing to accelerate our growth portfolio. As you saw in the quarter, we're making good progress there. We're delivering strong performance for products like Reblozyl, Camzyos, Breyanzi and Opdualag. As I talked about, Sotyktu performance is slower than we would like and we are focused on improving both performance and execution. But ultimately, it's the access there that has taken longer than we expected. Remember, in many of the immunology categories that we compete in, these are highly controlled, highly managed products by the large PBMs. And so it took longer for us to get into a preferred position based on entrenched contracts. And so as we're seeing uptake now, we're in a much better position with approximately 65% access with most of that is at zero step edit. And that's going to be really important. So we recognize this is a highly competitive market and we're continuing to make improvements and we expect further improvements in access in January. As it relates to Zeposia, Zeposia has really been a tale of two launches. We entered the market in multiple sclerosis and we've seen good uptake there over time and we're doing that in a market that continues to contract based on the kind of the increases in the products like Ocrevus and Kesimpta and we continue to grow our share in a competitive market. Now UC has been more challenging. It is more managed, it's more managed class. TNFs have preferred status across virtually all of the PBMs, but we're also focused on making progress there as well. So I think it's hard to paint immunology in general with a broad brush. Orencia continues to perform well, no biosimilar insight. And finally, as we talked about, we're ready for the launch of KarXT, which has very different access dynamics than what's in the immunology space today. So we are continuing to make progress in delivering strong performance and execution and we're confident in our ability to continue to grow our business in the near term and into the longer term.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. I mean, I think we're a long way off to 2028. So I agree, I think it's premature to discuss if Opdivo would be eligible even for IRA negotiation. Remember, if Opdivo makes the list, there could be generics in the market or biosimilars in the market as well. But I think most importantly is what you heard from both David and Chris is that we announced a PDUFA date for our nivo subcu in late December. So our goal is to convert as much business as we can well prior to the LOE. And we expect to convert at least 30% to 40% of the total US business for Opdivo ahead of the LOE and we think this is a great opportunity for both physicians and patients and we look forward to launching this important formulation. Also, with a biosimilar in the market and we don't expect to see Opdivo completely fall off either. So we also expect to see the subcu and the IV continue into the next decade as well. As it relates to the competition in immunology or in PSO, I think, more specifically as you're asking, again, we are preparing for competition there. I think Sotyktu has set a high bar for new orals in the PSO space. This is a very competitive category today. It's only going to become more crowded and more competitive over time. We also plan to have several indications, including PSA by -- we'll see some data by the end of this year, which will help both PSO and help accelerate Sotyktu as well as SLE, both of which SLE and PSA will be approved and will read out at that time. So we're going to have to see the results of the study. The oral IL-23 Phase 3 data would need to be meaningfully different in order to move the needle, but we're continuing to make progress with Sotyktu and executing our plan and we focus on growing this important brand.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Trung, thanks for the question. So again, as I said, we are looking forward to the PDUFA date in late December and our launch planning is continuing to progress. So we said we have converted at least 30% to 40% of the total US Opdivo IV business. And we have -- the good news is we have time because the LOE is not until 2028. So we expect that conversion to come largely from patients who are in the adjuvant setting, use in combination with Yervoy where there is continuing Opdivo treatment, for example, indications in metastatic melanoma in first-line RCC as well as in Opdivo monotherapy. These indications represent approximately 70% of our overall business. And so we talked about the benefits of nivo subcu has the potential to benefit both patients with a less than five-minute infusion time and physicians who are able to free-up chairs, particularly in the community setting. And we do have the potential to benefit patients through the next decade with nivo subcu based on the fact that we've got a broad patent estate. So we expect to see both nivo subcu and Opdualag continue to persist our leading IO franchise into the early 2030s.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, first, let me just talk about our enthusiasm about RayzeBio and the platform that we have here. We believe this is a really exciting platform, one that's going to grow significantly through the back end of the decade. And what particularly excites us about Rayze is the kind of robust IND engine that we'll see over the course of the next decade or plus as well as what we know is a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility that has been forward. Now the lead program in RYZ101 in GEP-NET is, I think, a fairly modest commercial opportunity. However, when you look at this technology, particularly the Actinium-based radiopharmaceutical platform, this has the potential to have efficacy and safety across a host of solid tumor treatments. So as we've talked about, we are looking at this in small-cell lung cancer and potentially many other tumor types. So we look forward to launching the GEP-NET indication that will be the lead asset and well -- as well as a number of new INDs coming in the back half of the decade and beyond.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. Just quickly on the biosimilar question, as I mentioned, in UC, yes, biosimilars do have a preferred position in first-line. However, in respect to the PSO market, we are continuing to work with payers to understand the dynamics there. But we have not heard or seen PBMs move to a biosimilar first approach. The reason for that largely is the fact in PSO, products like Humira and Stelara do not have a dominant position in that space. So we would not expect biosimilars, at least in the near term to take on a preferred position.
Adam Lenkowsky: Kripa, yeah, thanks for the question. And we've seen steady and consistent growth from Camzyos. And as David mentioned, we saw approximately 1,300 patient increase on commercial drug quarter-over-quarter. We expect that to be steady and consistent growth over time. Physician and patient feedback continues to remain very positive. Our focus is increasing our user base, both in the large COEs, while also increasing breadth of prescribing in some of the smaller institutions and some of the larger community practices. In fact, we'll be deploying additional community representatives. These are Eliquis representatives into the community of cardiology account to drive treatment. So we're seeing good momentum with Camzyos and we're pleased with the performance of this very important product.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Luisa. I'll ask David to start and then Samit and Adam can address the question on cendakimab.
Chris Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the questions, Tim. So first, we've been consistent that we're going to only speak to the specifics of MFD once we have the -- once we have CMS having published, which we anticipate being on or before September 1st. What I'll say is once that price is disclosed, we're going to be able to provide a very good picture of the shape of the business for Eliquis going forward, inclusive of the impact of IRA. And we very much look forward to being able to provide that clarity. And again, what I would emphasize is based on having seen the price, we're very confident in our ability to navigate the impact of IRA on Eliquis. And so again, we'll provide more details when that price becomes public. And one other point is, we will provide once that becomes public is we will announce earlier if CMS comes before September 1st and we'll put what we anticipate around IRA and its impact on our IR website, and so that's how we'll be communicating that.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Samit. Now Evan, going back to your question on trough. I'll redirect you back to the comments that I made at the beginning of the year. We've talked about navigating a period that starts in 2026. Now having said that, our focus continues to be on improving the shape of the business over time. And the good news is we have a lot of strategic levers to pull. We have a growing portfolio of young assets. We saw good growth in the first half and we expect good growth in the back half. We have new products launching, notably KarXT and nivo subcu this year. Those are going to be important in terms of describing the shape of our business longer-term. We have late-stage pipeline assets that are reading out starting this year and accelerating through next year and into 2026. And as we've discussed over time, these have considerable commercial potential. We have some very interesting early programs. We're going to start seeing proof-of-concept starting this year, notably CD19 NEX-T. And of course, as David has mentioned already today, we have a very good balance sheet and the capacity to do smart partnerships and business development. So those are a number of the things that are obviously going to shape how this business looks in the back half of the decade. And we're fixated on delivering across the business in the short-term as well as pulling the strategic levers I just mentioned that are going to be needed to accelerate the timing and pace of growth for the company in the back half of the decade.
Chris Boerner: Yeah. And just to close off on that, what I would say when we look at Part-D redesign across the entire portfolio, we actually think that it offsets and would be largely meaningful.
Chris Boerner: And I think I'll just add because I think you also mentioned, David, Opdualag. And as far as Opdualag is concerned, once again, we are way ahead with melanoma indication already approved in the first line, anticipating the data for the adjuvant melanoma, anticipating also the presentation of the Phase 2 data soon and then initiation of the Phase 3 program in the subset of non-small cell lung cancer to continue the progress. Rest of the data that we've seen from the competition is just too small to really interpret anything out of that.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Samit. So before we close the call, maybe I'll just leave you all with a few things. We are pleased with the performance of the business and in particular, the growth portfolio performance where revenues grew nicely in the first half and now represent, as David said earlier, 46% of the total business. At the same time, our pipeline continues to advance with new medicines and we look forward to important catalysts coming up like the KarXT launch and a number of data readouts in the coming months. So overall, I'd say we've executed well in the quarter. We feel good about the full year and are raising our outlook accordingly. It's certainly going to be a busy back half of the year and we're focused as a team and as a company on driving strong execution. So thank you all for your time today and the Investor Relations team is certainly available to answer any follow-up questions that you may have. Have a nice weekend.
David Elkins: Yeah, Luisa, thanks for the question. On the inventory, that's really in the I-O franchise across Opdivo and Yervoy, but as well there are some in our immunology franchise of Orencia and Zeposia.
David Elkins: Chris, I think you covered it well. The only thing I'd emphasize as we think about capital allocation overall besides the debt paydown is we remain firmly committed to the dividend as evidenced by us paying a dividend for the past 92 years and increasing it the last 15 years. And as you know, we have one of the lowest payout ratios of our peer group. So overall, we remain very financially disciplined from a capital allocation perspective.
David Elkins: Yeah, thanks, Terence. And look, we remain committed to our greater than 37% operating margin. And as you saw, we saw strength in our gross margins with our mix of our business. And we feel really good about the operational efficiency programs that we're executing against now, which gives us a lot of flexibility in maintaining those operating margins above 37%. Thanks, Terence.
David Elkins: And WINREVAIR that, so we recognized 22% of global sales of WINREVAIR that comes through our other growth revenue that comes through there and you'll hear about those sales from Merck when they come through.
David Elkins: Yeah, Olivia, thanks for the question. The O&E increase was mainly driven by two things, as I said earlier in my prepared remarks, which is the diabetes royalties coming in better than we had anticipated as well as interest expense coming in better than anticipated. And what I was saying earlier related to WINREVAIR, since we still own the intellectual property of that, that 22% of global sales related to the product goes through our other growth revenue line. So it comes through sales.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, David, and thank you for the question. For cendakimab, we have a positive Phase 3 study that read out just recently. The trial met both its primary endpoints on dysphagia days as well as the eosinophilic count decrease, and it also met the secondary endpoints, but we've just received the data in our hands. So we are doing a deep-dive on that. And as we look at the data, we will, of course, take into account when the data will be presented at the medical conference as well as take into account what the landscape is in terms of how patients are treated today and as we plan for the next steps for cendakimab. From a commercial perspective, let me pass it on to Adam, who can then comment on that as well.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah, thank you, Adam. I just want to add a couple of things, Evan. Samit here. In addition to looking forward to the approval in September, we are also executing on the overall development plan for KarXT, as you know, adjunctive schizophrenia study as well as the Alzheimer's disease associated psycho studies are ongoing and they're enrolling well. We look forward to data readouts in 2025 and 2026. We anticipate initiation of the Phase 3 trials in bipolar disorder as well as Alzheimer's agitation also in 2025 with a BID dosing and then also preparing to start the Phase 3 study, Alzheimer's disease cognition impairment also in 2025. In addition to that, we are now making the preparations for the autism studies, which will include children, so we need to do some work on that, but really a large program that is being initiated and executed right now.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. Thank you, Seamus, for the question. As we think about multiple myeloma, it is a disease which has really been benefiting from multiple therapies that have been approved over the years and certainly has had transformational outcomes for these patients, including small molecules as well as large molecules and now with cell therapies and bispecifics coming into the play. As we think about CELMoDs, as we think about Iberdomide and mezigdomide both in development across the four Phase 3 clinical trials with readouts coming in 2026. The way we think about it is multi-drug regimens will be required for these patients because ultimately right now we don't have a cure for the disease. And that's the way we have designed the studies with mezigdomide going head-to-head versus pomalidomide, whereas if we think about iberdomide, we're looking at combinations to really change the outcomes when you combine them with velcade and dexamethasone or moving into a maintenance setting after transplant going head-to-head versus Revlimid. So we believe that there are patients who are not going to be eligible to receive cell therapies where these therapies will play a role. Also, we need manageable toxicities, which don't have the same outcomes of CRS, et cetera, that are associated by specific therapies right now. So placement of these therapies will become important and we'll continue to generate more data through many other trials so that we ultimately give more our momentarium to physicians to prescribe to the right patients for better outcomes in multiple myeloma.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you. And thanks for the question, Steve. As always, very pointed one. Look, we did do the study as it relates to comparison versus Dupixent. So it's very hard to start comparing the data. Also remember the way the dysphagia days, which is a more important and most important thing from a symptom relief for the patient. The way we measured it versus what Dupixent did in their study are very different ways. So we have to keep that in mind. Certainly will not comment on the specificity of the data because we would rather present it at a medical conference or to come on that. Certainly, as mentioned earlier by Adam as well, we look to the data deeply and put it into perspective as we go forward also in communications with the regulators.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. Thank you for both the questions. For the Actinium-225 study, as you know, we are the furthest along in terms of the Actinium-225 Phase 3 trial. GEP-NET is the first indication with very strong data supporting it. We have reinitiated the recruitment in the trial and we are still looking forward to the data readout in 2026, along with certainly looking forward to new indications starting with a small-cell lung cancer Phase 1 trial that is already ongoing. For mezigdomide trial, again, enrollment is continuing. We will not yet declare what the dose we've taken forward. But certainly, yes, both trials have moved to the Part 2 of the study and you will continue to hear about how the trial progresses and we're looking forward to the readout starting in 2026.
Samit Hirawat: And thank you, Olivia, for the question on PRMT5. Certainly, again, very much further along on that one. Phase 1 trial continues on. What we will be presenting data is the responses that have been seen across multiple different tumor types. So really looking forward to presenting that data as we plan to initiate the Phase 2 studies in a couple of indications, which we will talk about more as we get closer to the initiation of those trials in selected patients, of course, with MTAP deletions.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. And thank you, Adam. And just to talk about CD19 NEX-T there are a couple of things to understand. Number one, we have two studies ongoing. The first study enrolls patients not only with far advanced systemic lupus erythematosus, but also systemic sclerosis as well as myositis. The second study is enrolling patients with multiple sclerosis. Now it's very important to understand the profile of the patients that are being enrolled. These are patients who have far advanced disease. They are on glucocorticoids, immunosuppressants, immunomodulators. And these patients may also have underlying organ dysfunction such as renal failure and kidney damage. So as we think about the impact of these single-infusion CAR-cell therapies, what are we trying to achieve? We're trying to achieve a remission in the sense that patients can go off of their treatments such as glucocorticoids and immunosuppressants. What one does not expect at this time at least that we can revert the damaged kidney to a normal state because kidney doesn't grow by itself. So I think we have to keep that in mind as we look at the data and we're looking forward to bring that data as we look to the presentation of these patients that we are treating today.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. So both of these molecules, we are looking forward to presenting the data this year, certainly through a medical conference for both of them. For PRMT5, all the patients that have been enrolled, we are looking forward to bring the dose overall safety and where we've seen responses. And certainly, that will be the data that we will be presenting. For KarXT, we're looking forward to presentation of the data for certainly SLE at an upcoming conference as well and then grow from there. We are obviously preparing and planning to have conversations with regulatory authorities as well to plan for later stages of development of this molecule.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for the question as well. Look, I think let's start off with the first fact that when we started the Milvexian program, it was based on the prior learnings from the Phase 2 studies. That's why we chose the doses that we chose that for a single agent at a higher dose of 100 milligrams BID, whereas the 25 milligram BID where there was a background of antiplatelet agents. Second, independent investigators have now conducted preclinical work to show the differentiation between Asundexian versus Milvexian, showing the inhibition and the time it takes and the doses that are required for real inhibition of Factor XIa. And so that gives us a little bit more confidence in terms of how things are going -- are shaping up. Third, for AF, secondary stroke prevention as well as ACS, the enrollment continues very well in these three trials and we're looking forward to those readouts. Last thing I would say is when the data are presented, we certainly would like to see the number of events that happened, what time they happened and the impact of the dose that was used that will all be very helpful as we think about Milvexian.
Samit Hirawat: So I think as -- thank you for the question, as both David and Adam said earlier, thousands of patients have now been treated with Camzyos and certainly, we've learned a lot and we see the manageable profile here as well as the transformational outcomes that these patients have and stay on treatment for a very long time with 80% of the patients being treated with 2.5 and 5 milligram doses. We continue our conversations with the FDA. I will not get into the specifics. And certainly now that we have pulled in the readout of the non-obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy study about six months in with a readout now expected in 2Q next year, we will certainly have multiple engagements with the FDA on that front as well.
