David Elkins: Yes. Thanks, Jeff, for the question. The majority of the savings come from the historical BMS. As we talked about, the main drivers of the $1.5 billion savings really came into three buckets. First was really looking at the portfolio, obviously, with the Mirati, Karuna and with RayzeBio, we have really important portfolios that we're bringing into the overall portfolio. That gave us the opportunity to look at that and maximize the ROI of -- in totality of the portfolio as well as adjusting for some updates on new data and the competitiveness. The second thing that we really looked at for legacy BMS is how do we become more agile, quicker decision-making and streamline the organization by removing layers of management so decisions can be more quickly. And there, we talked about the roughly 2,200 impacted employees as a result of those changes.  And then lastly, we went through all of our third-party relationships, continuing to look for efficiencies in third-party service providers, and that was the last category. And a lot of those activities are also legacy BMS. So the vast majority of the savings are coming from our in-house existing operations. 
David Elkins: Yes. Thank you, Evan. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're looking at our operating margins as we previously communicated in that 37% range. So that $1.5 billion of savings that we'll achieve by the end of next year, that's being reinvested both in the portfolio as I described earlier, particularly with the acquisitions that we did. But we've also had good progress like Opdualag lung where we're going to continue those clinical studies as well. And all of that put together, as I was saying, really strengthens not only the ROI, but the growth profile of the business in the second half of the decade. And I'll turn it over to Samit on the assets that we're looking at to externalize. 
David Elkins: Yes. So this year was the big step down in the PD-1 rate. And then the other thing impacting that is the diabetes that will step down next year as well.  The other thing to keep in mind, as I said in the prepared remarks is on the interest for the additional debt that we just did. That was the big change in the guidance that we just provided for this year, going from $250 million of OI&E income down to $250 million of expense. And the bulk of that is related to the additional interest cost, which is around $13 billion with 5.3% interest rate. And that's slightly offset by the royalty income. 
David Elkins: Steve, on your question around Revlimid, just a couple of comments I'll make on that. One is what I said is that the free drug programs come down to normal levels. So no change in the program there. Just throughout last year, those levels came down in the start of this year. Remember, every calendar year, it starts again, back at traditional levels. So that was in relation to that comment. The other thing as it relates to Revlimid is, as we said, there's no change to our guidance this year. As previously said, it was $1.5 billion to $2 billion step down this year and the same next year. So for this year, if you remember, we exited last year at $6 billion. So we'll be in that $4 billion to $4.5 billion is our best view this year and then a further step down next year.  So we'll be through the LOE of Revlimid basically at the end of next year. And then as Chris talked about, we'll get insight to what's happening with Eliquis from an IRA perspective when that price becomes public here in September. And recall that the LOE for Eliquis is in 2008.  And then lastly, the thing I'd say about from an LOE perspective as it relates to Opdivo, is that LOE is in December of 2028. So '29 is when that LOE would start. And then three things I'd say about that as we think about that franchise. One is we're looking forward to launching the subcutaneous formulation of that early next year. And we believe that will help that franchise continue into the next decade. I think you've heard Samit talk about Opdualag and that combination. We're really excited, number one, with its performance and standard of care in first-line melanoma, but also with the data that we're seeing in lung, we're really excited about continuing that program into Phase III and bringing that. And also, there's other tumor types that Opdualag will come in.  So as we think about that franchise, there's multiple avenues for that franchise to continue into the next decade. 
David Elkins: Yes, the vast majority of the savings comes through this year. Because if you think through the actions that we're taking, whether it's positions, the portfolio actions, we made those actions immediately and the third-party spend, we'll receive that. And then you have it annualize fully next year. So that's really the difference between '24 and '25. But it's safe to say that most of all the actions we're taking, 90% of those are being done this quarter. 
Christopher Boerner: Okay. Chris, I'll take that one. And I think there, embedded in that question, maybe two things. First is how we're thinking about how we're going to guide around this trough and then there's maybe a second question in there, which is when we think we'll see that trough and what's the timing of it.  With respect to the first question, look, we've been engaging with investors on this topic over the last number of months. A bit of context here, given the industry dynamics, we -- certainly, I believe companies in this industry need to be judicious with respect to providing long-term guidance. But we get why you are asking the question here, because it's something that we're going to need to continue to engage with investors on to strike the right balance in terms of how we think about providing guidance on this topic.   One uncertainty that we know that's related to this question, though, is the impact of IRA on Eliquis. And once that price is public, and remember, that's going to happen in the September time frame, we'll provide the impact of Eliquis both on the top line as well as on EPS.  In terms of how we think about the timing of the trough, based on our current plans, we start to see an impact in 2026. And then as we said earlier in the year, we anticipate to be returning to growth before the end of the decade. And then obviously, we're clearly focused on accelerating both the timing and the pace of growth in the back half of the decade, and that's going to influence timing as well. 
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the question, Seamus. Maybe I'll start, have Adam weigh in a little bit more on IRA. With respect to the ongoing discussions with CMS, we're not going to be commenting. As I said earlier, we will have the outcome of that public in September and we'll be able to provide more insight at that point. But Adam, you can speak to some of the other aspects of IRA and then Samit. 
Christopher Boerner: Sure. I'll take that, Adam. Thanks for the question. So we're continuing to make progress with SOTYKTU, and we're executing our plan. We delivered in the quarter what we said we would do, and that's reaching approximately 10,000 paid prescriptions. That's what we shared in January, and we expect to roughly double that to 20,000 paid prescriptions in Q4. So that's where we're focused on driving today.  Remember, we also said there would be an increase in gross to net due to broader rebating needed to secure improved access, and this impacted sales in Q1. But the volume that we'll see will more than offset that throughout the year. So we talked about improving our access position. And aside from the wins that we announced last year in CVS and Cigna and ESI, we saw access improvement with SOTYKTU, which was added to Optum. And as David mentioned, we do expect to announce additional improved formulary access including a large PBM with approximately 30 million lives.  So we remain focused on securing zero steps by 2025. And when you have that better access position, the need for a bridge becomes less and less important. And so basically, when you look at -- when you have better access, patients are moved faster into commercial product because they go directly to the specialty pharmacy.  As far as market share, look, this is a highly competitive market. We look at launch analogs at the top of the funnel or written prescriptions, and SOTYKTU performance is ahead of products like TREMFYA, COSENTYX at the same time ago launch. We are laser focused on share growth versus Otezla, which is a critical area of focus and becoming the oral standard of care in the market over time. 
Christopher Boerner: Just adding one thing, Steve. Around Revlimid, we had seen some volatility in generic dispensing in the quarter, including some generic supply shortages. And so Revlimid and our legacy portfolio continues to be a strong source of cash flow for the organization. 
Christopher Boerner: Well, let me start and then I'll ask Samit and Adam to speak. Let me just at a high level, though, say, that we continue to be incredibly excited about radiopharmaceuticals as a platform. It's one of the fastest-growing platform in solid tumor oncology. We believe we have a best-in-class asset that we've acquired with Rayze.  The integration of that team has gone very well. We continue to be very excited and happy with the bringing online of the facility in Indianapolis. So in terms of us getting that asset, incredible enthusiasm and the integration has gone well. But Samit, maybe you and Adam can speak to details. 
Christopher Boerner: Thanks, Samit. And maybe I'll just close by saying, first, thank you all for joining the call today. I know it is a very busy day for all of you. So maybe I'll just leave you with a few things. First, we're off to a very good start in 2024. Our performance this quarter reflects execution and actions that we've taken to strengthen the company's long-term growth profile. Our business out remains unchanged from the beginning of the year. And of course, we look forward to sharing our continued progress on future calls.  And with that, we'll close the call. And as always, the team is available to answer any questions you have following today's discussion, and I hope all of you have a very good day. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Chris, thanks for the question. So we're making good progress across the totality of our growth portfolio. As David shared, we saw strong year-on-year demand growth across the majority of our growth products. And we continue to be focused on accelerating our key brands. And we're doing what we said we would do as we continue to drive our growth portfolio.   So just a few of the products that I think is important to mention. Opdualag has become a new standard of care in first-line metastatic melanoma, grew 76%. Reblozyl continue to deliver strong performance post first-line. COMMANDS approval grew over 70% as well.   We have increased investment at the end of last year behind products like SOTYKTU, Breyanzi and Camzyos. Camzyos continues to demonstrate strong growth. We had 25% growth of new patients added on to commercial drug quarter-over-quarter. Breyanzi, we also increased our investment. We're a much stronger supply position today than we were last year and increasingly being recognized as a best-in-class CAR-T. And as David mentioned, we're readying for the launch of KarXT in September, which is a very significant multibillion-dollar opportunity. I would say that a product like Abecma has been more challenging for us. But we have an opportunity now with the KarMMa-3 approval to work to return Abecma to growth over time as we move into a larger patient population. But adding it all up, we continue to make good progress in delivering strong commercial execution and performance. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Thank you, Chris and Seamus, thanks for the question. As it relates to IRA, there are obviously multiple components to it. There's the negotiation. There's also the change in the Part D benefit design. So in 2024, we don't anticipate significant impact across our portfolio, across Eliquis, Revlimid or other brands. We do expect, though, more substantial changes to the Part D benefit next year since the products are impacted by the redesign. We are carefully evaluating each product individual dynamics now and we'll see into the future. And we're monitoring very closely to understand the impact of, for example, out-of-pocket caps and other shifts that are happening in the system.  So as we move from a $3,500 cap to a $2,000 cap, we would expect to see more patients' ability to fill their medicines and improve as it becomes lower at the pharmacy counter. But obviously, we'll need to do more -- see more data before we can provide additional details. 
Adam Lenkowsky: So as it relates to Breyanzi, what we saw in the quarter was we were able to stabilize the decline in the U.S. Sales were roughly flat versus last quarter. What you're referring to internationally is we did see strong demand growth, which we expect to continue, but that demand growth was offset by negative pricing skewing reimbursement, mainly in Germany. So that's where that took place.  And now with KarMMa-3, it gives us the opportunity to have a different conversation with our customers about our data in a larger patient population. And our objective is to return Abecma to growth over time as we move into this larger patient population.  Now for Breyanzi, we're very excited about this product. In Q1, we increased sales over 50% versus the prior year. We anticipate robust growth this year, because not only just in accelerated growth in DLBCL, as Breyanzi is increasingly recognized as the best-in-class CD19, we also expect to see expanded indications. We just received approval in the U.S. for CLL and with additional approvals anticipated next month in follicular lymphoma and mantle cell lymphoma. And this is going to roughly double the addressable market for Breyanzi.  We're also very encouraged by our expanded manufacturing capacity and now in a much stronger position to meet demand. We're seeing about 20% outpatient use today for Breyanzi, and we expect that to continue based on the differentiated safety profile. So taken together, we're very excited about the growth profile of Breyanzi. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Thanks for the question. We're pleased with Camzyos' performance in the quarter. And we saw a nice acceleration in new patient starts. We saw about a 25% increase in patients added to commercial dispense, but that was offset as you mentioned, by approximately $25 million inventory work down from Q4 to Q1. And we saw a slight gross to net impact as well from copay restart that happened at the beginning of the year. What we see from Camzyos is consistent positive feedback from physicians and patients. It's very positive. We're also making very good progress in the launch internationally as we work to secure reimbursement. So we're seeing good momentum for Camzyos and we feel good about the performance of this important product now until the end of the year, for sure. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Trung, as it relates to Abecma, we're certainly pleased with the regulatory approvals of KarMMa-3 in a triple class-exposed setting in the U.S., in Europe and in Japan. This will remain a very competitive space with multiple products and modalities available. Our focus is on educating physicians on the KarMMa-3 data, Abecma's differentiated and predictable safety profile as well as the manufacturing reliability that we've had with Abecma. We're also focused on expanding our site footprint in the U.S. and around the globe, making Abecma available to more patients. So we believe that there is a place for multiple assets in this market, and our objective is to return Abecma to growth over time as we move into a larger patient population. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. I'll start. Thanks for the question. First, I'd say we're pleased with our continued progress as Opdualag has become the standard of care in the United States in first-line metastatic melanoma. We saw over 70% growth versus prior year. And our market share now is above 25% in the U.S., and we still have further room to grow penetrating what's still around 15% monotherapy use. It's exciting because we're also starting to launch internationally in markets like Australia, in Canada and Brazil as well as several European markets. We still have not had an opportunity to launch in Germany, but we are working on that negotiation. And we're hopeful that we have an opportunity to launch there sometime in the back end of this year and into next year. Additionally, as spoken earlier, we're very pleased to have the proof-of-concept study with LAG-3 on top of PD-L1s and chemo in first-line lung cancer. And when you add that up, coupled with opportunities with lung and adjuvant melanoma, Opdualag truly has the potential to meaningfully extend our I-O franchise well into the next decade. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Thanks for the question. So we're very excited about the opportunity to launch KarXT later this year. This is a very important drug with significant commercial potential. As we talked about, KarXT will be the first innovative therapy in schizophrenia approved for decades. And what we've shared is KarXT offers Zyprexa-like efficacy without the significant adverse event that's plagued the D2 such as weight gain, lipidemia, EPS. And we know how compelling this is for physicians. We are rapidly preparing for the launch and the plans are going well, and we will be ready to launch by the summer, well in advance of our PDUFA date.  We've been focused on prelaunch efforts and made very good progress preparing for the launch. So Karuna had made good progress in sourcing a very experienced commercial organization and our field medical and our access teams have already begun meaningful conversations with thought leaders and payers. Our prelaunch efforts today are focused on driving awareness of this new mechanism. We're currently building out a large neuroscience field sales organization. In fact, we've increased the investment across multiple fronts to maximize the opportunity that we have.  So we also need to ensure that physicians have a positive first experience. So we're focused on building our customer model to make sure that we have the optimal physician caregiver and patient support. And as you alluded to, we know that achieving rapid access is important. And so this is a largely Medicaid and Medicare opportunity, around 70%, and our access teams are ready today. We will leverage our large access organization to ensure rapid access for patients. Our teams have already been out and meeting with state Medicaid directors, and the feedback on the product profile has been very, very positive.  So over half of state Medicaid programs either have no step edits or a single step edit. So our goal is to improve the quality of access to only one step edit, which you know is going to take some time, but we're very confident in our ability to achieve quality access for this product. So given a September '26 PDUFA and some of the timelines to obtain broad Medicaid coverage, we effectively see this as a 2025 launch, but we're very excited about the potential of KarXT and we plan to make this a very big product for Bristol-Myers Squibb. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, I'll just add just a few things. RayzeBio was an important strategic acquisition that we believe continues to diversify our oncology portfolio. It's -- as Chris mentioned, we see this as a modality that's going to continue to grow over time. It will be a competitive space.  But what we liked about RayzeBio, this is going to be an IND engine. And the lead program RYZ101 is already in Phase III development, as you heard earlier, for GEP-NET. But we have opportunities in small cell lung cancer, in breast cancer and potentially many other tumor types. So this is tremendously complementary to our existing portfolio. 
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you, David. And just to build on what David said, from a pipeline perspective, we took a very thoughtful approach to see -- from our rich pipeline, what are the assets that we are not going to be continuing on our own. So first thing that we looked at is the evolving science from the ongoing exploration of our clinical assets. An example over there where we look at CTLA-4 in our pipeline that we were developing, we had set the bar with ipilimumab, which is already a high bar to then look at the data and then we decided that if the data are not going to be better than ipilimumab, we shouldn't be continuing that program, so we decided not to continue with that. Similarly, when we looked at external and internal data for the SIRP alpha program, that did not meet the muster, and we wanted to look at the real return on that investment as well for patients. And so we are not going to continue that program.  The second way we looked at it is that the science may be really good. Data evolution is really good, but does it really make sense from -- for a company our size to continue a program if it's not going to be ultimately a growth driver. So from that perspective, if you think about BET 158, where the data are pretty good in myelofibrosis, but really, from our perspective, does not meet the threshold to be a driver for our growth potential. So that program, we are not going to be continuing.  And then, of course, we continue to look at our desire to be either first-in-class or best-in-class product profile. So from that perspective, we continue to focus on what we will continue versus not. Overall, I would say, Evan, that we have about -- discontinued about 12 programs at this time. But it's a continuum. And so throughout the year, we'll continue to look at these same principles and see what else we need to take out from our pipeline and either externalize it or not be able to develop it further. 
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Adam. And then thanks, Seamus, for the question. For Opdualag, let's just take a step back and understand what we were planning to do and try to do. So for Opdualag, we conducted a study of Opdualag plus chemotherapy in first-line non-small cell lung cancer. At first, we wanted to define the dose. So we tested a couple of doses in the first part of the study. And in the second part of the study, then we randomize the patient to receive Opdualag plus chemotherapy versus nivolumab plus chemotherapy. And as we have said before, what we wanted to understand, is the drug applicable for all patients? Or are we going to find a differential activity in a subset of patients? And what we have said is we have found a subgroup of patients where the drug's activity is good and encourages us to now go into a Phase III trial. And so we are looking forward to presenting the data in the second half of this year as well as initiating the trial versus standard of care in the second half of this year. And we are planning that, we'll be executing that. As soon as we have that ready, you will be hearing about it.  In addition to that, Opdualag, is of course, other opportunities. As you know, we are already waiting for the data for the adjuvant melanoma trial and we're looking forward to the data evolution towards the back end of this year in first-line hepatocellular carcinoma as well. 
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you, Carter, for the question. So for Camzyos, we remain obviously very confident in the overall profile of Camzyos. It has been a very transformational therapy for patients. And as you mentioned, the data at ACC clearly showed from the patients that have been treated in the real world that there is transformational outcome. And from a safety perspective, with 80% of the patients being treated, the 2.5- and the 5-milligram dose, the overall outcomes remain really, really positive as well as the impact on the ejection fraction is minimal at best. So certainly, it gives us an opportunity to collate that data and find the conversations continuing with the FDA at appropriate times. Remember, we've also got the nonobstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy study that we'll be reading out early next year. So that will provide another opportunity for us to also engage deeper into conversations for the REMS program as a whole and how we can bring this therapy to more patients as well as decrease the burden on the patients.  With that, let me pass it on to Adam to comment more. 
Samit Hirawat: And thank you for the question. If I think about KRYSTAL-12, remember, this is a study with a primary end point in progression-free survival. And you will see the data being presented at ASCO. Overall survival data remains immature at this time, so I will not be able to comment on the specifics of that. But really excited for the confirmation of the single-arm study previously done now with the randomized study here. 
Samit Hirawat: Certainly, I can take that question. Look, obviously, I can't comment on what others have seen. All we know is they've seen six patients worth of data. Hard to compare six patients worth of data with more than 200 patients treated with Opdualag plus chemotherapy in the first-line setting.  What we have seen is overall review of our own data set, looking at the various endpoints that we looked at as well as the biomarkers we looked at in our [ profile ] and we remain confident in the profile of the drug to take it forward into the Phase III. 
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you for the question. For Rayze, as Chris just mentioned, the platform is absolutely exciting and very encouraging data that we have seen emerging from the first program that is already in Phase III for the SSTR directed radioligand therapy. And that Phase III program is right now enrolling in the GEP-NET indication as well as the small cell lung cancer Phase I studies ongoing, and we are looking to see a couple of other indications added over there, and we're designing those trials as we speak and conduct those. So it holds a huge amount of promise because of the specificity of the directed radiation to the tumor itself.  Thereafter, we're looking forward to additional IND filing later this year, and that might then be able to start our actually very specific tumor-directed indication within HCC at the back half of this year. And then thereafter, we are looking to see an IND generation coming from this platform as we go forward.  With the Indianapolis manufacturing facility now up and running, we're looking forward to supplying the actinium part of it as well as the drug product towards the back half -- or back end to early part of next year, and that will certainly help in terms of continuing to supply and taking it forward. We are learning lessons from the front runners and those lessons will be very helpful as we go into the commercial stages in a couple of years. 
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you. First of all, great profile for KarXT that I think Adam has spoken about earlier from a safety profile perspective and the data has recently been presented also at the SIRS conference where we do not see the same toxicities that are seen with the atypical such as the tardive dyskinesia, the movement disorders as well as many of the other elements that have been spoken about, so I won't repeat. So that's why we are very confident on the profile and looking forward to bring it to the patients with schizophrenia. And then as David said earlier, with other indications as well for AD psychosis, agitation, bipolar disorders and others that we are exploring.  On the CAR-T side, certainly an advantage for a single infusion leading to good outcomes for patients, especially starting with SLE in the refractory setting, where patients have had multiple other treatments ongoing and organ dysfunction factors in these patients. That is the advantage, a single infusion, if that can cause tremendous transformational outcomes for these patients.  As you know, our program is quite large. So we are also looking at multiple sclerosis as well as systemic sclerosis as well as idiopathic myositis. So those programs as they enroll patients will generate the data, and we're hoping to be able to present some data from SLE this year and certainly, future approaches might include non-lymphodepletion therapies, but we're not ready for that right now. 
