Lamberto Andreotti: Why don’t you – why don’t I start. Thank you this gives me the opportunity of saying couple of things about, a couple of additional things about, Lamberto and then Francis will continue, with more specific answer to your question. I want to confirm that we are aggressively invest in this immuno-oncology portfolio that we have and it will not be clearly an important component of this portfolio that we started to build with YERVOY. We believe that based on the data we presented at ASCO, we believe that transformational potential of immuno-oncology and we feel good about our leadership position in this area. Others are working also in this area, we’ve company that working also in this area, but we are committed to remain at the forefront through a program that is science driven that are device entity and actually go. Let's go back to, to PD-1 and the question on the disclosure out data.
Lamberto Andreotti: Jamie, thank you. So we’ve had no difficult at all recruiting. What has bumped up after ASCOs obviously with combination studies we have ongoing. And actually requests for many different other tumors in compassionate use. There is a lot of interest. In terms of other tumors and other combinations, I’d say, we’re looking already at – have it just on carcinoma and hematologic relating piece with Nivolumab and we plan to start very soon a clinical program exploring both monotherapy and the Nivolumab YERVOY combination in the number of additional tumor types, strictly those with higher met needs such as head and neck glioblastoma, colon cancer with high microsatellite instability pancreatic gastric, small cell lung triple makes the breadth. A whole combination of studies, which I think will inform us about where we will see both from monotherapy and combination, where we go next. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti: So Andrew, let me start with the non-small cell lung combination. As I just mentioned, we are ongoing with 1b study. We’re obviously looking carefully at safety and efficacy and we will have structure in-house towards the end of the year beginning next year. Obviously, we’re also looking at monotherapy and so we got a couple of options here, because those are in Phase III. As far as LAG3 is concerned, as you say we are very excited about LAG3. There is no particular delay with due to go in to the clinic before the end of the year. And of course the exciting about this is an area of interest around exhausted T-cells, which of course is NUEVO, YERVOY, and of course LAG3 is doing very well. So with no delay, we’re very excited to get in.
Lamberto Andreotti: And Tim, I think we have discussed the commercial aspects of YERVOY close that once we have at both trials and we have analyzed that.Tim Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein:  Thanks.
Lamberto Andreotti: Hi, Seamus, thank you. The DAP data, we are submitting significantly enhances the information we provided in our first submission. And in addition to many of the questions raised by the FDA is part of the, I should say all the questions raised by the FDA is part of that complete response letter. Part of the reason for the outcome is that the original outcome as you recall that was a vote not to approve. So the FDA felt it was important to come back and present our broader portfolio of information now and for the advisory committee to apply as part as recent initiatives say we will have a couple of studies on CV risk which are now two years in, those are in patients with a history of CV disease who are diabetic and two new studies which weren’t in original (Inaudible) specifically studying blood pressure and glycemic control in diabetic patients. As you heard earlier we now have PDUFA date of early January, we’re preparing for the advisory committee with a hope of getting approval then.
Lamberto Andreotti: So about investments Charlie will give you today first of all it is a great problem to have because when you have multiple assets behind which you can invest that means that you have a good portfolio and I feel very good about it having said that yes we have a lot of investment that are needed to support that pipeline and that portfolio. Excuse me if you think about 2015 when we were looking at we are preparing for the revision of the guidance we obviously look at expenses and when we are facing the service recall and the foreign exchange we can see that whoever we had to cut expenses significantly and we decided not to go beyond looking politicians is because we believe we need to support the portfolio, the launches and the pipeline we have, Charlie.
Lamberto Andreotti: I would start to it comments on the R&D. The R&D expense it is a very important subject and we have still discussing this subject within our Company it is clear that the opportunity associated for us and for the patients associated with immuno-oncology are increasing and therefore Francis and Charlie and I together with our teams are looking at level of investments that which we require as Charlie mentioned we also have other investments that involve R&D, and then our commercial organizations we are looking at in defining the budget for next year. I think I can could clarify on ELIQUIS, the sales for this quarter were below what we were expecting. But today then and is there something that’s you were still at the launch stage and so these guidance is are related to the performance of ELIQUIS we seen.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yeah, Mark, just to say, I’m not going to comment specifically on the timing, but what I will say is we are encouraged about the progress of the three trials we had ongoing in melanoma, two of them with – monotherapy and one with the combination. Interim analysis are embedded in all these trials we have overall responses, one with primary endpoints. And certainly there is the – we’re looking at other ways to accelerate as well. So we’re enthusiastic about the Phase III program give there is a lot of option. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti: Sure, Giovanni I can comment, first of all Steve that was a good question on ELIQUIS and Giovanni can give you a good answer. And then you will talk about bigger.
Lamberto Andreotti: Giovanni, you will take ELIQUIS and DBP force on business development group. Now I think that if I would tell our idea has now changed. So we continue to look at a full range of opportunities that goes from in market products to early stage on the assets. And it is clear that even though we have an interesting portfolio of our all interesting pipeline ourselves. We must be very careful on not loosing opportunities outside there to integrate our pipeline without assets that come from the outside. So yes, there is continuing activity to identify early, also early assets that can make our presence in our DBP areas stronger. Giovanni.
Lamberto Andreotti: Tony, in fact Astra has been very engaged and we have discussions with AstraZeneca at all levels including discussion between Pascal Soriot and myself about how to improve our presence in diabetes. It is not necessary through that we have only invested or decided to invest more behind BYDUREON, the U.S. we are adding an additional sales force, but it’s mostly focused on. So its entire portfolio that we are supporting and again Astra is engaged and we are engaged equally and we continue to work together to optimize the individual asset and the entire portfolio.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, Tony. And with this thank you. We as I said, we just complete and have a very important quarter for Bristol-Myers Squibb, a quarter that is characterized by the balanced execution between commercial sales and clinical R&D advances. A quarter there is progress on driving near-term results and making long-term investments. Thank you very much everybody.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Gregg, we are very encouraged by the progress at both our Phase III and early trials. We expect to get data from our ongoing Phase II study and third line squamous non-small cell lung early in 2014 depending on the results of that and our discussions with regulators that may lead to a submission and obviously an opportunity to present that at ASCO. In addition we have combination data from Nivolumab and YERVOY ongoing renal cell carcinoma and non-small cell lung this is 1b study and we will be seeing in-house that data before the end of the year that will help us to determine how to go forward with further studies in that combination. Again this will be presented at ASCO next year. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes thanks you. Good morning. I would say following up to what Lamberto just said there are really four areas in which we are focusing on, I’ll touch on those very briefly. We had really good access early in launch with a large percentage of lights covered in both commercial and Medicare, the focus now for the second part of the year is actually increasing, preferred status coverage in both areas and currently as you know in Medicare that is very important. The second point is, with hospital formulary listing and stocking we had somewhat of a slow start there, we are now back on track, but clearly in the second part of the year we’ll be working very actively to fully close that gap. The third one is penetration in cardiology, as Lamberto mentioned; we actually have had a good initial uptake in cardiology when you look at new two brands share in MBRX share we are at roughly 15% at this point in cardiology, which is in line with PRADAXA and when you look at our switch share in cardiology this above 20% or significant for PRADAXA. :
Giovanni Caforio: Yes in the U.S. only demand sales in the quarter was $16 million and so the $12 million really relates to a work down in the initial inventory, which was built in Q1 when we started distribution of the products. But the demand in the quarter for the U.S. market was $16 million. And in terms of abandonment and rejection rates. We’re doing quite well. It’s in line with our forecast because our reimbursement support programs are working quite effectively.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. So the message is actually resonating quite well and when you look at the messages that are recalled by physicians, the first three messages that are recalled in very high percentages are stock reduction, the bleeding data and the mortality data. Obviously, the dataset is one of the most comprehensive datasets that exist and we’ve seen that physicians that are exposed to a medical education program and have the opportunity to learn about the profile typically become believers and styles and that’s the reason why we are strengthening the investment in medical education programs and appear to be events in the second part of the year, because when physicians are exposed to the full dataset, it actually resonates quite well.
Giovanni Caforio: Yeah Steve this is Giovanni. I guess going back to what we said at the beginning we had very good success with access from early on and continue to have over 80% of life’s covered under commercial space and over 75% of life’s covered in America space. My comment was there covered life’s had the beginning as always primarily non-preferred status, we are currently working and completing contract negotiations to increase the percentage of life’s that are in the preferred status and that’s normal. With respect to performance our update in cardiology has been quite good it has been quite good at the beginning, the last few weeks have been more I would say flat than the first part of the uptick curve, part of that was leading to a number of weeks where they were short weeks because of vacation in the U.S. but the uptake in cardiology continues to be good and what we want to see in the second part of the year is that uptake to accelerate and to broaden in some segments of primary care and we haven't seen that yet.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, so to answer this on early question primary care. The biggest hurdle in primary care has really been so far the intention of warfarin. If you compare primary care, in cardiology about two-thirds of new patients today at over discussed on a new agent in primary care, two-thirds patients are still started of warfarin and there clearly a differentiated profile like the profile of ELIQUIS has the potential to accelerate over time that transition. We don’t see the breathe of indications as a major factor there, but of course as you know we are working to broaden our indication set as well. And then on DBP force, a lot of the acceleration that we saw last year for DBP forces in U.S. was really related to the very rapid erosion of the [PZDs] the slowdown this year has really been related primarily to that process endings. But we continue to see opportunity for growth of DBP-4s clearly the very accelerated growth of last year was linked to a number of factors including the erosion of TCDs.
Charles Bancroft: Yeah, thanks Lamberto. I would just say as a general premise given our legacy and heritage of productivity we will continue to drive efficiencies throughout our P&L as part of our everyday business. But having said that we need to balance the short-term and long-term as we build a solid foundation for sustained long-term growth and as Lamberto mentioned, we have a lot of very unique opportunities in front of us. Let me frame it by saying, if I look at the portfolio, we are taking out almost all ABILIFY expenses as I think about 2013, as we transferred most commercial responsibilities to Otsuka. And we’ve also optimized our matured brands and in-line brands, although we continue to look for efficiencies there. So moving forward, when we think about ELIQUIS in the continued rollout of launches, the annualization of DTC spend in the U.S., obviously there’ll be more spend going forward. And same thing with diabetes as we brought up another sales force and potentially launching Forxiga in the U.S. and we’re also rolling out Forxiga launches globally, you would see incremental expenses there, as well. And there’s been some questions already on IO, that’s a unique and compelling opportunity for Bristol-Myers Squibb, so moving forward from 2013 that will be an area of focus. And then lastly in Hepatitis C, we do have a unique and significant opportunity in Japan. And sort of one-offs in different countries as the portfolio evolved that we will see incremental expenses as we think about our Hepatitis C program as well.
Charles Bancroft: I would just add to that Mark is that when we look at guidance and as we projected it we take our product trend into account. The bigger issues as I mentioned were FERVEX and the total year impact as we see it for FERVEX is going to be over $80 million FERVEX and the other two products and then FX as I mentioned had a $180 million impact. So they were the larger ones that we take into account all product, all product trends. 
Charles Bancroft: Just not going to comment anymore about save the results but of course as you know they will be presented on Labor Day at the ESC. I think many of us were very encouraged by the recent meeting at the NIH where for two days this item was discussed and I think not many people (inaudible) that we have that there really wasn't any indication that either GLP-1 based therapy more – were associated with the risk of pancreatic carcinoma, thank you.
