Vincent Mihalik: Thank you, Mark. Before I comment on the performance of our marketed products, I'd like to note that as we work to complete the tQT study with exenatide, we are continuing to enroll patients in centers with the EXCEL cardiovascular outcome study and are actively engaged in market development activities to support the successful launch of BYDUREON. With the power of continuous control in just one weekly dose, we firmly believe that BYDUREON is a product that represents an opportunity to revolutionize the way patients and physicians manage their type 2 diabetes. So let's now move on to discuss the BYETTA performance. BYETTA sales decreased approximately 6.2% quarter-over-quarter. The decrease in sales was generally in line with a decline in total prescriptions of 6.6%. Although BYETTA prescriptions declined quarter-over-quarter, we're continuing to observe positive dynamics for the GLP-1 share of the diabetes market during the first quarter.  Since the launch of the second daily dose GLP-1 receptor agonist nearly a year ago, 4-week moving averages indicate that the total weekly prescriptions for GLP-1 receptor agonists have grown by approximately 32%. We believe that the steady GLP-1 class growth observed in the U.S. is a clear sign that the market is willing to adopt new entrants into this important class of therapies, a sign that bodes well for the launch of BYDUREON.  While the GLP-1 class growth has been encouraging, we believe the class has enormous potential to continue its growth. As such, the core focus of our sales and marketing organization is on driving additional adoption of BYETTA by both patients and physicians who have not yet experienced the benefits of GLP-1 therapy.  In support of these efforts, we intend to expand the indication for BYETTA later this year, having submitted a supplementary new drug application for the use of BYETTA with basal insulin in late 2010, we're expecting regulatory action before the end of the year. Based on the data we've seen to date, we are very excited to have the opportunity to make BYETTA available to millions of insulin-using type 2 diabetes patients in the United States. With the potential to provide outstanding post-meal glucose control and help insulin-using patients achieve lower fasting plasma glucose levels and improve hemoglobin A1C relative to patients using insulin alone, we believe that this potential new indication for BYETTA could provide a compelling addition to the choices available to both patients and physicians.  Along with the well-established safety and efficacy profile of BYETTA and a heritage established by more than 5 years of market presence, our managed markets team has achieved broad access with managed care plans. Maintaining strong managed care access is a key strategic advantage, and we continue to maintain greater than 80% tier 2 access.  Additionally, I'd like to congratulate our managed markets team for being selected by the Health Industries Research Center as the team with the best account managers in a small company category for the second year in a row. Our ability to deliver favorable managed care coverage remains a priority and having a top brained team in place will allow us to maintain strong access for patients using our therapies. Simply put, for patients, providers and payers, BYETTA has a proven and sustained A1C control powerful postprandial and fasting blood glucose reductions, potential for improved beta-cell function, a low risk of hypoglycemia, strong patient support programs and broad managed care access. Now let's move on to SYMLIN, the first and only FDA-approved Amylin analog. As a reminder, SYMLIN is our fully-owned compound that addresses unmet needs for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes, who use mealtime insulin. SYMLIN reduces blood glucose fluctuations and improves glucose control, often with weight loss.  The first quarter of 2011 was a transition quarter for SYMLIN after more than 5 years of manufacturing and promoting SYMLIN in a vial and syringe presentation, and 3 years in the SymlinPen. We transitioned to a pen-only presentation in January of this year. The SymlinPen now represents approximately 93% of the prescriptions for SYMLIN.  SYMLIN revenues decreased by approximately 11.8% during the quarter. The decrease was in line with expectations following the end of our manufacturing and promotion of the vial presentation of SYMLIN, which represented approximately 30% of the 2010 SYMLIN revenue. Until the inventory of vials that remains in the distributions channel has been completed, we expect to continue to see some variability in prescription trends.  Let me close my portion of the remarks by saying that we continue to build momentum and enthusiasm and are focused on driving BYETTA and SYMLIN sales.  I'll now turn the call back over to Dan for a few additional thoughts.
Vincent Mihalik: Yes, Josh, thanks for the question. Actually, we've been expanding the, I'd say, the access we have in Medicare Part D. And as a result, we had a very small exposure initially to the Healthcare Reform Act, and the doughnut hole did have some -- it usually does have some impact in the first quarter of every year. We do usually see a bump back up. This particular quarter, the diabetes market was relatively flat. We didn't see much of an expansion in the overall market. We're continuing to assess our risk, however, under the Healthcare Reform Act. It has had some minor implications for us to date, and we've included those in our financials. But overall, our exposure is not that broad.
Vincent Mihalik: Thanks, Robyn. Robyn, obviously, we're seeing very good growth and adoption in Europe relative to the GLP-1 class. And, in fact, the market has gone up about 83% since the launch of both GLP-1 receptors agonists in the European marketplace. And so I think the overall adoption of the GLP-1 class and especially the response to the second GLP-1 receptor agonist, certainly bodes well, I think, for BYDUREON with its continuous control with once-week dosing.
Vincent Mihalik: In fact, Robyn, we are seeing about a 30% growth in volumes since about a year ago, and about 25% share growth in the diabetes class since about a year ago. And when you talk to physicians, particularly endocrinologists, most of them, 3 out of 4, say they are going to increase their use of GLP-1s in the future. So I think it bodes well for the continued growth of the GLP-1 class. And keep in mind that greater than 70% of all the scripts are coming from PCP. So, all in all, I think we're going to continue to see this class grow over time.
Vincent Mihalik: Yes. Thanks, Dan. On the European market, obviously, as I was commenting earlier, we are seeing really good growth in adoption for GLP-1s in the European market. Of course, it varies by country and also varies by the reimbursement system. But for the most part, we are seeing major expansion, literally, more than doubling of the GLP-1 market in each of those countries. So with the launch of a second GLP-1 receptor agonist more, I would say, voices in the market, we're beginning to see greater expansion in the diabetes market of the GLP-1 class across all of Europe. So I think that bodes well for BYDUREON's presence in the European market. As it relates to the DURATION-6 and again, Dan made this comment that when you look across all of the DURATION series, and we look at A1C reductions across a wide range of patients with multiple different therapy backgrounds, we were really surprised at the results. If I take that forward, however, keep in mind that this is a very small difference statistically, so to speak, in hemoglobin A1C but not a very big difference clinically. And most physicians do weigh a number of variables in choosing what medication they're going to provide for patients. They look at efficacy. They look at safety. They look at tolerability. They look at convenience. They look at adherence, and they look at access. And all those things play together before they decide what particular medication they're going to give a patient. And if I again look at DURATION-6, BYDUREON demonstrated outstanding tolerability and, again, continuous control, glucose control, with a once weekly dose. So I think when physicians look across the entire range of DURATION-6 studies, when they look at the advantage of continuous control with once weekly dosing, the great tolerability potential for weight loss, its comparison to other most frequently prescribed anti-diabetes medications, I think it bodes very well for BYDUREON's competitiveness.
Vincent Mihalik: Thanks, Steve, for the question. And yes, I think you could say yes to both parts of that question. I think you're going to see patients who have started on GLP-1s. We have already good compliance and good adherence; want to move to a once monthly given their experiences and the ease and convenience of once-month dosing. And I think as well physicians may look at patients who are out of control, who have difficulty with adherence moving to once a month dosing because of its convenience and adherence. So I think you could say yes to both sides of that equation.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Vince. Before the close of our prepared remarks, I'll just add a few more comments. As we entered the second quarter of 2011, I would like to quickly preview our presence at the American Diabetes Association Scientific Meeting that would be held June 24 through June 28 right here in San Diego. Once again, we are planning to have a significant scientific and commercial presence at that meeting. I am pleased to announce that we have had more than 20 abstracts accepted at the meeting, with additional studies submitted as late breakers. A preliminary list of our abstracts and other activities at ADA will be posted to our corporate website when available. Additionally, the webcast of our annual investor reception at the ADA will take place on Sunday, June 26, at 7:30 p.m. Pacific Time. We look forward to seeing many of you in San Diego as we review meeting highlights and take questions. I'm also pleased to note that we will be holding our 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Tuesday, May 24, at 9 a.m. Pacific Time here in San Diego. For those stockholders who aren't able to attend the meeting in person, we invite them to listen to the webcast of the meeting, followed by a corporate overview. We look forward to this opportunity to provide additional updates about Amylin and meet with our stockholders in person. In closing, I'd like to reiterate that I, along with the Amylin leadership team, remain committed to creating value for our shareholders, our employees and most importantly, the millions of diabetes patients we are focused on serving. Additionally, like to thank each and every one of the Amylin employees for their dedication and commitment to this focus.  I'll now ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Dan Bradbury: The big advantage that we have with the suspension program, both the weekly and the monthly, is that they will both be line extensions of BYETTA which, of course, having been in the market now for six years, we'll be able to reference that data set. Our expectation is that it would be similar to BYDUREON and that it'd be a 505(b)(1) application. And as such, would leverage all the data sets that we have on both BYETTA and BYDUREON as part of that application.
Dan Bradbury: Well, if that's the case, Josh, that will be consistent with the guidance that the FDA gave us for BYDUREON. As you know, the regulatory parts of BYDUREON hasn't been as straightforward as that. So we are currently planning to have a discussion with the agency before confirming the regulatory path forward.
Dan Bradbury: Well, until we get actually approval in Europe, I don't expect that we'll be providing any guidance with regards to the European launch price. I should say also, that is the responsibility of Eli Lilly and Company since they're responsible for all commercialization of exenatide products outside the United States.
Dan Bradbury: No, I don't think it is. The reason I say that is that we are still undertaking an investigation of the DURATION-6 study, and I doubt that that will completed and certainly not available in time for submission, even as a late breaker to the ADA.
Dan Bradbury: I'm afraid you're going to have talk to Omar regarding his questions. But to answer your question directly, no. At this point, really, we can't provide any guidance. We're really at the -- still very much at the beginning of the investigation into the outcome of DURATION-6. I mean, that having been said, we do expect that we will complete that this year, and that the results we'll be able to report at the scientific meeting in the future.
Dan Bradbury: Yes, sure. For DURATION-6, I think it's really looking at the overall conduct of the study. This study was conducted in 19 different countries. There was multiple sites in many of those countries. And -- sorry, about 120 sites, apparently, overall. And so, it's really looking at the conduct of those sites and making sure that it's been completed. The study was completed appropriately. I think also looking and making sure that there are no issues with regards to drug supply in terms of how the drug was supplied and the storage of drug, et cetera, during the conduct of the study.
Dan Bradbury: Well, I think just to say that we were surprised with the outcome of the study. It wasn't what we expected, clearly, from a BYDUREON standpoint. Having completed 5 other studies and each of those studies having got greater A1C reductions than we saw in DURATION-6, I think it's reasonable for us to investigate the conduct of the study.
Dan Bradbury: There was no additional data submitted to the EMEA that was not submitted to the FDA. That would not be a good thing to do. And just to say that as far as we're aware, at this point, the prescribing information does not include any additional comment on QT. We have to wait for the final label. We haven't received that yet, of course, because what we've received so far is the CPMP recommendation for approval and not the final approval in Europe, which we'd expect to receive within 2 to 3 months.
Dan Bradbury: Sure. Well, Yaron, thanks for the question. And you're actually right. I mean, the data continues to look very, very positive with regards to the benefits of metreleptin in patients with these rare forms of lipodystrophy that we're treating. In terms of buy in from the FDA, we have orphan drug designation. We've got that prior to the submission of the first part of the BLA that went in at the end of last year. That was the clinical and non-clinical sections. And obviously, before we submitted that, we reviewed with the agency the data that we had. And we were informed that, that would be adequate for review. So in terms of -- I think, we have about as much as buy in as could be expected from the agency prior to completion of the review. Our intention is to complete the application later this year by submitting the chemistry, manufacturing and controls section of the BLA by the end of this year. And we do expect that we will submit at that point for priority review. And if that's granted, then there's the potential for us to gain approval by the second half of 2012. The way we think of it is, at this time, we're still, I think, finalizing our commercialization plans. You're absolutely right. It's not a very significant number of people. When you look globally, it's probably less than 3,000 people here in the United States, somewhere in the region of around 1,000 to 1,200 patients is probably what we're looking at. We're actually, at this point, undertaking some epidemiology work to get a good idea or a better idea, I should say, of the exact opportunity. But I think it's fair to say that this is very much an ultra orphan product. And as such, we'd be looking to commercialize it in a similar manner to drugs of that nature that have been commercialized in the past.
Dan Bradbury: So the specifics of our ADA abstracts, we haven't released yet. But I think you could be assured that we will have our usual investor meeting at the ADA and expect that there will be a full review of appropriate data at that meeting.
Dan Bradbury: Yes, I think in terms of PK, we will be presenting data on the program at a future scientific meeting. But I would remind you that the formulation that we're using is the same formulation that was used in BYDUREON. And that formulation was actually initially designed to be a monthly product. So we don't expect to see very substantial increases in variability from a PK standpoint. There will be some because you reduced your dosing frequency. But we don't expect, in fact, we have not seen very significant increases in PK variability. In terms of your second part of your question regarding doing a DURATION-like program, I think once we get guidance from regulatory authorities with regards to what the appropriate program would be for approval, we'll then make further decisions with regards to whether or not any additional studies would be warranted for the monthly program.
Dan Bradbury: No. In terms of DURATION-6, we actually don't have any analysis at this time that I can comment on. But also, there was no extension to this study. So we don't have any information for patients who went beyond that six months period.
Dan Bradbury: Just to say that, well, we haven't the given any specifics with regards to the dosing information. That will be presented at a future scientific meeting. We're also, at this point, completing our work to make the final dose selection and that has not been made at this time. With regards to weight loss, I would just say that weight loss was consistent with that seen in previous studies with BYDUREON.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, John. Nice to hear your voice. Just to say that we expect that the tQT study that's being conducted now would be adequate with regards to providing any assurances with regards to any effect on exenatide on QT prolongation or not. This case, as we don't believe will be the case for exenatide once monthly. The plasma concentrations that we expect to see with monthly are subject to the dose that we would select for that product. But even in the case of patients who would have some forms of renal impairment, we would expect that the data that we would generate from the ongoing tQT study would be adequate for us to be able to model what would be expected for those patients from that study. So our expectation is that the tQT study that's ongoing would be adequate for any submission for a monthly program.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks very much, everybody. Again, thanks for your interest and for your questions today. We have a huge opportunity as a company to continue to advance our mission of discovering and developing and commercializing medicines to improve the lives of patients. Additionally, our leadership team and the many dedicated employees of Amylin remain focused both on building the business today and laying the necessary foundation for our success tomorrow. If you have any additional questions from the call today, please call Michael York, the Head of our Investor Relations team. Thank you.
Mark Foletta: Yes, thanks, Omar, for the question. I think it's fair to say, we've been working on our operating model intensely over the last several years as you know. And we guided that we entered the quarter with operating expenses of -- entered the year with operating expenses of $110 million to $115 million. We actually came in below that range in the first quarter at about $106.5 million. We expect some variability there moving forward. But the operating model is in place to launch BYDUREON. And I think that's the important answer to your question. We don't anticipate significant changes other than customary launch-related expenses to launch BYDUREON.
Mark Foletta: Yes, well, that's been a focus. Our receivables turn very, very quickly. I mean in this industry, you get paid very fast on your receivables. So that's not really an issue for us. In terms of inventory, we do have some inventory on the balance sheet, in terms of API for both of our products. Much of that is tied to BYDUREON because we've built some inventory in advance. So I think you would look to see those metrics approved as we go forward again, tied to the launch of BYDUREON.
Mark Foletta: Steve, the collaborative profit sharing is 50% of the gross margin of BYETTA. I don't think it's out of line from any other quarter. So I'm not sure if I'm clear on your question.
Mark Foletta: Yes. We're over 90% on BYETTA and so you should think of a collaborative profit-sharing line as pretty pure as 50% of the U.S. gross margin.
Mark Foletta: Yes, Tom. Thanks for the question. Yes, we did guide that this year, we expect to get -- we crossed the threshold actually right as we exited the quarter and we'll expect to begin to earn royalties relative to BYETTA in the O.U.S. market. With the BYDUREON launch, obviously, we'd expect revenue growth. But I think it's important to remind you the discussion we've had in the past about the gross margin transition for BYDUREON. This royalty is pegged to gross margin, and it is tiered. And we are currently -- as we move in the second half of the year, be in a kind of low- to mid-single digit percentage of gross margins or of royalty on gross margin. And we would expect a few years, Tom, to be able to drive the leverage within the margin line to be able to drive to the next tier. So I think, as you think of your models, obviously, it's very early in terms of thinking of a revenue line for O.U.S. But we would guide you to be conservative in terms of thinking of our margins over the next few years as we drive the leverage at the gross margin line with our plant in Ohio.
