Christopher Boerner: Sure. Let me start with the question on the tipping point and then also your question with respect to liso-cel. And maybe I'll start with the question on liso-cel and how we're thinking about the launch there. We're obviously very excited about the opportunity to launch liso-cel in DLBCL. We expect that imminently. We are obviously going to be very much focused on ensuring at launch that sites are activated very quickly, that we're able to get patients efficiently moved on to therapy.  And then as we stated repeatedly, really, the tipping point with respect to Breyanzi is going to be our ability to continue to expand the CAR-T market by driving referrals and expanding the site footprint and then ultimately being able to leverage what we believe to be a differentiated product profile in order to drive brand share. And so that's going to be very important.  And a similar story will be for ide-cel, where obviously, we have a very strong position in multiple myeloma to leverage. With respect to staying in hematology of the 3 products that were on the slide, Reblozyl. Obviously, Reblozyl is off to a very good start. We're very pleased with the launch so far. The execution for this probably has gone very well, and we continue to believe Reblozyl is going to play a very important role in both MDS and beta thalassemia. As we look at where the launch is at this point, we think thus far, we've had very good demand. Some of that demand, frankly, has been pent-up. And as we get into the first quarter and certainly into this year, we think we'll be tapping into the true underlying demand.  But we continue to see real opportunity to grow this brand both in its labeled indication as well as potentially to expand into the first-line ESA-naive with the COMMANDS studies and ultimately potentially into [indiscernible].  And then for Onureg, Onureg is obviously off to a very good start. As David mentioned, there remains a very high unmet need for patients in first-line AML who've achieved a CR post-intensive chemo but aren't candidates for stem cell. We believe that really, the opportunity here is going to be to continue to drive the benefit that we see from an overall survival standpoint with Onureg.  But importantly, this is a market where there is no established treatment approach in AML maintenance. So what we're going to have to do is continue to build that market and convince physicians that it's a new paradigm to treat these patients and that there's a real urgency to treat them.  And then finally, to pick up on the question on Zeposia, we are very pleased with what we have seen with the opportunity for Zeposia, not only in MS, but particularly in IBD. The MS launch, we think, is going well. In spite of the situation with COVID, we've seen good uptake from physicians in terms of willingness to prescribe. Importantly, the percentage of physicians who now believe that Zeposia is the best S1P is very much on track with what we had hoped for. And given the data that we saw with True North, we think there's considerable opportunity for us to drive business there as well. So very excited about the opportunity with Zeposia. Maybe I'll turn it over to Samit.
Christopher Boerner: Let me start, Terence, and then I'll turn it over to Samit. So yes, so we're excited for the outlook for Opdivo. As was mentioned earlier in the call, we do see continued confidence that Opdivo is going to return to growth in 2021 and contribute meaningfully as part of the I-O franchise to company growth beyond that.  What I would say to answer your question on 9ER is, first of all, 9ER needs to be put within the context of, first of all, a very stable business that we're starting to see in the U.S., a strong business as you saw in the numbers in Q4 ex U.S. And then as David mentioned, we've seen good uptake in the first-line lung launch in the U.S., and it's still very early days outside of the U.S.  We do see that there is a nice opportunity with 9ER in first-line renal. Again, as we talked about, we've got an established footprint with Opdivo + Yervoy there, and we think that by giving us the opportunity to combine with what we believe to be a best-in-class TKI with CABO, there's opportunity to grow that business, particularly as we think about getting into the favorable patient population. Still very early days since we were just approved on the 22nd.  And then with respect to the additional opportunities, as you know, we have de-risked launch launch opportunities with gastric cancer in the first-line metastatic space as well as in the adjuvant space as well as with adjuvant bladder. We do think that those are going to be more indexed to the latter half of this year and then as we get into '22 in terms of their contribution to growth. Maybe with that, I'll turn it over to Samit.
Christopher Boerner: Let me pick up on the question on any risk from new entrants on PD-L1 and particularly the concern about price. So first of all, we watch the competitive dynamics of the PD-L1 marketplace extremely carefully, as you can imagine, and something that we've been looking at considerably has been the question of commoditization. That's been with us really since we were approved with Opdivo.  From a U.S. standpoint, we actually don't see considerable risk from these new entrants, in part driven by a number of factors: first, oncology continues to be a very data-driven field in the U.S. And so we've got a wealth of data covering both Opdivo and Yervoy, which gives us confidence; second, we've established a very strong position across tumors and, of course, we built very significant capabilities to operate in the competitive context, and I think we're demonstrating that now in both renal cell and lung cancer, for example.  Ex U.S., again, it's something that we're going to continue to stay very focused on. One see that in some markets, you may see some risk of commoditization but those tend to be relatively small markets for us. But in general, I would say we're very confident with our competitive position. We don't see meaningful risk with respect to commoditization from where we sit today, but it's something we'll continue to monitor.
Christopher Boerner: Actually, I think, Samit, you covered most of it. The only thing I would add is, obviously, as Revlimid and Pomalyst go generic, our focus is going to continue to be on bringing transformational opportunities forward. As you well know, Seamus, there continues to be considerable unmet need, particularly for patients, as they get into later lines of therapy in multiple myeloma. Ide-cel is going to be an important piece of that innovative pipeline that we bring forward, initially in later line therapy, and then as we've discussed, potentially moving that into earlier lines of therapy in a broader patient population.  And then as Samit mentioned, the opportunity to launch the next-generation BCMA targets with T cell engagers and potentially the next-generation of small molecules, which we think have the potential to displace today's backbone. And then over time, you could envision these newer therapies being combined and targeting different patient populations across lines of therapy and then also thinking about targeting [indiscernible] specific type of drug to the age, performance status or preference of patients. So we're excited about having all of these promising modalities in our portfolio. We think it gives us a unique opportunity to build on our leadership position.
Christopher Boerner: Giovanni, I think you covered it. Tim, the only thing is that I agree with Giovanni. In the medium to long term, we see significant opportunity. The NRDL is only 1 of the payer channels that are available. As Giovanni mentioned, there's a rapidly emerging commercial and private health care market there. And we think that's going to continue to be an important opportunity for locals and multinational companies. And I wouldn't over-extrapolate the dynamics from PD-1 to other therapeutic categories, just given the intense level of competition that you see in China with those products.
Christopher Boerner: David, with respect to Reblozyl in terms of the opportunity, the way I think about it is our initial indication in MDS, remember that a relatively smaller percentage of the overall MDS incidents. So in the U.S., for example, the incidence of MDS is roughly 21,000. The on-label population is a relatively small percentage of that, and that's because the initial indication obviously focuses on those patients who are lower risk, ESA-eligible, RF positive and in the second line.  So the way we think about it is, first and foremost, we've got to continue to drive utilization in the existing indication we have. We think there's continued opportunity there. Then obviously, there's an opportunity to expand within MDS, and we think that the COMMANDS study gives us a meaningful opportunity to both include those patients who are RF negative and move into earlier lines of therapy. And then obviously, beyond MDS, there are other opportunities, beta thal, which is on label today, but then also we have additional opportunities in areas like myofibrosis.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. So Ronny, we're obviously very enthusiastic about the opportunity that we have to play with potentially multiple drugs in IBD, initially with Zeposia and then pending the data with TYK, potentially an opportunity with deucravacritinib as well. The thing to keep in mind is that while IBD is a competitive space, there continues to be a need for efficacious drugs that have a manageable safety profile. Ultimately, we believe that the competitive dynamics are going to play out along a few dimensions.  Obviously, efficacy, safety, route of administration is very important here. And because this is a chronic disease where patients are going to cycle through multiple products, we think having a novel mechanism of action is important. And so when you look at the 2 broad categories of treatments that are available today, notably biologics and JAK inhibitors, we think our initial foray into this space with Zeposia is favorably positioned.  For example, we think Zeposia demonstrates efficacy that is competitive with biologics in an oral formulation with an improved safety profile certainly versus the TNF inhibitors. So we think we play very well there. And similarly, with respect to the JAKs, Zeposia administrates efficacy that's generally competitive with JAKs as well and again, an improved safety profile. And across both of those categories being a novel S1P in the space, we think is going to be important.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Chris, and thanks, Geoff, for the question for deucravacitinib. Let me just start first by saying that for [indiscernible] deucravacitinib, this is not a JAK inhibitor. And the reason I'd say that is because of the specificity and selectivity in terms of targeting TYK2, downstream inhibition of IL-12/23 and intracranial alpha, which leads to a profile that is differentiated. We do not see the signals of lab abnormalities that are generally associated with JAK inhibitors. We do not see the signals for VTEs that are generally associated with JAK inhibitors.  What we have are two very well-conducted Phase III trials showing remarkable efficacy. We are very pleased with the data that we've seen, meeting the primary and secondary endpoints. And we are now looking forward to the data evolving, as Giovanni mentioned on one of his slides, in the next generation of trials that are ongoing in IBD, SLE and beyond. So we are looking forward to the readout of those trials and very pleased with where we stand.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Chris, and thanks, Terence, for the question. For Factor XIa, we expect to have the data from the first of the two proof-of-concept studies that are ongoing, the first one being in the total knee replacement population. And there, we are doing the dose-ranging study and we are evaluating safety and efficacy of the oral factor XIa single agent versus enoxaparin administrated subcutaneously for these subjects.  So what we are trying to see is the profile that emerges from a bleeding perspective, whether we can have a similar or better efficacy with less bleeding. More importantly then, there will be the second study next year looking at a combination to the background therapy of the anti-platelet agents where, again, it is very important to note that, that profile, what impact it will have on bleeding? And if we are able to combine, then it opens up additional indications that we can pursue going forward. So those are the 2 things that we'll be watching out for defining the dose, looking at the safety and, of course, efficacy will also be a point of review.
Samit Hirawat: Maybe I can start off, Steve, with the first question on deucravacritinib. So we have just had the readout of the first Phase III studies in psoriasis. Certainly, data will continue to evolve as we look at the long-term extension studies from psoriasis. We will continue to follow these. We have additional indications ongoing. We do not see the profile that has been described for JAK inhibitors from a MACE perspective, VTE perspective, et cetera.  We have to continue to evaluate. We'll have the discussions with the prescribers, with the health authorities in order to understand what profile is that we need to further investigate. This is not a commercialized drug yet, so in terms of talking about whether the prescribers are convinced or not, I think that is still -- got to be further evaluated, then we are able to present the data and share that profile fully with the community and their perspective with the data in hand. So I think it's too early to define what additional studies to be conducted and we'll continue to follow them very closely.
Samit Hirawat: And Chris, just to be very, very short because we know the time is short here and others also have questions, we do believe that both studies have individually very important role to play: to define the dose and the safety profile. The time difference being the readout of those studies is not too long. So I think we will obviously be able to build development plans based out of the first study. Execution will probably take into account both studies. But as I said, the time difference you can readout is not that long. So execution-wise, both data sets will be important.
Samit Hirawat: Maybe I can start off on orva-cel and then certainly pass it on for Chris to comment on Reblozyl. On orva-cel side, we always look at our portfolio overall and ensure that we are going to develop the best medicines and take that forward. Orva-cel, as you know, was a BCMA-directed cell therapy. We have ide-cel as a front runner, which has the data and has been submitted for review and approval, both in the U.S. as well as in EU.  When we look at the orva-cel evolution of the data and we put it in terms of the landscape and the evolution of data from outside as well, we believe that ide-cel fits perfectly in terms of further development. And orva-cel's platform becomes very important for the next generation of CAR cell development rather than the medicine -- that particular medicine itself. So therefore, we have not taken orva-cel forward as in the current form and would use the platform for evolution of the evolution of the cell therapies.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Andrew. Let me start with the second question first. I don't think you should disregard atrial fibrillation from any trial further. Those are the discussions that we still need to have. And of course, the conversations will need to be had, both with our collaborator, Janssen, as well as the regulatory authorities. But the appropriate competitor would be in the right population. So more to come on that as we gather the data and the conversations gear up.  In terms of starting again the Phase III studies, one, we need to see the data first from the first trial of the total knee replacement. Both of the companies, of course, want to proceed as quickly as possible, and we certainly honor the excitement that is around there. And of course, these are a priority molecule that we need to move forward. So we will be able to initiate Phase III trials quite rapidly.  You very correctly said, both companies have the expertise in conducting these trials and with the prior experiences that we have, we will be able to initiate very quickly. But certainly looking forward to see the first data. I cannot share time lines yet because we have to obviously collaborate with Janssen to be able to define those. But as soon as those are available, those will be shared in due course as well.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Seamus, this is Giovanni. Let me just rapidly answer your question on business development. So first of all, I see that continuing to be the central pillar of our capital allocation strategy and continue to be focused on areas that are strategically aligned with our commercial presence and research efforts. Obviously, we'll continue to look at things that are scientifically exciting and compelling. And definitely, we will continue to be disciplined from a financial perspective.  There will always be a part of our business development strategy that will be about continuing to strengthen and complement our research pipeline and early-stage efforts. You've seen us doing a number of deals in that space last year. I do see that continuing because it's clearly our strategy. At the same time, I've been very clear, JPMorgan, in my presentation, as an example, that as we continue to assess later-stage opportunities, deals like the MyoKardia deal, given the right assets, the opportunity to generate value and the objective to continue to strengthen the growth outlook of the company in the second half of the decade, these are deals we're always going to be interested in.
Giovanni Caforio: Great. So David, I can take the second part of the question around deucravacritinib very quickly. In terms of the presentation of the data, we anticipate presenting the first of the two studies at [indiscernible] later this -- I think it's in the second quarter. It's -- I think, in April. And then the second one, we have to find the appropriate conference in the second half of the year so that we can share the data more broadly. So the investigators can share with the community.  Second, about the filing, we are working very diligently and it is a priority for us so we do anticipate filing quite rapidly. And of course, as soon as we have the PDUFA date, we will be broadly communicating that and sharing that information with you and others.  Third about the FDA panel, we obviously can't comment on that. We don't know that. We have to continue to have the dialogue with regulatory agencies and they will ultimately decide where they sit on this. So looking forward to that conversation with the health authorities.  And last point around the secondary endpoints. As we've said, we've met the primary endpoint and the secondary endpoints. We are very comfortable with the data that we've seen, showing the superiority not only against placebo, but also against OTEZLA. And we've looked at it from a PASI 75 perspective, [indiscernible] perspective, PASI 100 perspective. So we are very comfortable with the data that we've seen thus far from both primary and secondary endpoints.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Samit, and thanks, everyone. Let me just make a couple of comments. First of all, let me say, I am excited that 2020 was a really important year for us. It was a great year, the first year for us as a combined company. Our performance was strong during a challenging year with so many different points of view. And we've established a really strong foundation for our new company.  There is solid momentum in our business going into 2021, and that's reflected in our outlook for '21 and the guidance we provided today. We feel really good about the company that we're building, the way in which we are executing and delivering on the value drivers of the acquisition of Celgene. We see all significant opportunities for sustained long-term growth ahead and the acceleration of the renewal of our portfolio. And we look forward to continuing to update all of you as we make progress by continuing to remain focused on execution and advancing the many priorities we have as a company. I know the team will be available to answer any additional questions. And I'd like to thank you for participating in our call today. Thank you.
