Lamberto Andreotti: David, I will talk about the impact on our prices, but I will ask Beatrice to continue. For sure, what we said and others we have said, what we have seen in 2010, we expect in 2011 is a combination of negative actions by a huge number of countries all at the same time. While in the past, there was a couple of major countries and a few minor countries asking and the others were staying on their pricing patterns, what we see now is a combination of everything at the same time. So Beatrice is going to get your numbers.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. Your question is how much attention we are giving to all facilities, besides Manati. First of all, in Manati, we are taking very seriously, as I said, we are taking all the actions that we believe we need to take. We have hired one of the best consulting firm to support us in dealing with the changes we must implement there. And we feel very confident -- we are very respectful of the FDA request, and we feel very confident that we are meeting them. As far as the other manufacturing facilities, we do not anticipate any impact to any of our sites because the issues that were highlighted in one letter were very specific to Manati. But we take the matter very seriously, and we are reinspecting and reinforcing our activities and quality assurance activity also in the other -- GMP compliance is our key goal. And I feel confident how we are throughout our manufacturing network.
Lamberto Andreotti: Tim, let me go back on 2013 and beyond. Because obviously, as Charlie said, we are not going to update any guidance. But it is clear that our focus here, senior managers of this company, we are focusing a lot on how we are building the pipeline and the company in 2013 and beyond. Every time we have additional good clinical and regulatory news, we feel more confident about the future, but we are also aware that we must invest, continue to invest behind building the future. Hence, the decisions that we will make in 2011, on one hand, we have to deal with the headwinds that I mentioned before while answering John's question. And we will continue to use our skills and experience in productivity, but we are not going to sacrifice investments behind what we have in 2013. We feel very fortunate in this company for having a very strong and rich pipeline, and our priority again is to invest properly and adequately behind it.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. Well, thank you for your questions. Well, just a few closing remarks. First, as our results demonstrate, operationally, things are going well here at Bristol-Myers Squibb. And we are glad to confirm 2010 guidance despite the negative impact of U.S. healthcare reform and the pricing issues in Europe. Second, our new positive clinical data provide great momentum for our pipeline, and continued confidence in our longer-term strategic vision. I have just written a message to my executives of this morning, inviting them to take a minute to absorb all the good clinical news we have, enjoy that news and confirming to them that we will continue to invest in helping ensure the promising future that our pipeline will deliver. Third, our business development strategy, String of Pearls, remains a priority. We are pleased with our recent acquisition of ZymoGenetics, and we will continue to look for other transactions that complement our internal efforts to help patients today against serious disease. Well, thank you again for joining us today, and thank you for your attention.
Beatrice Cazala: Yes, we have looked now at all the key markets where we have a better idea of what could be '11 features. And we believe that in addition to the current labor pressure we have had in Europe, we probably will have an additional 1% to 2% incremental to historical level pressure once we have combined all various form of government measures and pricing and some time for impact of cost across the regions.
Beatrice Cazala: Yes, Jami. Overall market research and also discussion with patient, physician, from generalist to our European leaders, clearly emphasize the need for a product at least as efficacious as warfarin, but is easier to use in addition to safer to use. So what we see there is a strong role for more usage, and you see a number of patients that are not treated to date, not just the warfarin patients that can be switched, it's also all the patients that are not treated at all or were treated by aspirin previously. You see large discontinuation in those trials for aspirin, for warfarin. So we know very likely, we'll be coming served, but you may have surprise, you never know after November. Obviously, being served doesn't mean that untapped potentials, that is not room for you. We believe we have a large opportunity there. And our profile, as you probably heard, in ESC [European Society of Cardiology] was very well-received and is very encouraging in terms of having fully demonstrated versus aspirin our benefit/risk with a very good bleeding profile. So the BID question, which was a specific question, product size BID, we don't know what their profile is going to be from efficacy, safety. So it's also a population with multiple probabilities and they are taking drugs. They are taking several of those drugs and some of them are also BID. So we don't believe BID would be a -- it would really be a risk/benefit in the various population will be what drive our potential.
Beatrice Cazala: Yes, if you look at Europe, we have several phenomenon. One is basically through government measures, pricing pressure and also encouragement of generic prescription. So you see a shift of volume most generally. You see also some effect of the crisis in some of the market, like Spain, obviously, where you have high unemployment. So you see some volume pressure. For BMS per se, what to see is a shift of some large GP brand, like PLAVIX, where we lost the patent, to our specialty care innovative compound, where we have less volume but a mix of price volumes very differently. So in that overall situation, I think, look at the open situation, we feel that with the launch of specialty care as far as we have, we'll be able to protect with all the appropriate price volume relation that we have in excess, our growth potential on the specialty brand. So we feel comfortable that, that will help us. But you'll certainly see it declining to a little bit to the environment and also to our own portfolio evolution.
Beatrice Cazala: . On apixaban, when we looked at the market of patients that are not taking warfarin, some of them are patients that were treated by the specialist and then discontinuing because of side effects or because it's not fully monitored and they had to make trade-offs. So we feel that market segment is going to be accessible relatively quickly because it goes to the normal prescription of the specialist. The area where the patient are not treated at all and we certainly need to have a business model that links very closely the specialist and the general practitioner, and we are working on those aspects with all our teams around the world to understand how to build a model that captures those population quickly. That's why we are very encouraged by our overall data because actually, it clearly shows that they were thinking of fast appearing the product that is significantly superior in efficacy and safer in term of the usage. So we believe with that data, we will have a unique opportunity to accelerate the usage of A-fib. A-fib is very concerning the number of stroke and very severe and debilitating strokes. So the whole message for all the companies around the disease itself is going to help with that segment. So we feel confident that it may appear that it may be still worth to start it, that we have form the ways to generate prescription quickly.
Beatrice Cazala: . So if we now go to your question on the dapagliflozin and its potential, especially as it relates to DPP-4. The product profile is unique and we have a very differentiated model faction. The product will and is arching independently from insulin, providing a very different pathway to completing the diabetes patient treatment with additional benefit that we are concerning more and more in our clinical trials on the possible weight loss as well as possible blood pressure benefit. So when we look at the market, we believe that with the unmet need and the growth and the noise in the market and the education on diabetes and the large number of diabetic program across government around the world and the heightened awareness of what needs to be done, there will be a large potential for a category of that providing that available benefit. So when we compare DPP-4 and dapagliflozin sales, we believe this will be a full class on its own and we'll take a significant share, and there should not be too direct competition when you start segmenting the patient population.
Charles Bancroft: Yes, and I would just like to add because Beatrice is referring to 2010, in which we have historically had 2% to 2.5% and we budget that and we manage that, that's been typical as Lamberto mentioned. What we see now in the third quarter is roughly a 4% impact due to EU pricing pressures and on an annualized basis, we think it's 1% to 2% higher than our historical levels. And when we move forward into 2011, it's probably in the mid-single-digit range incremental to what we have in our historical levels.
Charles Bancroft: No, I would just add that we have a strong heritage of productivity. As you know, we had two programs in combination of $2.5 billion in overall productivity savings. We're not announcing additional wage, but we've done probably more importantly is embed a culture of continuous productivity in the entire business. And we still see that there are opportunities, but the opportunities are within procurement, selective integration through partnerships and further outsourcing. We continue to look at streamlining the organization, not just to reduce some level of expenses, but also to become a more focused and efficient organization. So we are keenly focused and will continue to be on cost management. But as Lamberto said and I said in my comments, we have to appropriately invest against our future assets. Your question on the share repurchase, we had $189 million in the quarter. We do a combination of 10b5-1 type of purchases as well as open-market purchases. We stopped some of the open-market purchases in the quarter because of the ZymoGenetics acquisition. We felt that it was inappropriate to continue those while we work in those negotiations.
Charles Bancroft: Tim, this is Charlie. On 2013 outlook, we did provide an update on our long-term guidance in July. And we would expect to update you again around the same time next year, as we do not plan on doing financial projections on a quarterly basis.
Charles Bancroft: This is Charlie. In regard to guidance, we did update the line item guidance, and you saw in our overall top line, which we're expecting to be roughly at the same level of growth that we had in Q3. On top of that, we have the U.S. healthcare reform and European pricing pressures also mounts a little bit further, a little bit more accelerated in the fourth quarter than what we've seen through Q3. And then also, the tax rate, which was particularly low in the third quarter due to the tax relief. We don't have that same like event in Q4, in addition to the acquisition of ZymoGenetics, which we have mentioned when we did the deal was roughly $0.03 dilutive to Bristol-Myers Squibb.
Elliott Sigal: David, with regard to the R&D questions, this is Elliott. On ipilimumab as you know, we are under a regulatory review both in the Europe and U.S. on our '20 study, which is in pretreated patients. And those reviews are progressing in patients that have not received treatments in metastatic melanoma. Our study '24 continues, it is event-driven. It is comparing, adding to standard of care dacarbazine versus dacarbazine alone. And we are estimating that we will have results in early '11. With regard to belatacept, we have answered the complete response, including the submission of the 36-month data. I'm encouraged by the data. I believe it supports the benefit/risk profile of belatacept, and we expect this data at the American Transplant Congress meeting in May of '11.
Elliott Sigal: Jami, this is Elliott. Let me just correct my statement that if the first-line study is event-driven, we have been continually projecting when we would have it. And I think it would be probably towards the end of the first quarter of '11. But the application in front of the agencies have to do with the benefit/risk around the second-line patients, and I think the data is robust with a survival benefit. And that is the data that we are engaged in discussing with the FDA and those regulatory authorities abroad. Let me just say that with regard to anticoagulants, in general, I think both Beatrice and I, representing the company, agree that this is a huge new opportunity. There will be different profiles of drugs out there. Our belief medically and commercially from the very beginning was that doctors and patients wanted a safer Coumadin, so to speak. The big unmet medical need is the less bleeding so that we can administer this drug to patients and achieve some benefit. We are struck by the large percentage of patients that go untreated, even though efficacy of Coumadin is known, and often offered aspirin, a less efficacious drug, because of the fear of the benefit/risk in the narrow therapeutic window of Coumadin. And hence, AVERROES was performed in patients that could not tolerate or could not take Coumadin. Based on that data that we presented to European Society of Congress, we think that, that stands on its own. We are in a fast-track procedure with a rolling submission and hope to complete that by the beginning of next year, sometime in '11 of the first quarter. Meanwhile, we await the profiles. We still see major opportunity. I'll let Beatrice comment further. And we are anxiously awaiting the ROCKET data --
Elliott Sigal: Tim, Elliott. With regard to apixaban, so here's the regulatory process and I would say that they're distinct. We decided, as we mentioned earlier, to take those very exciting data in an area of unmet medical need with a very important trial, 5,500 patients, and discuss with the FDA its fileability. And we have agreed and they have accepted the beginning of a rolling submission. That process looks like the following. The actual filing would occur when the last module takes place on AVERROES, and that we expect to happen within the first quarter of '11. We are submitting modules on a rolling basis, so that the individual division leaders can be prepared for that submission. The next decision point by the FDA is to complete that file. I have no indication that ARISTOTLE would be required. Although during the review, there's always a possibility that more information is needed. But our understanding is that this will be an AVERROES filing, and there will be a decision to be made upon filing of whether or not this is considered priority review. That's the process on AVERROES. And for now, I view them separate from ARISTOTLE.
Elliott Sigal: On apixaban, we have been experimenting with modified release. I don't have any data. I have not personally reviewed it. We will no doubt be describing it next year. We're pretty satisfied with how apixaban is targeting this particular area. So I don't have any update on the modified release. With regard to the gamma secretase program, I thought I had indicated that the Phase III might start early next year. Maybe at the beginning of the year, I got very optimistic. I would not signal that as a major concern other than we want to be very, very careful in this field. We are pioneers in this field. There is risk in this field with the new mechanism, but the unmet need is unbelievable and our company has to be in this area in some of our portfolio. We are still reviewing our Phase II data. And we are going to take another look at our Phase II data because one of the studies continues are early in the year. I will say that the compound that has gone before is non-selective, and I think a lot of the concerns they had was because of a lack of a therapeutic window. We had a non-selective compound maybe 10 years ago in the clinic. We spent a long time developing a more selective compound. We have a selective compound and hence, a possibility of a therapeutic window. That's not to say I know whether or not the beta amyloid hypothesis is going to work, but I do believe we'll have an ability to test it in Phase III and are making that decision next year.
Elliott Sigal: We have felt that the only way to tap this really large market is to really have data, and we have the only program that has the study. Nobody will be able to do a study comparing aspirin if apixaban is approved. That will not be something that people will ever be able to try. They will all have to do non-inferiority studies against apixaban. In this day and age, we value that information. We tested it with payers. And we see a great contribution and that's why I think we're getting fast-track status. Major bleeding, aspirin-like safety, measure-by-measure bleeding with Coumadin-like efficacy should be a powerful message. And Beatrice and I are working hard to prepare the market on that.
