Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Now turning to Slide 24, as I looked at what we are creating for the short and long term for 2025 and beyond, I feel really good. We’ve discussed in detail why the transaction makes financial sense. We talked about six near-term launches and as you know we’re also strengthening our early stage pipeline and platforms. This is a transaction that allows us to stay ahead of the curve and provide value for the long term. When I look ahead to the future, I feel very good about the position of the company. We will have a younger portfolio of market and medicines providing a more balanced payor mix, supporting a stronger reimbursement position for our medicines. These in an access and reimbursement environment that we believe will continue to evolve over the coming years. Our early pipeline will have mature giving us a diversified portfolio of late stage assets providing the next set of registrational opportunities. We’ll have a strong balance sheet with continued flexibility to invest in innovation. We would be in a strong position with a broad portfolio and deep pipeline and significant financial flexibility. I’m confidence in the company we are building and the opportunities ahead. Now, I'll turn it back to John to start the Q&A.
Giovanni Caforio: Seamus, thank you. This is Giovanni. I’ll start and then I’ll ask Chris to comment on the CAR-T question you had. There is no news with respect to the rest of our first line lung cancer program. We’re not commenting on interim analysis.
Giovanni Caforio: Tim, thank you. Let me just try to address both questions. To your first question, I hope that through many of the discussions we’ve had since the announcement and clearly today we been able to communicate a strong strategic rationale of the combination and the value it generates for shareholders and patients. So I -- my answer is we are creating a great company with complementary franchises of marketed products, an opportunity to launch six new products in the next 24 months and doubling the size of our early pipeline in therapeutic areas we know well. We’re really excited about the strategic and financial value of the transaction. With respect to your second question, my perspective is that as we’ve said many times we have multiple opportunities to play a role in lung cancer. I think we need to see the data readout to understand the data. And as you mentioned Study 1a, Part 2 and 9LA are all important components of our lung cancer program. We’ve communicated before our expectations with respect to the timing of those programs and there is really no change there. But more importantly as Charlie mentioned when we think about the Opdivo business this is a growing franchise. And you've seen on one of the slides we presented today, the breadth of opportunities that we have over the next few years with over 20 registrational trials ongoing. There are clearly a number of opportunities in lung cancer this year. We have an exciting and very broad adjuvant program to drive growth in the medium and the long term. And I would say that with any franchise the growth expectations in the short-term depend on the data readouts that are coming in the next few months and that's true for us as well. But my confidence is that this is a growing franchise with multiple opportunities for growth and this is what we've modeled as we thought about the total company.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. This is Giovanni. Let me just start answering your questions. So first all let me say that we’ve just reviewed in some detail with you some of the key drivers of value of the acquisition of Celgene and specifically with respect to the value of the pipeline assets. If you think about that and as we said in the past we see non-risk-adjusted sales at least for the six assets we discussed today at least $15 billion in sales and we are having good discussions with investors about the strength of the combined company, the key value divers, the opportunity for growth that these assets provide and then obviously the strengthening of the rest of the pipeline.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks. Let, let me. Sorry, Geoff, let me answer your first question. So as we’ve discussed bb2121 and other assets, our current forecast includes the lead indication, in that case obviously we see significant potential for further expansion into earlier lines of therapy.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks very much, David. Thank you. This is Giovanni. So let me just start. As Chris said earlier, we are very bullish on Eliquis. Performance is strong around the world and particularly in the U.S. there is strong momentum in the brand. It’s one of the key growth drivers for the company. So let me just reiterate we’re very bullish on the prospects for the asset, and Tom on data readouts.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you John and thanks everyone. So as we close let me just reiterate this was a very good quarter in which capped a really great year. Our performance was driven by strong commercial execution with good momentum in the business going into 2019. We’ve made important progress in our pipeline and we have demonstrated disciplined management of our P&L. And these will create a strong foundation as we enter into 2019. This will be an exciting next chapter for our company as we plan on the integration of Celgene and I’m confident we are creating value for BMS as shareholders. I’m excited about the prospects we had, we have as a leading scientific company, and I want to thank everyone for participating in the call. Thank you.
Charles Bancroft: Yes. Thanks. This is Charlie. In regard to your first part of your question, as I mentioned in my comments we have model dividend increases throughout the planning period always subject to Board approval of course. I don't want to comment on the payout ratio at this particular time because as you know we don't do it based on any one particular year. We look at it over the longer term, but needless to say, we did model increases.
Charles Bancroft: All right, Chris thanks for your questions. I think that we probably can get more too much more color on. I think as it relates to 2025 in particular regarding your question on split between Revlimid and non-Revlimid. We don't go that far out as we talk about [Indiscernible]. I think what you will see in the proxy, you will see the split between the two company sales and you can get a sort of a baseline there. As it relates to how we think about specifically Revlimid versus consensus. Again, I think this is more -- we did multiple scenarios and as I mentioned we did book-ins. There’s a number of scenarios in between. There’s a number of other things that still have to play out both at the District Court level and at that the patent office level, so for us to get into declare at this point I think is premature. What’s important to me, Chris is that, if you look at this slide and if you think about the way we think about the company between now and 2025 we have rapidly growing businesses driven by many of our inline franchises. The opportunity to launch six products in the next two years and a pipeline that will continue to advance and will generate incremental launch opportunities between now and 2025. And then when I think about 2025, we will have not only a business that will have grown, but also we will have a much more diversified company, a significantly higher number of opportunities across multiple diseases to derive the growth of the company in the second half of the decade. So, I think beyond the contribution on the individual components the breath of growth opportunities across different parts of this growth period is what's really complementary and exciting about the new company.
Charles Bancroft: Jason, thank you for your question about renal cell. So, couple of things about renal cell. First, we are extremely happy that Opdivo, Yervoy has become the Standard of Care in many settings in the United States. And also very happy that just recently we received our full approval in Europe as well. So we look at that is a great endorsement of the value this combination provides. We look forward to updating survival as we always do with the most recent database lock and we continue to update that data. Now, when I think about this combination, as you point out, I think about something which could be distinguished and again we haven't seen all the data from our competitors yet, but could be distinguished on durability of response. And I think that’s one most important thing to keep in mind that durability of response can play a very important role. And so we look forward to seeing that data emerge and the comparative data sets emerge over time. But also remember that one of the other key things is we also believe that there may be a role for TKIs with IO and we have our study 9ER which will be reading out with Cabo and Opdivo as well looking at that, and that’s a little bit later in the timeframe, later this year. But we look forward to being able to play a role both in across the spectrum of patients with renal cell carcinoma.
Charles Bancroft: So, two questions, Williams – Matt, thank you, couple of questions – couple of answers. First is, I do think that PD-1 treatment in second-line makes a big difference and provides great benefit for patients. We've shown that and have led in that area of second-line lung cancer. So I do believe that that can obscure the ability to look at potential survival differences. I think you also to remember that the group of patients who are most likely to develop the most impressive responses are those patients who are high TMB. So -- and I think that true in second-line as well as we show the study 026. So I think that's really important. The second part of your question regarding if 1a is positive how would we approach that from a regulatory standpoint? Giovanni made that really clear earlier when he said, you really have to see where the data takes us. So we have to look at the data, see what the data shows us. As you know we have not seen survival data from Part 1 of the study. So, we need to be able to look at that, to be able determine what’s the best way to determine the patients who get the most benefit and importantly the largest group of patients that we can benefit as well in this setting. So again, really hard to comment on what the regulatory path would be until we see these data sets. I think as Giovanni said, we’ve got three important data sets maturing in the next three to 12 months and we’re going to need to look at the group of them to be able to make the most important strategic decisions from a regulatory standpoint.
Charles Bancroft: Yes. Steve, just a couple things and maybe to remind you of one, I would call it maybe one-off item related to our 2019 guidance. So we announced in December the sale of our book of business that we expect to close in April of 2019 that has about 480 million of full-year sales in 2018 and we already indicated that’s $0.04 diluted to us on 2019 basis. We also announced our pension derisking back in November of last year and that shows up in other income, but that's also $0.05 diluted to us in 2019. And then we’ve talked about before that Sanofi alliance income ended in 2018.
Charles Bancroft: Vamil, just to add from an R&D standpoint, I just want to share, it’s obviously very hard for you or for anyone to model the particular value of a pipeline assets that’s very early, but I can tell you the enthusiasm that our group at BMS had, if we look at the depth and strength of what Celgene has in their pipeline particular around the concept of protein homeostasis. Chris mentioned earlier the incredible technology that’s been developed in cell therapies that we can – we’ll make a difference. And overall, when I look at this company, I see a company that’s done for myeloma. What we have done for renal cell and melanoma. They’ve absolutely transformed the disease by understanding the biology and by developing treatments, which exploit the fundamental biologic differences, and so there I think you see a lot of similarities between these two companies.
Christopher Boerner: Thank you, Alex. Regarding the product formulation, from an R&D standpoint we think it's very important to be able to create products that can be used in a variety of settings. And our relationship with Halozyme as you point out we think offers a very important opportunity for Opdivo, Opdivo, Yervoy and up to six to eight additional IO targets to be looked at in formulations that could be given subcutaneously. We think in many markets around the world and many places in the United States the ability to give a subcutaneous treatment with an IO agent or IO combination even offers a very distinct advantage. So we think that there's a lot of promise there. The implications of that on the IP, I think we have to defer that, to see how that topic evolves with time.
Christopher Boerner: Yes. So, thanks for the question, Seamus. Let me talk a little bit about how we see CAR-T evolving and the important role that the two agents we talked about will play in terms of potentially expanding the opportunity for CAR-Ts generally. You’re absolutely correct that existing CAR-T therapies have struggled a bit both with respect to logistics in the hospital as well as with respect to access in large part because of the profile of these drugs. As you know existing CAR-Ts are administered in the hospital setting. Today patients must remain in the hospital often in the ICU for treatment as well as monitoring. And one of the things that we find really exciting about particularly an asset like liso-cell is that with no significant Grade 3, 4 toxicities with the CRS rate that significantly lower than both KYMRIAH and YESCARTA around 1%, patients could potentially be monitored in the outpatient setting, and that actually bridges to your question about access. Because these patients have had to be managed in the inpatient setting the cost associated with CAR-T therapy has been very substantial above and beyond the list price of the drugs. You’ve seen some improvements in access and reimbursement for these agents over time. About two-thirds of commercial patients payers are now have put in place policies that cover these therapies. That said, anything you could do to potentially move these agents into an outpatient setting would do a number of things. Would bring the overall cost of these therapies down, it would increase the value of these assets. And importantly as I mentioned in the prepared remarks it would be an opportunity to expand the physician base who are using these agents outside of a large academic centers to potentially community centers and then ultimately expand the patient pool considered eligible for these therapies, and that's a potentially important opportunity that we see with the differentiated profile particularly of liso-cell.
Christopher Boerner: Yes. I would just on the Revlimid settlement with generic filers. I think it would be inappropriate about how we are thinking about that other than for Celgene in particular. I would say that we do have consultant sort of perspective or overview with the process with Celgene and the generic filers
Christopher Boerner: Yes. Thanks Steve. Thanks for the question. So overall sales for Opdivo were quite strong ending the year, while we grew sales outside of the U.S. as you point out and that sales were relatively flat in the U.S., Q3 to Q4. There were couple of unique factors that affected the quarter. First, we had an inventory build in the government channel in Q3 that had to be worked down in Q4. And second we had slightly higher sales in PHS and Medicaid which had a modest impact on gross to net. Those two things notwithstanding, we did actually see demand growth of about 3% for the quarter that was just offset by these other factors. But if you step back from the quarter we actually ended 2018 very much in line with expectations. In the U.S. second-line lung share is holding around 30%. We continue to see the percentage of IO eligible patients decrease, but that's very much in line with what we expected and where we expected to be at the end of the year. We’re holding leading shares in first-line metastatic melanoma as well as in second-line renal cell. And as we look forward we still see growth opportunities albeit more modest in the U.S. coming from adjuvant melanoma as well as first-line renal cell. You’ll recall that we drove rapid uptake in the U.S. in these indications in 2018. We still however see opportunities to continue to grow in first-line renal particularly in intermediate and poorest patients. We've got a great story to tell there in terms of the strength of our OS and as Tom mentioned on the previous call the durability of the data that we’re seeing there. And we’re also benefit from full-year sales in adjuvant melanoma in the U.S. and of course outside of the U.S. we’re still very much in the early stages of the launch of both of those indications. So if you added up we see a good opportunity for growth in 2019 and good momentum globally coming out of 2018.
Christopher Boerner: Chris, let me let me touch on Eliquis. So a few points [indiscernible]. Thanks for the question. So first, we’re still very bullish on the business with Eliquis, both in the U.S. and ex-U.S. We grew sales in the fourth quarter 27%. We saw TRx volume was up 36%. In the U.S. we extended our leadership position as the number one OAC across all specialties of indications, and we still have room to grow in the U.S. Outside of the U.S. we’ve seen strength in a number of key markets, notably the U.K. and France. And in fact in France, we became the number one OAC in the fourth quarter. So the base business and the fundamentals look really good across the board. We did see an impact on higher rebates in the U.S. in the fourth quarter, and in Q3 rebates were around 185 million. They increased to 278 million in the fourth quarter. There were two things really driving that. There was a onetime true up of 36 million, but as you point out, we do have a higher volume of patients running through Part D channels and those are highly discounted channels. As we take those dynamics and look forward, I think there are a few dynamics that you need to take into account with Eliquis. First, the donut hole rebate is increasing from 50% to 70% that’s going to put price pressure on that price. Second, we have a differentiated profile and as a result of that, we’ve strengthened our access position in Part D, that is going to lead to higher gross to nets over time. And then importantly, we have significantly increased the volume going to Eliquis. We did that in 2018 based on the strength of the business. We have every expectation to believe that we’ll continue to grow this business in 2019. And that will drive more volume through highly discounted segments, and thus increasing gross to net. What I will say, is in spite of these drags on net price, our expectation is that we’ll continue to grow net sales. And that’s a result of having a differentiated product, good underlying strength in the business in the U.S. and ex-U.S. and frankly the quality of the commercial execution that we’ve seen on this brand.
Christopher Boerner: And Geoff, just to come in on the first line lung application obviously we want the speed-to-market is important. I think you’re right, or and bring up a very good point that we want to see what the data shows us, and that will really determine how we proceed from a regulatory standpoint. And you know, I just want to emphasize that part 1 A, part 2 and 9 LA are three distinct separate studies. And it may be that we get a very strong signal from one of them, that allows us to proceed with a regulatory filing. So I think we’ll have to take that and follow the data as you point out.
Thomas Lynch: Thank you, Giovanni. Umer, I think just to give you little more emphasis there. I mean, obviously I don’t know what the FDA thinking. I can tell you what I’m thinking about TMB. And I feel that TMB will continue to be important. I think the broad genomic profiling will continue to be important in the way we approach patients with cancer. I just think its early days in trying to understand that. I think if you look at the totality of data, data from us, data that just published last week from Memorial and from Merck. Data from Roche, data from AstraZeneca, whether you’re looking up blood, whether you're looking at tumor, what you see consistently is TMB is a marker for response often for PFS and we don't yet have evidence or data that’s as confirmatory around survival, much of that I would argue is around the way these studies have been designed, data collection and I think it remains a very important part of how we move forward. I want to make one important comment about 227. As you know we believe it's very important to understand the interplay of the various different biomarkers of PDL-1 and of TMB and how they may work together. We know that TMB predicts for PFX benefit in patients who are high TMB with Opdivo, Yervoy compared to chemotherapy, but as you mentioned we also found evidence that the survival trends were very similar whether you were TMB high, TMB low, and to really further understand what that means to be able to give guidance to treating physicians, I think you really do need to see the totality of survival data which will be available hopefully recently shortly with when 1a comes out. One comment just to finish on the timing of data release. As you know these are inherently event driven phenomena and it’s very difficult to be able to predict with exact precision when the events will occur that will trigger the ability to readout. And again, both these studies are slightly prolonged, but again we have to wait for the events to occur and as soon as they occur we will analyze the data.
Thomas Lynch: And Steve just to answer quickly your question about 227 versus 189, except for the obvious difference which you would note about histology is being different that 227 was [Indiscernible] and 189 was a non-squamous. And except for the fact that the 189 control arm performed particularly less well than some of the other control arms that we've been seeing from both our studies and competitors trials, I think it’s really difficult to make those comparisons. I think we have to really see – until we see what our data 227 look like both from Part 1 and Part 2 of those trials and to see how they emerge.
Thomas Lynch: And Dave, a couple of things on data readouts. First, when you think about what we have in the established products looking up David, we’ve talked in detail about lung cancer. We do know that we’ve got data reading out this year in Hepatoma and possibly some data and mesothelioma and head neck later in the year. You specifically asked about novel compounds, so and I think that’s an area of great excitement from ours -- from our standpoint. First, we hope to have some data later this year with our lag 3 compound to get a better sense of how this unique molecule that approaches that concept of lymphocytes exhaustion might be able to play a role in cancer. The second is you’ll see more evolution of data with our combination between OPDIVO and Nektar as the year progresses. We’re very excited about the potential for this combination to be able to improve outcome and provide a unique therapeutic opportunity for patients. And then again, CTLA-4 is a really really important compound and its important target. And so the two compounds that we’re excited about are the pro body that we’re doing with CytomX as well as the both of which are moving through phase I this year. In fact this year, we hope to advance a product compound close which would be the pro body of the non-fee cost related formulation. So again, combining those two technologies looks particularly exciting. So a number of important early signals, I would say from some of our novel I-O agents, and then of course we talked earlier and you saw the slide, slide 15 in the deck which looks at the timing of some of the established readouts which we look forward to in the next 12 to 24 months.
