Chris Boerner: Thanks Jeff, I’ll start. In spite of a lot of the progress, when you look at IO, there are still opportunities we know to improve patient experience and address the treatment burden that exists with these assets, and that’s really where sub-cu comes into play. And we’re very pleased with the data that we’ve seen with 67T. The data are compelling in our view, and we look forward to after we finish the review presenting those at an upcoming conference and obviously engaging with regulators. The way we’ve thought about the sub-cu program consistently is that this would address specific patient needs, as well as the opportunity to address those centers were, for example, chair time is at a premium, and that’s still where we think this will go.  We think that these indications will represent somewhere between 65% and 75% of the Opdivo business as it sits today, and with focused effort we think we can convert roughly about 50% of the overall business over time, and so that’s really how we’re thinking about it. And if we’re successful in doing that, we think this has the potential to extend the franchise into the early 2030s.
Chris Boerner: Sure Steve, let me take that, and then David can provide additional color. The timing of the shift is really driven by the fact that in the short term, we have seen additional trends mainly around Abecma that have required that we change our short term guidance, and that’s giving the guidance for the new product portfolio for this year. Now as we’ve said, we expect that portfolio to be roughly $3.5 billion this year, and that is slightly less than what we had anticipated when we began this year. As a result of that change and what we’re seeing with the new product portfolio, the dynamics of which I described in the prepared remarks, we made the decision that we wanted to update the ’25 guidance as we anticipated that would be a question that would come out on this call, and so that’s why we made the decision to change the 2025 guidance. Then of course, as we get into next year, we’ll provide additional color as to how we expect 2024 to proceed. That was really the motivation for the timing of why we decided to make the changes in guidance today.
Chris Boerner: Sure Terence, let me start and then I’ll ask Adam to provide some specifics really around the products where we think we’re going to need to have either a reboot or where we are moving to accelerate. I think the way I characterized it in the opening remarks is right - we have a number of products which are either hitting or exceeding our expectations. Certainly Opdualag, Reblozyl is performing very, very well. Breyanzi, as David alluded to, we saw good performance in the quarter, but importantly, we’re seeing very strong manufacturing performance and we anticipate both supply and the quality of manufacturing for that product to improve, and given the profile of the drug, we have every expectation that’s going to continue to perform very well as we get into 2024, so those products, we feel very good about. For Sotyktu and Camzyos, the dynamics are the products are just taking a bit longer and the trajectory for those products requires that we think about the time to peak being shifted back. What’s important, and Adam can speak to this, is the fundamentals for both of those products continued to be very, very strong. We’ve got good, strong share for Sotyktu, we anticipate given the quality of that data and what we’re seeing from customers, this will become the oral standard of choice, which is remember what the objective was when we launched the product. For Camzyos, every metric across this product, whether it relates to how physicians see the product and how patients see the product, remains very strong. The dynamics in the cardiovascular market are such that that’s just simply going to take a bit longer. I’ll have Adam speak to any additional color on those two product, but mainly focused on Abecma and on Zeposia. 
Chris Boerner: Tim, let me start and I’ll ask Adam to comment on how we’re seeing performance trends overall. But what I would say is, look - I would go back to how I characterized the new product portfolio at the beginning. We’ve launched nine new products over the last two and a half years, and it’s a portfolio of products, and we are seeing some products perform at or better than expected. I think when you factor in some of the early manufacturing constraints that we had, I look at a product like Breyanzi, the best-in-class profile of that product has considerable opportunity to meet or exceed expectations.  Look, I think we knew the competitive dynamics around Abecma coming into this launch. I fully expect that the team is going to get that product back on track as it relates to competition from other BCMA targeted agents, but in the long run, that product will continue to be a competitive product for us. Then certainly as we look at the opportunity for a product like Camzyos and a product like Sotyktu, we think the long-term potential still remains on track, and possibly for a product like Camzyos, in excess of what we had anticipated. Then as you would expect in any portfolio product, there are a couple of products where performance is lagging - we’ve highlighted what those are, but maybe I’ll ask Adam to comment on any additional underlying dynamics he wants to speak to.
Chris Boerner: Tim, just to close it out, we have said that that product portfolio had $25 billion-plus potential. Where we sit today, we still see that potential - at least $25 billion as we get to the end of this decade.
Chris Boerner: Sure, let me take that one. As we’ve said consistently, business development remains the top priority for capital allocation at the company. What I would say is at a macro level, the way we think about business development is somewhat consistent with the way we’ve always thought about, which is we are going to be looking for deals that are scientifically interesting and related to things that we know well, that are going to be strategically relevant for the company and, of course, they have to be financially sound. The one thing that I would add is that we are going to index more heavily on those deals that enhance the growth profile of the company - that’s an area that we remain fixated on as a management team, and so I think that’s going to factor into how we think about business development going forward. We’re going to see areas, of course, that enhance the portfolio or help us to continue to give us capabilities or products that we don’t have today.  I think in some ways, that’s how you can think about Mirati. Mirati continues to diversify our oncology business away [indiscernible] towards targeted therapies. We’re very excited about that opportunity, but I think generally speaking the way we approach business development will be largely consistent again, that we’ll be focusing on great science that can enhance the growth profile of the company.
Chris Boerner: Maybe I’ll close, so first, thank you all for joining the call. I know it’s a very busy day. What I would just say to summarize where we are is, look, this team continues to be fixated on driving the growth profile of the company. How we go about doing that is, as we’ve discussed on the call, we’re going to continue to drive in-line product performance. The new product portfolio, we have continued very strong conviction in the long-term potential of this portfolio. Our focus is going to be continuing to drive where we have momentum today and accelerate those products where we need to accelerate, and that focus on execution transcends across the entire portfolio, including continuing to drive execution in R&D and continuing to find and source really attractive assets externally.  With that, we’ll close the call, and as always, the team is available to answer any questions following today’s discussion. Hope you all have a good day and rest of the week.
David Elkins: Thanks for the question. So the long-term guidance for the new product portfolio does not include anything related to -- from a Mirati sales perspective. If you do recall, we did say the dilution next year related to Mirati is about $0.35. As it relates to the margin, that does factor in how we view our margin going forward. If you recall previously, our mid-term guidance is margins above 40%, but we continue to see opportunity to invest in our launch portfolio and invest behind products like Camzyos and Sotyktu, as well as our cell therapies, but also we continue to see opportunities in our portfolio. As you know, we had multiple read-outs this quarter, LPA being one of those, as well as additional indications for Opdivo, and we have first line Commands. But as we step back and what we shared at R&D Day, we see opportunities to continue to accelerate in our R&D pipeline. So that’s why we revised our guidance to incorporate the dilution from Mirati but as well as the investments that we’re making in the new product portfolio and the R&D portfolio. 
David Elkins: Yes, thanks, Seamus, for the question. And the 37% guidance is a floor that we’ve provided as we look forward to that midterm period, which is 2025. We haven’t provided guidance yet. We’ll do that on the fourth quarter earnings call as it relates to 2024, which I think is what your question is getting after.  I’d say the one thing to think about is, one, we’ve talked about Revlimid in the past and we’ve said, we’ve revised Revlimid’s guidance this year from $5.5 billion to $6 billion, and we still see next year stepping down to about that $4 billion, and then we’ll update you on all the other line items when we do our fourth quarter earnings as far as profitability next year. But you should think about the operating margin as a floor as we look forward through ’25. 
David Elkins: Thanks David. Just as a reminder, as far as--the only change that we made was from the new product portfolio going to ’26. We’re not providing line item guidance for the other line items, but what I would like to do is just remind you there’s really no change to that in-line portfolio going from 2010 to 2025 at $8 billion to $10 billion. We feel very confident in that, and I think the double-digit growth you saw in Opdivo year-to-date demonstrates our continued confidence there. The only change that we’ve made in relation to the guidance was in that new product portfolio out to ’26.  As it relates to the LOE, again we increased the guidance this year for Revlimid from 5.5 to 6, and as we’ve said on the second quarter, there’s really no change to how we’re looking at it, which is pretty consistent with where consensus is for ’24 and ’25, dropping down to about $4 billion next year and $2 billion in ’25.  Remember - by the time we finish this year, Revlimid will be beyond 60% of the erosion of that product, and a significant portion of our growth going forward is going to be represented by that in-line and new product portfolio. LOEs in 2025 will be less than 10% of our total revenue, so we’ll have a much younger portfolio by the time we get to ’25 and that will set us up well for ’26. That’s where we stand today.
Adam Lenkowsky: Chris, thank you for the question. First, I want to say we’re very pleased with the performance of Sotyktu. Our goal remains to be the standard of care in the oral market. In fact, as you heard, we have achieved now a 40% share of newly written prescriptions and we’re the third most newly prescribed systemic therapy, and we’ve done that in a little over a year post launch. Now as you have stated, our focus really is around accelerating access, and we anticipate achieving broader access in 2024 and continuing in 2025. Remember, today Sotyktu is not covered on approximately 80% of lives in the United States, and so we expect to see significant improvements coming next year. We’re in the throes of negotiations with the PBMs, so we would expect to see a marked improvement in 2024 and that could continue into 2025, where we would expect to have very broad access across the other two PBMs. We’re very confident in our ability to achieve that.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, thanks Chris, and thanks Terence for the question. Let me just add a little bit more color. As you heard, we have said that we’re seeing continued impact from additional BCMA agents pressuring Abecma growth, and so our teams are focused on, number one, expanding our site footprint both in the U.S. and internationally. We’re differentiating and contextualizing Abecma real-world data for physicians, which really look very similar and consistent with our clinical trials, and we’re educating on sequencing and some of the emerging data that the use of self-therapy ahead of bi-specifics is ultimately better for patient outcomes. We’re also very pleased with the progress we made on manufacturing around our predictability and low out-of-spec rates, so that’s what we’re really doing around Abecma. As it relates to Zeposia, as Chris mentioned, and then I’ll shift to the others, we continue to see quarterly demand growth. MS is really driving that growth, and so we’ve made a lot of progress on the MS front even in a declining oral market in favor of B-cell, and so we continue to expect growth in the MS market. Now, we have certainly an opportunity for continued growth in UC. We’re making progress, but our access challenges there, they remain, and we’re working to improve our access position. But we’re also seeing progress in Zeposia in the first line setting post ASA as physicians are identifying Zeposia really as a good treatment option based on its efficacy and safety profile, so we’re focusing there on expanding breadth of prescribing and continuing to really drive adoption across a broader use of physicians. For those reasons, we do expect to see continued growth and uptake for Zeposia. Now as it relates to Camzyos and Sotyktu, as Chris opened, he talked about the importance of those two products and really not a matter of if, but a matter of when, and that’s why we made that decision. For Camzyos, we are pleased with the uptake there. The focus on Camzyos remains to continue to increase our breadth in our COEs, go outside of the COEs to the non-centers of excellence to expand utilization. We’re seeing doctors are much more comfortable in using, and the patient response has also been very, very strong there, and continuing to bring patients out of the hub. Remember, these patients are going to be on treatment for a very long time. Then finally, again I’ll just close on Sotyktu, I mentioned some of the key areas that we’re focused on around access, and David talked about pulling through those patients through the hub, but we also continue to drive breadth of prescribers, where we’re making really meaningful progress and reinforcing our superior efficacy profile compared to Otezla. 
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, thanks Evan for the question. We’re very confident in Krazati’s significant commercial opportunity as we believe this is a best-in-class KRAS G12C. The real opportunity for Krazati is in the first line setting, in lung cancer, and so we have--you know, Mirati has started their Phase III study in combination with PD1. We’ll also see data around the triplet, so PD1-chemo-KRAS. I think that’s another significant advantage of Krazati, where it can combine with multiple agents, including PD1. We’ll obviously need data to understand the potential of that opportunity, but Evan, we think this could bring significantly greater upside to this opportunity. Then also, we’re very excited about the other assets that Mirati has - PRMT5, KRAS G12D, and the SOS1 inhibitor which we think also are showing very promising early efficacy. Taken together, we do believe that this is a really exciting deal for the company and will be a strong catalyst of growth in the back end of this decade.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes Carter, I’ll just expand on that just a little bit. We mentioned two things in last quarter’s earnings, remember - number one, the S12 maintenance that occurred in June would dampen Q3 sales, and we’re seeing that happen; however, we are also seeing a continued impact from additional BCMA targeted agents, so we knew this was going to be a highly competitive market, putting pressure on growth, and I talked about what we’re doing to really stabilize that business and return it to growth. Clearly, a KarMMA-3 approval would move Abecma into earlier lines of treatment and be a catalyst to return Abecma to growth by opening up a significant larger patient pool; but as Sarnit said, obviously we have to wait to see that approval come.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes Andrew, thanks for the question. Conversion is going as we expected. We are focused on pulling through the early access win for Sotyktu at CVS and shifting those patients to commercial product from bridge. As I said last time on the call, it takes about two to three months for patients to move from bridge to commercial, and we have started to see that conversion happening towards the end of Q3. We believe the majority of CVS patients will be coming out of the hub by Q4 and start to see some benefit towards the tail end of Q4 and into Q1. We’re also seeing new patients on CVS move very quickly into commercial product, so that’s also helping to accelerate performance.  I talked earlier that coupled with broader formulary access in January of 2024, we’re confident that will be a strong accelerator of growth for Sotyktu in 2024 and beyond.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, thanks for the question. I think when we look at the totality of the portfolio, we obviously see some products that are ahead where we projected them to be at peak, and some are tracking behind, but taken together, we don’t see any changes in what we had discussed, which was on a non-risk adjusted basis that the new product portfolio could exceed that objective by 2030. Chris talked about some of the pushes and pulls. I would just add Reblozyl is certainly a product that we’re seeing that is tracking at or even ahead of expectations with the Commands label. Camzyos, we also see that tracking ahead in the longer term. Yes, it’s taking slower than we initially guided to, but it’s tracking very similar to a very, very strong cardiovascular launch, and so we expect that adoption to continue with sustained growth into the near term. Chris mentioned Breyanzi - you know, Breyanzi has been seeing--has the best-in-class self-therapy agent, and coming into next year, we’re going to be in a much better supply position and that is going to help accelerate and catalyze that product, and also Sotyktu as well, because if you think about Sotyktu, once we are able to secure access early next year, we’ll see accelerations in PSO but we also have important data read-outs, as you know, coming in PSA and in SLE, or lupus, which will contribute to having Sotyktu exceed potentially our expectations in the back end of the decade.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes Mohit, thanks for the question. I’ll take that one. As I said, we are working to improve significantly our formulary access in 2024, and as I said, we have approximately 80% of lives today that are not covered on Sotyktu. We expect that to change dramatically as we move into next year; however, when you look at where we will likely be in 2024, we will likely have the majority of our business in either zero or one step edit position. When we’re talking to PBMs, and the reason why we’re talking a little bit about 2025, PBMs are really thinking about different ways to manage the PSO class, as well as the broader immunology class, with now more and more bio-similiar Humira coming into the market, and so those decisions have not yet been finalized for 2025. But as I stated, we’re very confident that we will see a significantly broader access position next year, so we’ll go from non-covered to being covered, which will be a really nice growth opportunity for Sotyktu as we move into early next year.
Adam Lenkowsky: Sure Sean, I’ll take that question. We’re very pleased with what we’re seeing in the launch of Camzyos. We continue to see week-over-week consistency in patient starts and rapid conversion of patients from the hub to commercial. As we’ve all said, we would expect to see steady, consistent and sustained uptake for this product into the distant future. We don’t expect an inflection but rather an accumulation of patients coming onto treatment and staying on treatment for a very long period of time. Right now, we’ve got 5,000 patients in the hub and approximately 3,500 patients on commercial product, so that coupled with patient and physician feedback, which continues to be very strong, we’re focusing on driving penetration at our top centers where we have 90% adoption in our top 100 centers, and expanding use outside of those COEs. We’re also focused on increasing diagnosis rates by activating patients, and as you know, we recently received approval internationally as well in Europe, so that will also be a contributor to growth. Taken together, we’re very confident this will lead to continued and sustained growth of this important product. 
