Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks Vamil. I would add a couple of things to Giovanni's comments. Specifically in the lung area, we have been very pleased. As you know, we saw rapid uptake in squamous after availability of the 017 data and subsequent approval. And we have seen similar uptake now in non-squamous, where we are about 60% new patient share in second line. That profile is a very competitive profile for Opdivo. We have two strong indications that overall survival benefit and continue to see very strong receptive from oncologists because of the lack of a requirement to test for PD-L1 status in lung. Now with the release of other data from our competitors, namely the 010 study, we continue to feel that that competitiveness in second line will continue. Given the fact that we have been able to establish superiority in squamous and non-squamous separately in all-comer populations and have a resulting indication for both histologies that reflects that, we feel really good. We haven't really seen a deterioration in our new to patient share with the advent of the 010 data set. I think you also asked about head and neck. We see the opportunity in head and neck as really exciting. Obviously, when we see the actual full data set, we will know more about what to expect. But what I would say is, this is a high unmet medical need area and is one where Opdivo in second line represents a significant opportunity. That being said, it is a smaller tumor type. It is second line is between 5,000 and 10,000 treatable patients in the U.S., a little higher than that in Europe.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thank you, Giovanni. The profile, as I mentioned, in lung for Opdivo in both squamous and non-squamous has shown to be very competitive in second line and we are seeing strong shares. We expect that that will continue. In melanoma, the Yervoy plus Opdivo regimen is getting about 20% of new patients in first line. It's early days and we have a newly expanded label to include all patients regardless of BRAF status and so we hope that that will continue to evolve in the U.S. Now go back to comments that Charlie made ex-U.S. for Yervoy specifically, where we don't have a regimen indication nor do we have an adjuvant indication, we would expect to see Yervoy continue to feel the pressure of the advent of first line new patient share of Opdivo and Keytruda across Europe. So expect Yervoy to have some pressure going forward ex-U.S. When it comes to renal cell carcinoma, the most recent approval for Opdivo, we are very happy and are seeing a rapid uptake like we saw in melanoma and in lung where we see roughly 50% new patient share. Now these percentages move around. They are from very small data sets. We use them as directional and we use them to estimate how rapidly behavior is changing in the market. Ex-U.S., we are very happy with reimbursement evolution and we are seeing reimbursement authorities across Europe move quickly with us to find appropriate reimbursement for patients across Europe and we feel very good with the broad label that we have in Europe that includes both first line melanoma for Opdivo and squamous non-small cell lung cancer, we feel very good about our ability to negotiate good access for European patients.
Murdo Gordon: And Seamus, with regard to your question of how do we transition from a leadership position that we will maintain and continue to grow in second line with the evolution of data sets in first line. I would say, first off, we have to look at the reasons why we are being successful in second line beyond perhaps testing or not testing. We have a very strong commercial and medical organization worldwide. We are seeing very rapid uptake across the board in the U.S. We are seeing it in Germany. We are actually it seeing in France as well. It's just not translating into revenue recognition there because it's in the ATU. We have a high degree of readiness in Japan. But really, we have got clarity on our dosing. We have a strong customer centric organization, a breadth of indications beyond lung and a very strong clinical development program. One thing to keep in mind is, what we are seeing in the lung market is there is a slow moving but growing evolution of testing, particularly in first line. So testing in second line is a difficult proposition, as you know, because of ability to re-biopsy or assess tissue, but we are seeing first line testing in the range of about 60%. And we are very, very focused on ensuring that the Opdivo biomarker PD-L1 test is available everywhere we want to market the products. So we think we will be in really good shape for a PD-L1 selected population in first line and I think we will have all the necessary commercial and medical capabilities for that period in time.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, that was going to be my first comment. It's really early and it's difficult right now to so any kind of segmentation on the initial uptake that we have. We are very pleased with the uptake in the U.S. We are seeing nice trends. We are seeing good coverage in execution from the commercial organization and the medical organization being able to reach all key customers. The team that is working on the promotion and education of physicians on Empliciti has been the team that had successfully driven Sprycel over the last few years. So this is a team that can execute very effectively. But it really is early to tell whether we are getting through relapsed refractory patients in second line or beyond. We will continue to monitor that going forward .But the early feedback, very positive.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thank you very much, Chris, for the question. It's Murdo. Just I will go through Eliquis very quickly, but we are seeing strength in Eliquis across all major markets. Performance in Japan, U.S. and across Europe has been very strong. As was mentioned, we now lead in new to brand prescriptions in cardiology which we see as a leading indicator for the entire market across 12 markets. And we are seeing really, really strong demand in all of the major markets in our stroke prevention atrial fibrillation indications. And we have more recently launched the VTE treatment indication across Europe and in Japan. So we will see hopefully some continued accelerations of that. You alluded to the donut hole effect in Q3. We did see somewhat less coverage gap impact in Q4 in the U.S. but we did nonetheless some of that in Q3. So we are very optimistic that we will continue to see strong evolution in Eliquis and along with our Pfizer partners, we feel really good about being able to drive Eliquis to become the number one NOAC, as Giovanni mentioned earlier in the call. With respect to your question on Opdivo and DOT, duration of therapy in lung, really this is a very difficult number to get at so early after launch. It seems like longer, but we have only really been in the market in lung since March of last year. And you really need 24 months to have a 12-month look back to get to an accurate duration of therapy. So it's still difficult to elucidate that. So we don't a good number for you there. And then you also asked about, are we seeing physicians persist when there is evident progression. I wouldn't have a good answer for you there, but we are seeing in the case of patients who are high expressers and the status is known, I would think that persistence there would be more likely than in low expressers.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thank you. And question regarding mix, I mean we were really only generating significant revenue in lung and melanoma in the fourth quarter. We had about three weeks, four weeks of renal cells and really the very beginning of the uptake. So it's a two-third, one third split lung, melanoma for fourth quarter last year. Obviously that will evolve. We feel really good about the early penetration in renal reaching, as I said, in the early part of this month about 50% new patient penetration. So really what we are seeing are very similar uptake curves across all of the solid tumors that we have had approval in so far and that gives us confidence about Opdivo's outlook for 2016.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Let me just start answering the first part of your question. I will ask Murdo to provide more detail. As both I and Murdo mentioned in our remarks and the answer to the first question, there is really rapid penetration across all of the indications where we have a label, the two histologies in lung, renal and melanoma. The two most recent approvals where there is more dynamic growth in the fourth quarter, really were the uptake of the regimen in melanoma and renal. And we are very encouraged by both trends. Those trends will continue into 2016. We also see that in 2016, we will begin to see uptake in other European countries. The only country where we really have an uptake to-date is Germany and those curves are similar to the U.S., but we are making progress. We are negotiating pricing and reimbursement in many other countries around the world, mainly in Europe and we will begin to see the impact of our international business later in the year.
Giovanni Caforio: And Jami, this is Giovanni. Just to reiterate that Charlie just said. As you have seen in our guidance, we have initiated a number of really important strategic investments commercially in R&D in 2015. Those are continuing at roughly the same level in 2016. And just to confirm what Charlie said and we have said before, we are committed to increased profitability beginning in 2017.
Giovanni Caforio: So let me ask Francis to start and address your questions, Andrew, on 626 and then I will make some comments on your second question.
Giovanni Caforio: And Andrew, just a quick answer to your question on immuno-oncology breadth and the diversification more broadly. Let me say first, with respect to immuno-oncology, I feel very confident that we have a broad approach to immuno-oncology for the short-term, the medium term and the long-term. And when you think about our central pillar today, obviously it is checkpoint inhibition. We have two assets in the market and really exciting data with the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy, which we are taking into more tumors. We have an exciting pipeline of eight agents, early agents in the clinic and we have actually strengthened that approach recently last year in 2015 through a number of business development activities we have built to what I think is an attractive early pipeline addressing the tumor microenvironment, which is a new area for us. So we have a lot to do with continue to advance our existing portfolio combinations in early assets. Obviously as the leaders in the field, we always look at new platforms and technologies and as they become better established and we are interested in that data, we are very much open to making moves in that area. Let me also say though, that beyond immuno-oncology, we actually are continuing to work to build a differentiated pipelines in other areas and we have made, again, progress in fibrosis in 2015. We strengthened our CV pipeline with a clear focus on heart failure and continuing to progress potentially transformative assets beyond oncology in every one of our areas.
Giovanni Caforio: Good morning, Tim. So we expect to have data, as you say, towards the end of 2016 for the 026 study and we don't expect an earlier readout. There is no interim analysis on that study. As far as 227 is concerned, we are very happy with the progress of the trial. We are looking at the beginning of 2018. So that and as we move to the combinations, I think it's just worth pointing out that when we talk about I-O combinations, we already have a combination approved, two approve drugs. In melanoma, we have got it under review in the EU and we have got late stage studies in lung, renal and several other tumors. So as far as the exploratory programs in novel combinations, we are getting data in-house now both the monotherapy and combination. If possible, we will present data later in 2016. And I think depending on what we see, we could move into larger studies by year's end or early 2017. But I want to make this point, we have a very high hurdle for bringing new assets forward because basically, it's got to be better than what we believe Opdivo, Yervoy is going to be which already, as far as I know, the only proven combinations of potentially similar synergy. So we are very optimistic about the Yervoy regimen with Opdivo and we will be bringing forward data later in the year on the others. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Tony, first let me say, as Charlie mentioned that the early signs from the U.S. market are encouraging, the very early signs. As you know, Empliciti is the first immuno-oncology agent to get into multiple myeloma. It's a crowded market, but one that continues to have a really high unmet medical need. And we think that that asset can play an important role. Let me ask Murdo to give you a little color on where it's being used. And remember, it is really early times.
Giovanni Caforio: And Mark, this is Giovanni. Let me just answer your question on capital allocation, specifically diversification. So first of all, business development remains a top priority for us. I must say that when many of our deals last year were smaller deals on early asset, they all are extremely interesting from a scientific perspective. And actually 2015 was a year of unprecedented activity for us from a business development perspective. First, we continue to be very active in immuno-oncology. I know you were joking when you said, it's on autopilot, but in reality we really feel we are at the very beginning of an extraordinary story in immuno-oncology and we continue to be very focused not only on delivering the value of the portfolio and pipeline we have but also continuing to strengthen that. And going back to what I said a few minutes ago, the agreements we reached in 2015 really have strengthened immuno-oncology, particularly in the tumor microenvironment. Second, we are focused on diversifying beyond immuno-oncology. We have signed some important agreements last year that have strengthened our pipeline in cardiovascular medicines, where we now combining internal and external, we have a really attractive approach to heart failure. We are building a very differentiated early pipeline in fibrosis, continuing to advance interesting assets in immunoscience. And as you know, we have two genetically defined disease products in the clinic as well. So that coupled with the strength and performance of Eliquis provides a good platform for growth outside of oncology as well. And with respect to your question regarding the size of the deals, as we said in the past, we are agnostic. We are really interested in deals that make sense strategically in terms of the therapeutic area feat, they are very strong in terms of the scientific promise and obviously makes sense financially.
Giovanni Caforio: Just very briefly on first line, let me just say, we have a very, very little penetration, first line at this point. As Murdo mentioned before, we are really at the beginning of a very rapid uptake with high shares. Let me ask Francis to answer your question with respect to combinations.
Giovanni Caforio: Alex, this is Giovanni. So first of all, let me say, we stack up our commercial investments behind the key growth brands last year, Opdivo and Eliquis, you mentioned and we are very committed to continue to invest competitively going forward including 2016. Obviously, we continue to look at our mature portfolio and the evolution of our portfolio overall and we have been and we will continue to be very disciplined in allocating all of our resources to the growth portfolio we have. So I just want to make sure that we continue to be very clear that Opdivo, Eliquis and all of our growth opportunities continue to be competitively resourced and supported in terms of their growth. With respect to R&D, actually our increased investment comes from our confidence in our R&D strategy and the increased leadership position that we have gained in 2000, which makes us really confident given the number of successes we have to continue to broaden our development footprint. And when you look at the R&D spend, a lot is about development but we are also continuing to resource a very competitive medical organization and data generation activities across the board in support of many launches we have ahead of us in 2016.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, everyone. Thanks for the questions. Let me just conclude by saying again that 2015 was a very important year for us at Bristol-Myers Squibb as we began a new chapter of expected growth. We have laid a very strong foundation for the future. Thank you.
Francis Cuss: Well, good morning, Andrew. Let me first of all say I am really proud of R&D's performance in 2015. I am actually thrilled that we have showed survival benefits in the second line lung setting in a patient population of platinum resistance that frankly have no options. As far as, forgive my laryngitis, as far 026 is concerned, we have actually taken great care in the design of this study. We have paid real attention to the choice of endpoint, the optimal timing of the analysis, the role of the non-proportional hazard ratio and of course the role of PD-L1 expression and the sample size. And we have used a wealth of data both published and our internal data on Opdivo to help guide us. So we believe we really have got the optimum balance of speed and the design to deliver positive results in the widest population of first line lung patients as we have done in other studies of Opdivo recently. Thank you.
Francis Cuss: Good morning Seamus. So our strategy is to look at our combinations through the tumor lens. And as you mentioned, we are focusing on prioritizing those areas with the greatest unmet need. Since we believe that I-O combinations are the best way forward to try that long-term survival for patients, we are again looking at it IPI/NIVO together in a number of trials at the moment. And then in those areas where, as you said, unmet need, those rapid regressive in lung and those that relapse in lung and certainly those tumors where there has been modest benefit for monotherapy, we think these is a particular opportunity as new and novel combinations come forward to perhaps meet the unmet need there. So with our portfolio, as Giovanni mentioned, now of eight combination, eight assets with three more to come in this year, we think we are going to be driven by the science and the clinical data and of course should we see good data, we will be moving in these areas of unmet need. We will be moving it very quickly forward.
Francis Cuss: So this is my CheckMate 568 and so let me first of all say that we have full confidence in the 227 study as the definitive randomized study for first line non-small cell lung cancer in combination. That being said, we believe the experience from single arm studies of combinations like this can help inform future medical practice as part of our very expansive data generation that's going on in non-small cell lung cancer.
Francis Cuss: Good morning David. Just to say, it's a very exciting year for data this year. We have started well with head and neck. I think the Hodgkin's lymphoma, we have the data in-house and we are in discussions with the regulators about submission there. Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, we should see later in the year, the single arm study there. We are expecting data in bladder and we believe that no matter what the Roche submission does, we may, assuming the data is good, we will have an opportunity to go forward with that too possibly, depending on the data.
Francis Cuss: Well, just to mention the combinations, Geoff, as I said, we believe the best opportunity for prolonging survival and responses is with I-O combinations but we have a very comprehensive program including both I-O combinations and also chemotherapy combinations, both in our 227 study in a community study and some exploratory studies. I think I would say the data to-date, data release than we probably have the most, but prolonged data doesn't support broad use of chemotherapy in combination, but I think we would see what the data shows. And there is a possibility that maybe some areas where that is beneficial. But as I said, I think our view is what science we have would suggest that I-O combinations are going to be perhaps the best for long-term survival.
