David Elkins: Yes. On the Eliquis rebates, remember, this is a very large product over $10 billion in revenue. And based upon the product mix, we forecast what the anticipated discounts will be based upon the product mix across all the payers. And each quarter, we adjust that, some quarters are up and some quarters are down. But the last 2 quarters we had some releases, and that's what really explains it. But nothing changes for the full year, really.
David Elkins: Thanks, Stephen. On Revlimid, as we said in my remarks, we still anticipate for the full year Revlimid to be in that $9 billion to $9.5 billion, more in the upper half of that range. But as we said all along, we're going to have quarter-to-quarter variability based upon how our generic volumes enter the market and timing from quarter-to-quarter. So broadly, we're still in line with the forecast that we had provided before. As far as 2023 guidance, underlying business, we continue excluding foreign currency. As we see this year, we continue to be able to grow the business, and we'll provide an update on '23 guidance as we normally do on the Q4 call.
David Elkins: Yes. On OI&E, it's a good question. A couple of good things that are going on there. One is that our royalties on PD-1 and diabetes continue to -- as those businesses grow, the royalties that we receive on those businesses continue to grow. A couple of other things, if you just think about interest rates with our cash balance, interest income is increasing. But as you know, we've been stepping down and paying down our debt, so our interest expense has been declining. And some of our licensing income that we've seen come through has also improved. So you put all 4 of those factors together, and that's how we see the OI&E progressing better over time. Just to recall, there longer term as it relates to that royalty income, those royalty rates will step down on our diabetes franchise in '23 and going and '24 for PD-1. So we'll update you on that guidance when we do guidance on the fourth quarter call.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, James. So Chris and Samit will address your question on UC, and then Chris will comment on Camzyos.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Andrew. Chris, why don't you start on Onureg and then Samit will answer the question on Reblozyl.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. Let me ask Samit to answer your question both on milvexian and the pipeline. I just want to say, with respect to the pipeline, Tim, as I mentioned in my remarks, I think what's really exciting is that actually the mid-stage pipeline is beginning to accelerate and the number of catalysts there are really important. And that's why we highlighted that in my remarks, and we look forward to continuing to update you there.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Steve. I wanted to ask David to start on Revlimid and outlook, and then Samit will answer your question.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Luisa. So let me just reiterate. Nothing really changes with respect to 2023 in terms of our outlook, and that includes the fact that we continue to see approximately $2.5 billion of decline for Revlimid. But David can give you more insights into the second question you had.
Giovanni Caforio: So thanks, everyone. In closing, with 9 new product launches in the last three years, I want to take a moment to reflect on all of the progress we have made. We have significantly derisked our portfolio with strong clinical, commercial and financial execution, and we are well underway to transform our business into a more diversified and resilient company. I look forward to the coming catalysts ahead from our new product portfolio and our mid-stage pipeline. With that, thanks again for taking the time to join our call today. And as always, our IR team will be available for any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you, and have a good day.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the question, Seamus. With respect to Zeposia, I would say Zeposia continues to perform well. We saw a nice double-digit demand growth in the quarter. The majority of that growth is continuing to come from ulcerative colitis. So I would say that the majority of patients, if you look at where the growth of this asset is going to occur through the end of this year, and certainly as we get into next year, the majority of that's going to be coming from UC. The market share that we have for Zeposia in MS continues to remain stable. Above 50% of the share in S1Ps is coming to Zeposia. We feel very good about the position that we're in there. Obviously, as we've talked about previously, the oral market in MS is under some pressure from IV. But in spite of that, we're maintaining a consistent share in the MS population. The big focus that we have continues to be on UC. We believe that's where we have the strongest position as well as the biggest opportunities for growth. And I would say that there, I think that from a competitive standpoint, so far, the position for Zeposia continues to be strong. Obviously, it is a very competitive marketplace. But for example, with the introduction of RINVOQ, the growth of RINVOQ has not largely come at the expense of Zeposia. In fact, we've maintained our position in that market in spite of the introduction of that new asset. Clearly, there are a number of dynamics that are going to continue to play out, but we feel pretty good about our competitive position as the first S1P in this market for UC. The only other thing that I would note is that obviously, as we've said, the big focus we have with Zeposia is to build volume and then convert that volume into a stronger access position. We did get a very important early win on the access side in October with CBS, Inc. now covering Zeposia with 0 step edits. That's important because if you add that with the other plans that -- smaller plans that have covered Zeposia, we now have about 30 million covered lives and we're well on track to be in a good position with the other PBMs as we go into 2023. And maybe I'll let Samit address the other part of that question, and then I'll pick up on Camzyos.
Christopher Boerner: And then picking back up on your question on Camzyos, I would just say at the outset, we are very pleased with the launch of Camzyos. We're seeing a really nice acceleration for this product in the second half. A few elements or color around that. First, we've talked about the importance of certified physicians. We now have over 2,000 REMS-certified physicians as of the end of the second quarter. We're seeing a nice healthy increase in that week-over-week. David referenced that as of the end of the third quarter, we had 1,100 patients who had been prescribed Camzyos. That's also seeing nice week-over-week increases. I think we had referenced on the previous quarterly call that a big focus area has been helping some of the larger institutions build the infrastructure to support the use of this product. We've seen very significant improvement on that in recent weeks. And the pace of new starts that we're seeing is consistent with those accounts, in particular getting organized. Nearly all of the patients that we are seeing are going through our Camzyos patient hub, and that's really important because that will facilitate getting patients onto therapy and staying on therapy. And I think it's notable that of the patients who have had multiple dispenses thus far, none of them have dropped out therapy, which is a nice indicator of how well that hub is working. I think the question with respect to how fast we're going to see an acceleration of revenue kind of speaks to this question of access. Access, as anticipated, has not been a barrier with this launch. We now have about 50% of plans covering Camzyos. All of the patients who are covering Camzyos are being to the label, which is a good indicator of a strong position. And you will have seen on the slides that as of the end of the third quarter, about 1/3 of those 1,100 patients had converted to commercial drug. In October alone, we've seen an almost doubling of the number of commercial dispense that we saw in Q3. So we feel very good about the pace of this launch and what we're seeing in the second half, and happy obviously to provide additional color as this launch continues and we get into the fourth quarter call.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. The question on Onureg around some of the barriers that we're seeing. I would say that the biggest challenge with Onureg continues to be the proportion of patients who are getting intensive chemotherapy. As you know, those dynamics in the first-line setting here are continuing to evolve. We've seen a decrease in the U.S. mainly of the percentage of patients who go on to get intensive chemotherapy. And remember, the label is for patients who receive intensive chemotherapy and get a complete response. Having said that, focus with Onureg continues to be on ensuring that we maximize the opportunity for maintenance. The maintenance share right now is about 50% to 60%. We think there's opportunity to continue over time to expand that maintenance market. And for those patients who get intensive chemotherapy, get a complete response, go on to maintenance, the choice needs to be Onureg. So that's been the significant focus we have for the U.S. team. And then we continue to see very early stages of launch outside of the U.S. in markets like Germany and France, and the early uptake there has been good.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Maybe I'll just add that while bispecifics and CAR T both share, in this case, the target of BCMA, I think it's important to keep in mind they offer very different characteristics for patients, including the availability of the products, the duration of treatment, adverse event profile. And I think ultimately, as we've said repeatedly, the utility of BCMA CAR T and bispecifics is going to be unique to each patient and the setting that we're in. And we anticipate that these various patient factors are going to become increasingly important in determining how patients are treated. And then maybe before I turn it over to Samit about the expansion of Opdualag, let me just say, at the outset, we continue to be very impressed with the strong performance of Opdualag out of the gate. Our focus has been and will continue to be to target that PD-1 monotherapy population. I think as David alluded to; we're seeing use of conversion of both Opdivo + Yervoy patients as well as PD-1 monotherapy to drive that use as of today. But as we think about the growth of this asset going forward, remember, where we sit today, PD-1 monotherapy is still about 20% of first-line metastatic melanoma. And that's the target for our commercial launch, and so we see continued opportunity to grow this asset through the end of this year and well into next year.
Christopher Boerner: Sounds good. So Terence, thanks for the question. Let me clarify a few things. First, while we're not going to give specific product level guidance for the fourth quarter. What I would say is that we are very happy with the conversion and increasing conversion of patients on Camzyos to commercial drug. Remember, as you think about this launch, you need to think about it in the context of how many physicians are REMS-certified. Our ability to then translate those physicians into getting patients into clinics and getting on therapy, we're seeing a nice increase week-over-week in terms of patients coming in at the top of the funnel, if you will. Because they're going into our hub, they're staying on therapy. And the fact that now we're converting those patients to commercial drug at a faster clip, I think it's a very good sign that this launch continues to accelerate in the fourth quarter. The only other thing to keep in mind is that because most patients will take some time to initiate therapy as well as work through the benefits verification and any appeals process, those patients are going to be on free drug for roughly 7 to 8 weeks. That time will decrease over time as we get PBM coverage decisions formally through the end of this year and into early next year. But that's how you should think about the flow of patients and the sequence of patients. The really good news, though, is that we continue to see physician interest in this product. The feedback has been good. We're seeing week-over-week increases in patients at the top, and we're seeing a nice increase in conversion of patients going on to commercial drug. And we anticipate that continuing.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. So as we think about the progression of Sotyktu, I think you start with a couple of things upfront. One is the profile of the drug. We've talked about that at some length that the fact that we have a very clean label here, it gives us the ability to tell a very strong story about 2 Phase III studies that directly show an efficacy improvement against the existing standard of care. So we've got a great efficacy message to tell, good safety profile, the value of this asset is very clear. We saw that coming into this launch, and all of the feedback that we've received from physicians thus far is consistent with that. The next important point is that we've got a very experienced team. They know this space well. So we've been able to penetrate where the vast majority of these patient sits, which is in the community setting. So we feel very good about that. The trick with this space because it is a heavily managed space is going to be that we do a few things really well. Initially, we've got to remove new-to-market blocks. Those blocks are put in place for every new product in this space, and that's a big focus for us right now. We then have to take advantage of where access is open. And as I said earlier in response to the previous question, that's about 10% of patients. And so we're doing everything we can there. But for the majority of patients, the focus is on building volume and then leveraging that volume to negotiate with PBMs to get you into a more favorable formulary position as soon as feasible. Because of the timing of this launch, we certainly missed the window by and large for negotiations this year. The focus will be on negotiating for 24 access. Though in response to Chris' earlier question, we're going to do everything we can to accelerate that. So that's really the focus that we have. We have a robust set of patient services that we can offer to patients to get them onto therapy. We give them both of initial free trial offer as well as a bridge program, and we would anticipate significant use of that bridge program to guide us into when we have a more favorable formulary position.
Christopher Boerner: Maybe I'll start with Opdualag and turn it over to Samit. So what we're seeing right now, just to set sort of where we are with the Opdualag launches. We are sourcing roughly 50% to 60% of this business from PD-1 monotherapy and about 40% to 50% from Opdivo and Yervoy combination. That's slightly higher Opdivo + Yervoy cannibalization in the third quarter we had anticipated prelaunch. But we expect that to stabilize, and we would continue to expect that going forward, the majority of Opdualag business is going to come from PD-1 monotherapy. Remember, in the market right now, as I said earlier, we've got about 20% market share for PD-1 monotherapy. That's roughly evenly split between Opdivo and KEYTRUDA. So the way I would think about the progression of Opdualag is, first and foremost, you will see some cannibalization of Opdivo and some of Yervoy as well. However, the vast majority of the use of this asset in the long run should continue to come from PD-1 monotherapy. Some of that will be Opdivo, some of that will be from a competitor. And as I think about the growth trajectory, that 20% share is the target for us of PD-1 monotherapy. That's where we think we should be getting the business. And the fact that we still have 20% of this market to go gives us confidence we can continue to grow this overall business going into 2023.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Maybe I'll start on the Camzyos question. So let me just clarify the 1/3. Of the 1,100 patients, roughly 1,100 patients that we had as of the end, a 1/3 of those patients had dropped down to commercial drug, beyond commercial drug. And what I was referencing was in the first 3 weeks of October, we've seen an almost doubling of the number of commercial dispenses that took place through all of the third quarter. So that illustrates an important consideration for the trajectory of commercial sales here for this product, which is that we're starting to see an acceleration both in terms of the number of patients coming on to therapy and the pace at which those patients are converting down to commercial drug.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. So I think you're right that a big focus area for us on Reblozyl continues to be on duration of therapy. The way we anticipate being able to drive that duration of therapy, though, is to continue to focus on dose titration. What we're seeing right now is about 50% of patients are dose titrating. And remember, you need to have 2 dose titrations to get the benefit that you saw in the clinical program in the real-world setting. And so about 50% of patients are dose titrating with the first step. And that compares to about 80%, which is what we saw in the clinical study. And if we can get that dose titration, patients will get the full benefit of Reblozyl, and we anticipate that, that full benefit will translate into a longer duration of therapy. So I think that what you're hearing is consistent with the focus that we have the continued growth of this product, continue to make sure that Reblozyl is the standard of care in the second-line on-label population, expand that population as much as we can by decreasing the time that patients are in ESAs and then ensuring they get the full benefit of Reblozyl by focusing on appropriate dose titration, which we anticipate will increase the duration of therapy.
Samit Hirawat: Very briefly, Seamus, the way we think about it is that unmet medical need still remains very high in patients with ulcerative colitis. And certainly, new medicines are needed. As you know, we have our own clinical development plan ongoing with Sotyktu in ulcerative colitis. Two of the trials will read out from a proof-of-concept perspective in 2023 for CD and UC, UC would be in the second half of the year. And we will continue to explore if those trials then lead to future development as well as if combinations are going to be the possibilities of the future with standard of care or novel therapies. So more to come, but we need to first see the data.
Samit Hirawat: And Andrew, thank you for the question on milvexian. Yes, certainly, we looked at the hypothesis around COVID, and the 200-milligram dose doesn't seem to be driven through there. But we are continuing to explore why the group stood out. But the point to be taken home, I think, remains that we have an eightfold dose range that is available to us for picking the right dose bond to Phase III trials, and we are in that place where we are now looking forward to initiation of the program in the next few months on the Phase III side with the 3 indications that we've spoken about before in AF, ACS and SSP.
Samit Hirawat: And I think in addition to what Chris has just spoken about, there are obviously many other trials that are ongoing. In the Phase III setting, we've got the melanoma study, in the adjuvant setting as well as the CRC trial in the second line plus setting in MSS colorectal cancer. And then looking into the continued enrollment in the Phase III portion -- or Phase II portion of non-small cell lung cancer randomized portion as well as the 2 studies ongoing in HCC and multiple other signal-seeking studies ongoing with our collaboration with investigators. So obviously, as the data emerges, we can take that program forward to multiple other indications.
Samit Hirawat: And Tim, thank you for the question. I'm glad that you are as excited as us in terms of initiation of the Phase III program. Once the trial reads out, we have to get in touch with the health authorities, agree on the dose, agree on the overall trial design and then we can initiate the plans by submitting the protocols to IRBs, to ethics committees, to the institutions they have to go through before we can actually enroll patients. So all of that is being worked through. We have our partner, Janssen and us. We're working very diligently, very closely to get the program started. In the next few months, you'll get to hear the initiation of the Phase III program for milvexian. In terms of the pipeline and what's the new catalyst in the next year or 2? I've talked about it before, and I think our pipeline is fortunately very full and each of the therapeutic areas has multiple opportunities beyond milvexian. For example, in cardiovascular space that we've spoken about, I think we are looking forward to some of the readouts in the immunology space. as we think about cendakimab over the next couple of years for the ongoing eosinophilic esophagitis study as well as, I think Giovanni spoke about in his opening remarks, LPA1 proof-of-concept study. If that reads out and if the data's are similar to, from an efficacy perspective, what we saw a couple of years ago in 2018, the publication, that could open up the doors if the safety profile is well managed. In a similar way, we have repotrectinib that will be registered and hopefully available in the second half of next year for patients with non-small cell lung cancer with RAS mutations. And as the data emerges, there are a few transitions that could occur in 2023 as well from early to late development such as androgen receptor lag independent degrader or alnuctamab. And then, of course, there is the readout for the COMMANDS trial that we are anticipating for Reblozyl as well. So there are multiple other catalysts that are coming through in the pipeline in 2023.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, David. And just, Steve, on the branebrutinib side, it is certainly not the toxicity. We've set ourselves high bars for taking molecules into late-stage development, and we did not meet the high bar for those indications. The indication for RA is continuing, and we'll see what the data reads out. And based on that data, then we'll make a decision whether that should continue or not.
Samit Hirawat: And Terence, for the T cell engager, certainly we'll not get into the specifics of the data. But as you recall, with the IV formulation, we had very good efficacy that we had seen, but the toxicity profile was not acceptable and that's why we switched the subcutaneous. And the data will be presented. So certainly, after the presentation of the data, we are happy to get into dialogue as to what the data are and how we perceive them as we go forward.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Let me start with Camzyos first in the nonoperative hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. We are looking forward to initiation in terms of enrollment of patients in that Phase III study. The data that we had seen already in the Phase II are quite promising, looking at the impact on biomarkers and even in the longer-term follow-up of that trial. I can't give you the specifics on the titration at this time and certainly for future discussions. Once we have initiated the trial, we'll be able to talk more about it. For MYK-224, as you know, that we always want to have multiple shots. And this is a new molecule that we are developing. Certainly, the first trial that you'd probably see is going to be looking also at obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. And the reason for that is because we've got Camzyos data. We have in-house data the way we would want to compare the trial -- compare the drug and see what differentiation features that drug carries. And then as we look to the future from a development perspective, we'll define which indications we want to pursue with MYK-224, which indication we want to replicate with Camzyos. We have not defined and decided yet on how we will develop 224. And certainly, when we have that, we'll get into that dialogue as well.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. We can certainly -- the one that you're probably talking about is the one that we saw yesterday or day before for the EoE. Remember, the mechanism of action over there is the IL-5 inhibition as opposed to cendakimab, where it is the IL-13 inhibition. The differentiating feature also compared to some of the other drugs that are approved or have shown data. This is a direct inhibitor of IL-13 with a downstream effect of inhibition of both R1 and R2 receptors. And we believe that the inhibition of both is important not only for decreasing the inflammation, but also for remodeling and reversing the fibrosis. We have seen this in the Phase II trial that was presented a while back for cendakimab, and that was the basis of taking this into a Phase III trial. And certainly, we'll be looking at this ratio in this trial as well. So in a couple of years when the trial reads out, we are hoping to be able to replicate and improve on the results of the Phase II study.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. And just talking about ASH. In general, one of the things that you will be seeing over there is the presentation of the data for the expansion arm of mezigdomide in combination with dexamethasone in fifth line plus patient population. But in general, from multiple myeloma, we will also be presenting the data for our next CAR T, which is GPRC5D-targeted as well as for KarMMa-2, one of the arms which is looking at proof of concept in the post-transplant treatment setting. That data will also be presented at ASH in addition to alnuctamab, which is the T cell engager.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. I will start with that, Evan. And from a KarMMa-2 data presentation perspective, certainly, as I said earlier, those data will be there as a proof of concept with a longer follow-up at ASH meeting. And certainly, we've talked about what the initiation of the next trial based on those data would be with -- and that's what I think 270 Bio I talked about, how we intend to initiate a trial in the earlier setting. It is a differentiated way of looking at it. And more details will be available when we actually do launch the trial in terms of trial design and how we have thought about it. In terms of the comparison of Abecma versus the data from Carvykti. Once again, as Chris has spoken about earlier, we do believe that Abecma remains a very differentiated asset from a safety profile perspective as well as the first CAR-T that has data as a randomized Phase III trial showing superiority to current standard of care. So that profile will continue to grow, and that profile will continue to improve hopefully. And that's why we are thinking of initiation of that early line trial in the post-transplant setting.
Samit Hirawat: And on the milvexian side, although the words say acute coronary syndrome, but it doesn't mean that the treatment is only done in the acute setting or even for the secondary stroke prevention. Patients actually stay on antiplatelet regimens, for example, for a very long time on a chronic treatment period. And so in a similar way, milvexian is anticipated to be used in a chronic setting rather -- meaning the long duration of treatment rather than only in the acute phase.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. And just very briefly on Sotyktu. Look, I think the overall potential for topical therapy is being evaluated and we'll have to inform you in due course because landscape is continuing to evolve with multiple therapies coming for the milder population or mild population. We already have the approval for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, and the mild population indication, we'll need to continue to explore.
