Charles Bancroft: Yes. I would start with the overall pacing question. I don't see any dramatic change in the investment. Remember in -- beginning in 2010, we already started life cycle flexing of PLAVIX at that point. And it pretty much concluded a full life cycle flexing including going dark on DTC beginning in the third quarter of 2011. I would say that from an overall EPS standpoint though, you can imagine at PLAVIX will start seeing the decline in PLAVIX beginning in the second quarter. So from an overall standpoint, our first quarter would look better than the next 3 quarters of 2012 on an EPS basis.
Charles Bancroft: Okay, let me give you a little bit of context on how we think about sales in 2012, Jami. We gave you some guidance on how we think about the evolution of PLAVIX and the variables surrounding that. Also for us on a reported basis, FX can always be an issue. And then as it relates to product flow, the big issues will be new product sales evolution, not just on ELIQUIS, but also YERVOY, ORENCIA subcu. We're not giving specific sales targets for those, and also the European measures. Right now we think we don't have a balanced view on that. If things got significantly worse, that could also impact how we think of 2012.
Charles Bancroft: Let me talk a little bit about 2012. I can't comment on any analyst model per se, but I would say that a variable that, as we see it, is FX. The average FX rate in 2011 for the euro, for example, was $1.39, as we reported it. In our updated guidance, we said we were using more current FX rates. So at the top line, it's closer to something around $1.30.
Charles Bancroft: As it relates to your question on gross margin, I think -- and we've stated this before that PLAVIX, overall, as that comes off patent, was basically at our overall company gross margin. AVAPRO and AVALIDE being slightly less. So those 2 products coming off patent don't really have much of an impact on margin, although PLAVIX being so large was a stabilizer of our overall gross margin. So we expect we would eventually have more variability depending on portfolio mix, which is, by and large, our largest movement within our overall gross margin. So you can think about it in 2 ways. We have partnered product of ONGLYZA and apixaban, which carry a much lower margin because we report our shared partner profit through gross margin. But then some of our other products like HIV, YERVOY and potentially moving to Devens will provide with a stronger margin over time.
Charles Bancroft: Okay, David. Sure, I'll take the first part of your question as it related to the YERVOY sales deferral. As you point out, we had a sales deferral of $27 million in the third quarter -- or excuse me, in the -- yes, third quarter of last year. And there's really been no change of that in the fourth quarter.
Charles Bancroft: I'll take your second part first then, Seamus. On the share count, you have known that we have gone through our original $3 billion authorization going back to 2010. We've got through about $1.8 billion year-to-date on that program and about $1.2 billion remaining. I mean, it's really BD-dependent, but assuming no significant BD, we will probably work through the remaining $1.2 billion in 2012. And the second part was related to Sanofi. We gave the guidance at the top line. You understand that the gross margin is roughly the same. We said that as far as our overall company margin, and we pay out in minority interest half to Sanofi, not controlling interest. So that's how you can think of the financials related to PLAVIX.
Charles Bancroft: On your question, Chris, related to, I think, primarily MS&A and our expense lines. First, I would say, we continue to have a strong focus on productivity throughout the organization. So there are some savings that continue from our programs. Two, you may recall my comment that I mentioned some onetime items related to bad debt expenses in the EU in foundation and grant spending. And also, we have been ramping down spend -- expenses on PLAVIX in 2011. There were some still from savings year-over-year as we think about that. And we also began spending on ELIQUIS in 2011, and we are transitioning sales forces from PLAVIX, in some cases, into ELIQUIS.
Giovanni Caforio: So this is Giovanni. With respect to launch readiness in the U.S., we've been working very closely with Pfizer to finalize the strategies and plans for launch, and we will be very well prepared if we are approved on our PDUFA date at the end of March. As you know, we've learned that establishing early access and reimbursement is very critical for the successful launch. So our initial focus after approval will be on payer discussions. And during that period, we will be preparing our sales force and that medical teams to begin promoting and supporting the product.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, this is Giovanni. The first comment I would make on the U.S. market is even with the launch of PRADAXA and XARELTO, there continues to be a very high unmet medical need in atrial fibrillation. And we know that warfarin has been the standard of care for over 50 years. So given that long history, physicians have used warfarin for a long period of time and changing that behavior and making them comfortable with using a new agent is an important task we will be focused on. The second point I would make is that because of the profile of ELIQUIS and the data that was described before, we are convinced that it is a differentiated product, not only versus warfarin, but also versus the new agents. And that -- it may have a very compelling profile, both in the specialty segment and also with primary care physicians.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, this is Giovanni. With respect to the performance of YERVOY in the U.S. in Q4, as Charlie mentioned, our demand was $118 million, and we estimate that we had a share of 25% to 30% of the total metastatic melanoma market across first and second line, which is similar to what we had reported for Q3. We saw a number of important developments. We did see increased penetration in both the hospital segment and the community with an increase in the number of prescribers in both settings, and we continue to see that approximately 50% of our business is coming from the community and 50% from the hospital. In the fourth quarter, approximately 70% of our business came from the first line and 30% for the second line. We did see a significant increase in the share in BRAF-negative patients, reflecting the fact that new agents will increasingly adopt. And we did see a lower share in BRAF-positive patients. However, we continue to believe that the 2 products are complementary in this patient population, and we do expect that the use of YERVOY in BRAF-positive patients will continue to increase over time as a result of a number of factors. First, physicians will be -- continue to be increasingly comfortable with using new agents. They will understand the profile of the 2 agents, and patients on Zelboraf will continue to progress over time. So the other comment I would like to make relates to access and reimbursement and where we always -- where we also have made good progress. We've seen relatively quick reimbursement cycles in both the commercial and the Medicare space. And we expect reimbursements to further improve the community since we have a permanent J code now, as of January 1. Finally, some payers have implemented medical policies, and all of those are very consistent with our broad label.
Giovanni Caforio: On ELIQUIS -- this is Giovanni. I would repeat what we said before. We are working very actively to prepare for launch and our launch ready for the potential PDUFA date at the end of March. We are very positive about the profile and the differentiation of the product. And we are ready to execute a launch if we are approved at the end of March.
Lamberto Andreotti: So -- and about 2013, I know we will go back to this guidance, not guidance for 2013. Let me just state a few things, repeating what Charlie said. One, we are one year away from 2013, and we will provide EPS guidance for 2013 in January of next year, one month -- one year from now. Two, there have been a number of both positive and negative developments -- I'm repeating, positive and negative developments since we last confirmed guidance -- minimum guidance for EPS in July last year. And three, we have -- and that Charlie said that very clearly, our objective remains that of meeting guidance. So this is what we want to say today about 2013.
Lamberto Andreotti: I think that's -- on your last point, I don't think we foresee any significant or material change in whatever decision is taken by the Supreme Court. And we believe that we will continue to be affected, as we are, by -- significantly affected as we are by the healthcare reform that was implemented in the past.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. Thank you, again, for your questions. I would like to reiterate one key point. This is a very good moment in the life of Bristol-Myers Squibb. We see it in our numbers. We see it in our products, and we see it in the lives of the patients we serve. So I'm confident that we will also continue to see it in the years to come. Thank you.
Elliott Sigal: John, this is Elliott. Let me just add on ELIQUIS to Giovanni's very good comments about this -- the competitor, warfarin. From the design, very early designs to the clinical program, the goal was to achieve a powerful agent that reduced stroke with less bleeding. No other agent other than ELIQUIS has that clinical data to substantiate that profile. And in our work with physicians and market research and payer research, to be able to give now a more convenient class of drug, but achieve greater efficacy with less bleeding, over 30% less significant bleeding, we think will be a very attractive alternative. And also, if you look across the clinical trials, the tolerability of this drug also stands out in terms of people staying on the drug, in terms of less GI tolerance and less potential MIs.
Elliott Sigal: Yes. So, David, the PD-1 question has to do with our confidence in some of the tumor types. We are confident based on data that we've seen, the activity in the Phase I, Phase II studies of multiple tumor types. We'll be presenting data from these studies at the American Society of Clinical Oncology later this year. We are impressed with the durability and the response rate. And so far, although it's early, the safety profile. We're also attracted to the possibility of targeting within different tumor types by potential biomarkers, and we're very interested, specifically, in lung cancer and this huge unmet medical need by having a foundational therapy that may be improved upon by adding additional chemotherapeutic agents, or sequencing them, as we are learning with ipilimumab. So the development is progressing well. We continue to investigate. It’s used in a variety of tumor types such as renal, lung and melanoma. And we will be in Phase III in lung cancer with PD-1 this year, as well as renal cancer.
Elliott Sigal: This is Elliott. On your question about the ELIQUIS Advisory Committee, if one happens, the decision to schedule an Advisory Committee is completely up the discretion of the FDA, and they make those announcements. We always prepare for an Advisory Committee. But at this time, I know of no plan to have an Advisory Committee. And the date of the action is March 28.
Elliott Sigal: This is Elliott on the hepatitis C question. I believe for now, it's wise to consider 3 major agents in achieving an all-oral regimen or a subset of 3 major classes for the different challenges around the world, the different genotypes and until more science is known. And that includes the protease inhibitor, a 5A and a nucleotide. And I'm pleased that we have the lead 5A. We now have a very exciting nuke, where they're very scarce, and we're very excited about, although at an early stage, what it can do in combinations with other medicines. And we do have an important collaboration with J&J on perhaps the next PI to enter the field that has very interesting characteristics, and that collaboration will continue. So we have, with our own protease inhibitor, found that a 5A will cure nearly all patients with genotype 1b. And that is a very important opportunity where that genotype is predominant in Asia and almost exclusively exist in Japan. And we're in Phase III with that. And I think that may well be one of the first, if not, the first all-oral regimens that are attacking genotype 1. We are running a global program. We are adding to that regimen ribavirin for broader coverage. And, of course, we are anxious to get the nucleotide 5A data from our Pharmasset, Gilead collaboration, and would hope that, that collaboration would continue, or it could be an opportunity for Inhibitex acquisition when it completes.
Elliott Sigal: I'll answer quickly. Brivanib will have the head-to-head with sorafenib later this year and will -- that's an important study to complete our understanding of the profile and we'll have more to say. Clearly, the first 2 studies have been showing active drug, but have been disappointing in moving forward, but the most important study in my mind is the head-to-head with sorafenib and I'd have to say, with carcinoma earlier line of therapy patients that haven't had a lot of therapy. So I -- that should be known towards the end of the year. With regard to ELIQUIS and the bleeding that people are seeing in the marketplace or concerned about -- and I don't want to quote data on somebody's drug in that regard, but I will say the profiles are clearly different, and it's not surprising. We were after, from the beginning, powerful efficacy with less bleeding than Coumadin. So I don't believe people will or should take this as a class effect, in particular, PRADAXA is inhibiting a factor 2A or Thrombin in itself, and we are inhibiting 12 -- 10A intentionally from the beginning to be upstream and have the control of delivering efficacy without as much bleeding. So everything we've done from the beginning with the design of ELIQUIS has been to pick the right target to widen the therapeutic window and to focus on 10A and the right dose and regimen and the right patient populations. And we've ended up, fortunately, with what we wanted, which is a more powerful agent than warfarin, an agent that can be used where warfarin cannot be used and a safety profile in terms of major bleeds that is comparable to aspirin. And no other drug can say that. And I think that is gaining value in our research with the payers and physicians and we are anxious to have an opportunity to launch the drug, should it be approved.
Elliott Sigal: Yes. And, Mark, this is Elliott. So we're very excited to -- hope to close the deal with Inhibitex. We've already designed generally some plans of what we'd like to do should it close. And in addition to conducting the Phase II study on top of standard of care and reporting that out and sharing with everybody some of the other science, we are doing combination studies this year to see the interaction of 5A with INX, with or without ribavirin and to pick just the right dose for the efficacy. And I would say that, that kind of all-oral trial will give us an idea in patients by the end of the year of what doses we could take into Phase III.
