Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Michael. And welcome to our third quarter call for 2011. This afternoon's call regarding our third quarter results will build on the earnings press release issued earlier today. In a few moments, Mark will provide additional details on the quarter's underlying financial results and comment on our outlook for the remainder of 2011. Vince will then review our commercial activities during the third quarter of this year. Over the last quarter, we continued to execute our business plan and have made substantial progress against our objectives for the year. Revenues from our marketed products, BYETTA and SYMLIN, remained steady quarter-over-quarter and our focus on managing expenses and maintaining financial discipline enabled us to continue running our business close to breakeven. In fact, we earned non-GAAP operating income of $13 million during the third quarter. Earlier in the quarter, we announced that we responded to the second BYDUREON complete response letter. And based on ongoing interactions with the FDA, we continue to expect that their review will be completed by January 28 PDUFA date. We are continuing pre-launch activities and we'll be in position to have BYDUREON available to patients shortly after approval. The anticipation of launching BYDUREON here in the United States has us and the broader diabetes community buzzing with excitement. With BYDUREON now available in the U.K. and more recently Germany, this sense of excitement continues to grow, with early feedback from patients and healthcare practitioners in both markets being overwhelmingly positive. Though it's still too early in both launches to have solid data regarding prescription volume, demand in wholesale channels has been very strong, particularly in Germany. We also continue to make excellent progress on several important pipeline and life cycle initiatives. We continue to look forward to the FDA's anticipated decision within the next week on an expanded label for BYETTA for use with insulin glargine, which would result in an important new treatment option for patients. The development of a pen device for BYDUREON remains on track, with an expected launch by the end of 2012 or in early 2013. Regarding the exenatide suspension program, we expect regulatory interactions by the end of the year that will inform the design of pivotal studies for both the weekly and monthly exenatide formulations. And we will provide you with an update about our plans for this important initiative following those interactions. We also continue to add centers and enroll patients for our ongoing EXSCEL cardiovascular outcome study, which is investigating the potential for BYDUREON to reduce cardiovascular events relative to the standard of care in patients with type 2 diabetes. In addition to the exciting progress we're making with our exenatide franchise, we continue to make progress with metreleptin for rare forms of lipodystrophy. At the end of last year, we submitted the clinical and nonclinical sections of a Biologics License Application or BLA for the use of metreleptin to treat diabetes and/or hypertriglyceridemia in pediatric and adult patients with inherited or acquired lipodystrophy. Our plan at the start of this year was to submit the chemistry, manufacturing and control sections and complete the BLA by the end of this year. We have successfully completed the drug substance validation runs and are now in the process of generating stability data in support of our planned submission. However, capacity issues with our contract manufacturer and complexities encountered during the validation runs have caused us to move our target date for the BLA completion into the first half of 2012. We remain committed to bringing this new therapy to market as soon as possible and we'll be providing an update regarding the commercial outlook for the lipodystrophy opportunity at the beginning of next year. To round up my comments regarding our progress thus far this year, I'd like to reinforce the fact that while we continue to drive revenue from our marketed products and advance our key pipeline assets, we will continue to aggressively manage our expenses in line with our expected revenues. As Mark will highlight momentarily, our strong third quarter and year-to-date financial results reflect the continued emphasis we are placing on controlling our spending and driving efficiencies across our business. I'll now turn things over to Mark to review our financial results released earlier today.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Vince. Before the close of our prepared remarks, I'd like to reinforce some of the comments made by Mark and Vince by noting that with BYETTA continuing to perform well in the market and our business running at cash flow breakeven, we have the resources necessary to successfully launch and drive adoption of BYDUREON in the United States. In closing, I'd like to reiterate that I, along with the Amylin leadership team, remain committed to creating value for our shareholders, our employees and, most importantly, the millions of diabetes patients we're focused on serving. I will now ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Dan Bradbury: Actually, before we start on the questions, before we open the lines for questions, I wanted to share some exciting late breaking news. We just received word that the FDA has approved BYETTA for use with insulin glargine in the U.S. That means that BYETTA is now approved as an add-on therapy to insulin glargine with or without metformin and/or a thiazolidinedione in conjunction with diet and exercise for adults with type 2 diabetes who are not achieving adequate glycemic control on insulin glargine alone. We believe this complementary approach to glycemic control will be a smart partnership that could result in an important new treatment option for patients. We will be issuing a press release with our partner Lilly later this afternoon that will provide you with more information. And now, I think we're ready to take some questions.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks for the questions, I appreciate it. Just regarding where we are with BYDUREON, well as I commented in the remarks, so we obviously, we submitted the response with regards to the second complete response in July this year. And we've got -- received from the FDA in August a confirmation that they had filed that response and they issued a PDUFA date of the 28th of January for next year. We continue to have interactions with the agency, and I guess the best thing that I could say to you at this point is that we're not aware of any other additional issues that have been raised by the agency and that the review remains on track. Regarding how quickly, post-approval, we'd be able to launch, I think I'll stick with "shortly" as regards to guidance at this point. That's highly dependent upon what information we get from the agency when. The critical component for us to learn early is regards to agreement on the label and, in particular, also the medication guide. Once we have those, we can actually start building a finished-product inventory immediately. That doesn't take that long and hence the comment "shortly." That having said, your question with regards to ability to build inventory, obviously we have the facility that we completed in Ohio, that's now manufacturing for Europe for commercial product. And I would just say that we have plenty of adequate material in terms of pre-finished product that can become finished product very quickly upon approval. Your second question is relating to revenue guidance: It has not been our standard practice to provide revenue guidance, and we don't intend to change that practice at this point.
Dan Bradbury: Catherine, Dan here. I guess I'll take both of those questions. Thanks very much. The -- with regards to the first question, we are continuing to guide that we expect that the dual-chamber pen for BYDUREON will be available at the end of 2012, beginning of 2013, subject to regulatory review time. With regard to update on our litigation with Lilly, that litigation -- I guess just a couple of points I'd want to make. First and foremost, I think it's important that everybody is aware of the fact that we do have in place with Lilly a business-as-usual arrangement while the litigation is continuing. That enables both companies to continue to focus on maximizing the value of exenatide. Secondly, it is fairly complicated, there's a number of things that are occurring. And if I could request, Catherine, rather than me going into all the detail on this call, that if you wouldn't mind calling our investor relations group. They can give you an update of the -- of all the dates and everything with regards to the ongoing litigation with precision.
Dan Bradbury: Yes, we are. We haven't provided precise guidance with regards to exactly when we are going to submit. But obviously if I'm guiding towards -- I'm guiding at the end of next year and beginning of 2013, you would expect that our submission would occur in the early part of 2012.
Dan Bradbury: Yes, Thomas, I'll take that one. So Thomas, I mean, just to say that this is a fairly typical -- it's fairly typical issue that we dealt with that is often found when manufacturing large macromolecules such as metreleptin. And it was something that we encountered during the first validation run. It was -- clearly, it was a process tweak that needed to be undertaken. That process tweak was undertaken and we then subsequently have now completed the validation runs. And as you know, you have to do 3 validation runs, and the product is on stability. So we've solved the technical issue and so we remain confident moving forward with regards to the submission of the CMC section for metreleptin and, I think, just to say that we remain very committed to making sure that happens, given the higher medical need in the patient population that we're hoping to serve.
Dan Bradbury: Cory, maybe I'll take the first question and then I'll ask Vince to comment with regards to D-6. So I think it's a little bit premature to comment about what may or may not happen with regards to lixisenatide in combination with glargine. My read on that situation has been that, that program has remained in early stage development and continues to be there. So until such time as we really know what the product is that we would be competing against, I think it's premature for us to comment about what may or may not be the impact of it. Perhaps, Vince, you could talk about the situation in Europe? You were at the EASD meeting, so perhaps you could comment about your impressions.
Dan Bradbury: Terence, it's Dan here. Yes, Terence, I mean I think we expect, just like anybody else developing a long-acting GLP-1 receptor agonist, that we would need to participate in a runs [ph] program, which would encompass tracking in the same way that Novo has to with definitely regards that issue.
Dan Bradbury: Yes. I mean by the way, we had -- before we had the second complete response letter, we'd had extensive discussions with the agency. And we have, I think, consistently said we expect to be treated in a similar manner at this time. Obviously, this is all subject to final discussions with the agency and the final label and approval.
Dan Bradbury: Well, let -- maybe I should comment on that, David. So let me just say that fundamentally, we believe that it's really important to maximize access to as many patients as possible for our products, and we continue to be committed to that. I think there is -- perhaps one thing I would like to say is that what your comment there with regards to the delta with Victoza, I think that's actually been maintained pretty consistent as a result of also price increases that have occurred to Victoza as well. Going forward, at this point, we're not in a position to guide with regards to our pricing strategy to BYDUREON, but I would reiterate comments that I've made previously that we are committed to ensuring that BYDUREON is available and there is good access to patients with -- at a low tier for BYDUREON going forward.
Dan Bradbury: Yes, sure, thanks for both those questions. Certainly with regards to EXSCEL, at this time there are no plans to do an interim analysis. That's always an option for at some point in the future. But at this time, there are no plans to do an interim analysis of that. With regards to AC165198, yes, it remains on track to file an IND by the end of this year.
Dan Bradbury: Ian, yes, it's a good question. I don't believe we have that kind of granularity of nature at this time and so it's too early for us to comment on that.
Dan Bradbury: Okay. Well thanks, everybody. Thanks for your interest and for your questions. I appreciate them. Here at Amylin, we know we have a huge opportunity to continue to advance our mission of discovering, developing and commercializing medicines to improve the lives of patients. And our leadership team and the many dedicated employees of Amylin remain focused on building the business today and laying the necessary foundation for our success in the future. If you have any additional questions regarding the call today or any other aspect of our business, please call Michael or Jeff on our -- at our IR team. And we look forward to continuing our dialogue with you. Thank you.
Vincent P. Mihalik: Thanks, Dan. And in fact, Ian, thanks very much for the question. Obviously, this was all part of our life cycle plan to broaden the applications for the exenatide molecule by having both short-acting and long-acting GLP-1s. And for this expanded use, BYETTA does provide a complementary addition to glargine, the most popular basal insulin therapy. To the first part of your question, how much usage, actually, estimates we've been able to make are probably less than 20% of BYETTA use is on top of basal insulin of any kind. So we think there's a real nice opportunity for BYETTA to demonstrate the power of short-acting GLP-1s on postprandials as a mealtime treatment option instead of rapid-acting insulin or as many physicians do increase the dosage of glargine. And keep in mind, it's only taken twice a day and doesn't require any dosing titration at all for the mealtime component. And as Dan commented, it's a very smart partnership that does provide realtime postprandial control to improve the overall blood sugars with little potential for weight gain or hypoglycemia. So if you think about the opportunity as the number of patients that are on glargine today that aren't adequately controlled on basal insulin, keep in mind that roughly about 60% of type 2 patients don't meet target. There's a really nice opportunity out there for us to have this new indication and be able to promote it as for use with the most popular basal insulin, which is glargine.
Vincent P. Mihalik: Sure, Dan. Catherine, first and foremost, we have launched in the U.K. in July, and towards the end of August, beginning of September, we launched into Germany and only mentioned the big 5. Obviously, still have -- ahead of Spain, France and Italy launches to go. BYDUREON is off to a great start in Germany. We've seen a very nicely weekly share of market increases in the GLP-1 space with uptake for BYDUREON being very good with minimal erosion of BYETTA, so a net growth for exenatide in share of market. In the U.K., we're seeing -- we're getting access pretty quickly from some of the public trusts. They're clearing about twice as fast as they did for Victoza, so we're seeing a nice uptake there. And of course, you probably saw earlier this week that in the U.K. we did get a preliminary recommendation from NICE, which is of course subject to public comment and final view, but it's an important step towards reimbursement in the U.K. So we're pretty pleased with what's happening so far. It's a relief. And obviously, data takes a little bit longer to come from Europe than it does in the United States. But overall, we're monitoring the major countries in the EU for what happens with launch uptake and we're going to apply those learnings we pick up to fine-tune our U.S. launch. We're very pleased with our plans so far, but it's a great opportunity to fine-tune.
Vincent P. Mihalik: Okay. Thanks, Thomas. Yes actually, given the fact that Victoza launched in Europe first, and obviously the people are interested in more longer-acting GLP-1s who weren't looking for so much the postprandial effects. We did see the acceptance of, I'll say, the more convenient dosing. I do expect that when BYDUREON launches, that there will be more of an impact on Victoza share that on the BYETTA share. We expect some erosion, of course, from BYETTA but most of it, I think, will be remains since a lot of it, I think, is on the postprandial effect that BYETTA has.
Vincent P. Mihalik: So Thomas, just a follow-up. I haven't actually gone back and made the comparison, but I would expect it to be very similar if not better. And the only reason I make that comment is, of course, uptake in Europe for wholesalers is a bit different than in the United States. The pharmacies tend to do -- order when they have a script as opposed to stocking. But I would expect that the uptake is pretty similar.
Vincent P. Mihalik: Yes [indiscernible] you or me in terms of the [indiscernible]. So yes, in the emerging markets, we do have plans to launch in a lot of the countries in the emerging markets and of course in Eastern Europe as well. In fact, we've already launched in Romania, just as an example. So yes, that's part of our plans. We didn't disclose any of our launch dates, but we clearly have plans to do that.
Vincent P. Mihalik: Well in volume, probably not, obviously. But I do expect that we are seeing very nice GLP-1 growth all across Europe. In fact, if you look at, I'll take the big 5, just the ones we keep track of more closely, we're seeing about a 67% growth for GLP-1s in that space. And in fact, as I speak, we're trending towards probably $1.5 billion to $2 billion globally for GLP-1. So it's a robust market, it's growing. You're seeing additional growth in adoption by physicians. And I think, since the entrance of the second GLP-1 agonist, I think doctors are really beginning to see the unique benefits of GLP-1 therapy against other classes. They're looking at the convenience, the better tolerability, and I think all of that bodes very well for BYDUREON.
Vincent P. Mihalik: Yes. Thanks, Dan. So yes, being at the EASD was really a very nice experience for me because I did get to see physicians and healthcare providers react to BYDUREON at the Lilly booth. It was great to see the reactions that they had both to the efficacy and safety data as well as to the custom dosing kit. First and foremost, on the efficacy and safety, DURATION-6 is actually probably one of the lower hemoglobin A1C reductions we saw across the continuum. And when you show the doctors the full, I'd say, composite of all of the different studies and all of the different reductions in hemoglobin A1C, you see the very positive effect it has on hemoglobin A1C and the efficacy. Doctors were very pleased with the better tolerability you see with BYDUREON versus BYETTA or Victoza. And I would also say that they were very pleased with the custom dosing kit. In fact, several -- I watched several different doctors go through the experience, and many of them said it was easy and very straightforward and their patients can do this. Even if it takes 10 minutes, they could do it for once a week. So it was a really good, positive experience. It fits with what we were trying to achieve with the -- many of those strategies that they use in Europe actually were the beginnings of work that was done here for the U.S. launch so it reinforced what we were hoping to see and the expectations we had around the full complement of studies that we have on BYDUREON with the DURATION series.
Vincent P. Mihalik: So Cory, I am expecting more, I'll say, new patient starts. I think the profile that BYDUREON has is much more attractive, given that it's delivered once a week. It's a first in class, once-a-week medicine we've never seen before in terms of treating diabetes. I think it's a real opportunity to really make a difference for patients with diabetes. And so some of the ones struggling today on orals that have in the past not been comfortable necessarily going to an injection, I think once a week's going to make a big difference for them. We will see some switching from GLP-1s, don't get me wrong, but I do believe the greatest opportunity is for new patient starts.
Vincent P. Mihalik: Terrence, sorry. Terrence, thank you for the question. Actually, we are seeing some erosion of Victoza and we are getting new patient starts, so it's a mixture. It's a very early data, though, so it's hard to say where that's actually going to end up. We're pleased with what we see so far and the fact that, as I commented, we're seeing very nice -- we're off to a nice weekly share of market start in Germany. And it's been a net growth for exenatide in terms of share of market. So overall, we're pleased with the start.
Vincent P. Mihalik: So Dan, I'll take this question, if it's okay with you. I do have the German information. Obviously, really there's the pricing in the U.K. and Germany. I can't comment on out-of-pocket cost. I don't know that off the top of my head, Terrence, so we'll have to get that for you. But in Germany, the price for BYDUREON was set pretty much at the -- at a premium, a slight premium to BYETTA but equivalent to the Victoza, I would say, the 1.2-milligram dose. Between the 1.2-milligram dose and the 1.8, the 1.2 in Germany is about the same price as BYETTA, so there's a slight premium to that but less than the 1.8-milligram dose. And in the U.K., it's a very similar pricing arrangement.
