Giovanni Caforio: In terms of phasing for OpEx, we expect it to increase quarter-over-quarter at a similar pace to the first half of the year. Based on that and the strength of the business, we are reaffirming non-GAAP diluted EPS of $7.35 and $7.55 for 2021. This quarter, we remain pleased not just with our performance, but also with the considerable progress we've made in executing our launches, and advancing our pipeline. I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you Chris. Let me ask Chris Boerner to answer your question about Opdivo, and then Samit will make some comments on the profile of Mavacamten.
Giovanni Caforio: a research area that we committed to, in fact, as part of the cell gene research strategy a few years ago, we are really excited to have a number of early programs that are continuing to advance, is primarily driven by a really interesting set of external partnerships. Let me ask Samit to give you more detail on both of those topics.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Samit. And with respect your first question, Tim on the IP litigation for Eliquis, first of all, as you know, we're very pleased with the decision that was made by the court in that summer, which really confirms the strength of not only the composition of matter patent, but also our formulation patent. And as you mentioned, there is an appeal that has been filed and the hearing is scheduled in September. So we look forward to hearing the result of that process.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks for the questions. There's really good dynamics on Reblozyl. Let me ask Chris to give you a better perspective before we call our Iberdomide with Samit.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Luisa. Let me say, we're really excited getting ready for deucrava. There is no delay, but I'll ask Samit to give you more perspective and then Chris will talk about commercial preparation.
Giovanni Caforio: Let me just say that with cell mods, we have been discussing the progress with this platform for some time, and I think it's really good to be seen now than we have 5 of those agents in the clinic, and the Iberdomide data is really the beginning of looking at really important proof-of-concept data on a number of assets, and I'm really pleased that this platform is progressing so well. I think it's going to be really important for us going forward.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you Samit, and thank you all for joining us today. As we've discussed throughout the call, we had a very successful quarter. We delivered strong results, consistent with our strategy by continuing to grow revenue, execute on new launches, and advance our pipeline.  I'm proud of what our team have accomplished so far this year, including the attainment of several important milestones, and I'm really encouraged by what we are doing for patients, I believe we're very well positioned for the future.  I'd like to thank everybody for participating in the call, and of course, our team is available to answer any additional questions you may have. Thank you and have a good day.
Chris Boerner: Sure, thanks for the question, Chris. So let me start with the COVID impact. We have seen a recovery in the I-O market really coming out of Q1 and into Q2, and I would say that is recovery on multiple parameters. First, we've seen new patient claims. While they still lag pre-COVID levels, they've certainly improved quarter-over-quarter. I-O demand continues to recover versus the pre-COVID levels, and in fact grew about 5% quarter-over-quarter. And importantly, we've seen an increase in in-person engagement. Oncology still lacks other therapeutic areas, but increasingly, our field teams are able to engage live with our customers. And that's going to be really important, given the competitive nature of a number of these markets like first-line lung cancer. So I would say in general, COVID continues to be dynamic really across markets, and certainly that's true in oncology, but I would say there's been a general improvement as we exited Q1 and into Q2. As for how things are going in gastric cancer, I would say the gastric launch continues to go really very well. As you know, we have multiple indications now in gastric cancer, and I would say that in general the first-line metastatic launch is going quite well, our share is roughly 35%, and that's being led really by the gastric segment that we see really good utilization of Opdivo plus chemo in both GEJ and EAC as well, we're seeing use across all CPS levels. As you would expect, the majority is in the greater than 10%, but we are seeing strong uptake in less than 10% as well, and I would say execution has been very good. And in fact, we have the number 1 share of voice and we continue to build new trials, which is important at this stage in the launch. So overall, we're very happy with the performance in gastric.
Chris Boerner: Yeah. I would just reiterate what Giovanni just said. The commercial and medical launches for both products continues to be very strong.  We've seen good execution across the teams. Importantly for both Abecma and Breyanzi, the profiles for these products are resonating well with customers, in the case of Abecma as a first-in-class BCMA -targeted cell therapy and for Breyanzi as a best-in-class. One of the things we've seen across both products is there’s significant unmet need.  That's particularly true in the case of Abecma just given the fact that there are no other opportunities in many cases for these patients. And as a result, we've seen very strong demand for both products.  What I would say is for Breyanzi, the focus continues to be on ensuring the sites know how to manage these patients well, continuing to sell the best-in-class profile that we have with Breyanzi, and we're increasingly seeing interest in patients being referred to clinical trial sites who are managing that well with Breyanzi.  For Abecma, I would say the focus there continues to be engaging with customers around manufacturing capacity. As we had said previously, this is a space where because of the significant unmet need, and because we are the first BCMA targeted cell therapy in this space, the demand for this product has outstripped our current capacity to manufacture.  What I would say is the sole focus that we have there is on steadily increasing manufacturing capacity. We have a very strong team that's in place focused on this. We’re engaging obviously internally and externally with third parties including regulators to increase the number of slots that we have available for patients, and that's going to be the main focus on that product for the coming months.
Chris Boerner: Sure. So as I said in the previous question, our focus continues to increase the available capacity that we have for this product, as I think we've discussed previously. We had increased the number of slots that were available for patients to August, and so we were able to increase to meet the demand in August, at the same time, we continue to see a shortage of vector that that is something that's been affecting multiple cell therapy products, and so we're keeping an eye on that, and what I would say, Terence, is that the situation on vector supply continues to be fairly dynamic.  And so with respect to when supply we'll ramp significantly. I would say that rather than put out a date that would likely shift, I'll just say that this continues to be a top priority for us. Our sole focus continues to be on increasing the supply to meet the near-term anticipated commercial demand.  And then, obviously, we have a longer-term focus on ensuring more stable, long-term supply for vector that would be available to support both of these products. But that's where the situation sits for Abecma.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Andrew. Let me make just a couple of very high-level comments and then Samit will take both of your questions. So first of all, with respect to IO, I think we're really excited about the opportunity to launch our third I-O agent potentially soon, which is Relatlimab in metastatic melanoma. And that really shows how we are progressing and extending, in fact, the strength of our I-O franchise. With respect to the CNS, again Samit will address your question in more detail. From my perspective, I'd like to say is this is
Chris Boerner: Thanks for the question, Carter. So with respect to COVID I would say it's very similar to the answer I gave previously on COVID, I think the dynamics in that market are still evolving, we've not yet seen a full return to normal.  But what I would say is in the quarter, we also there saw an improvement both with respect to new patients entering the clinic and being given access to therapy, as well as importantly, again, our field team's ability to interact with customers, and that's going to be really important here because you've got to continue to push on an urgency to treat these patients, many of whom have been treated for considerable time on ESAs.  So those dynamics we think are very favorable and bode well for continued growth opportunities for us as we go into the second half of the year. And with respect to the XUS launches, say it's still very early days, but what we've seen is very good customer reception in early-launch markets like Germany.  The execution in those markets have been good. As COVID continues to improve there and we're able to engage with customers more, we see those dynamics continuing to improve over the course of the year. And then we have, of course, additional launches as access at this period, most notably with Belgium, the Netherlands, France, and Italy in the coming months.
Chris Boerner: And what I would say in terms of the commercial and medical build-out is that's well underway. We feel very good about where we are and the quality of the teams that we've been able to put in place.  Medical has been in place for a number of months, and I would say those teams have very deep dermatology experience. We obviously have our key internal roles that have been filled, and are in the process of building our launch planning. Our plan is and has been to build out the sales teams in the second half of this year.  We feel very good about where we are in that timing, and our anticipation is that we're going to be ready for launch whenever the approval comes, and so really no change in how we're thinking about building out the commercial teams.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks Chris, I would just -- thanks Chris, and Chris, I will just take on the Mavacamten question that you asked, and I guess the question is emerging from the Redwood data that we recently shared through a press release. And while it's truly an apples-to-oranges comparison, if we were to indulge in that, I would say that we don't see a differentiation as might have been perceived, and the reason for that is, if you'd look at it from an efficacy perspective, the measures were at a different time-point first of all, 10 weeks versus a 30-week trial for EXPLORER. Secondly, the differences or the primary endpoints that were measured were at rest and with valsalva maneuver who were in the Redwood trial versus during exercise. So if you were to compare those apples-to-apples, there is no differentiation that we see. From a safety perspective as well, when we talk about decreasing the ejection fraction, if you start with a higher ejection fraction, of course you will not see as big of a decrease below 50%, which was the case in the Redwood trial. We have patients enrolled in our EXPLORER study with a lower rejection fraction of 55% or lower. And therefore, when we compare apples-to-apples again, in fact, if anything, we could turn out to be better. At the end of it all, I would say we need to wait to see the data in the Phase 3 trial for the competitor molecule. We already have our Phase 3 data. We've already submitted and look forward to bringing it to patients with a PDUFA date in January.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks. And maybe I can take on the deucrava question in terms of ulcerative colitis for deucrava. As you know, with the TYK2 inhibitor, we know the downstream effect is the inhibition of IL-12 and IL-23 pathway.  These mechanisms are already proven to be effective in ulcerative colitis. So, we're truly looking forward to seeing the data at the end of the year from our Phase 2 study where we will get to see the induction data comparing deucrava versus placebo.  So we know what success would look like because there is proven mechanisms out there. We know what the efficacy that we would be looking for in a Phase 2 study to initiate our Phase 3 program. And the good news is, we also have the Crohn's disease study ongoing which we will lead out next year. So, a broad program that we will be able to take forward to really get the Phase 3 data to impact the second half of the decade following the Zeposia launch right now in that disease.
Samit Hirawat: In terms for Milvexian or Factor XIa inhibitor, what I would say is that what we've seen, that's far from the total knee replacement study. We are very pleased with that. The trial showed exactly what we anticipated it to show.  And we do believe along with our collaborator, Janssen, that we do need the second trial data as collectively the two trials will form the basis for the clinical development plan. Remember, in the first study in the TKR study, we you only have about two weeks of dosing with a single-agent Factor XIa inhibitor, whereas in the second trial, in secondary stroke prevention, we have the background therapy of doublet antiplatelet therapy as well, went up to three months of dosing.  And so that longevity will be important to understand the overall safety profile, and that will obviously then be able to go into Phase 3 program. Not only just [Indiscernible], but we're thinking of other indications as well.
Samit Hirawat: Andrew, I think from a CTLA-4 perspective, as you know, we have three molecules and developing the backup CTLA-4, probody non-fucosylated and fucosylated molecules. The trials are ongoing, as you said, very well, and we are actually looking forward to see the data towards the end of the year, as well as in early part of next year.  That will certainly pave the way for new trials, looking at combinations with our pipeline, with Opdivo as well as other molecules that you just heard from Giovanni, we have [Indiscernible], and then new additions to our pipeline with Tigits as well as the ADC that we recently acquired.  Those clinical development plans are being formulated and appropriate indications are yet to be chosen based on the activity that we would see from these trials. To your second question on the recent approval on Alzheimer's disease and then how to see that data and what to do with that, we do believe, as Giovanni said, that our focus on neurology and neurodegenerative disease has continued to be there and will continue actually to increase from there onwards.  The way we look at that data is now that the threshold has been set from a regulatory perspective -- it was hard to gauge before what endpoints to really shoot for and what was the threshold.  Now that we know what the threshold is, it is now probably going to be better or easier to develop studies because there is the regulatory path forward. As you recall, we recently had announced our collaboration with [Indiscernible], and looking forward to make our way into the clinical studies with that Tau inhibitor with a differentiated mechanism that we will be able to take forward, more to follow in the future.
Samit Hirawat: Actually it's from multiple myeloma perspective, we certainly remain the leaders in multiple myeloma, and want to continue to progress on that path, and we have a very strong pipeline as you very well mentioned.  There are 3 pillars to the multiple myeloma strategy. Number one, the cell mods, and we intend to use the cell mods as the future backbones replacing the IMiDs that are currently out there. In that regard, the strategy is two pronged. One is a single-agent entering in the late line of therapy.  The first data we've seen with Iberdomide already, and then next year we will see the data for [Indiscernible], the second cell-mod, which is more potent. And then progressing them further up the line in terms of combinations, you might see on clinicaltrials.gov, we've already announced and are initiating a trial in patients who have received two to three prior lines of therapy, as a combination of Iberdomide, the [Indiscernible] compared to Velcade to dexamethasone.  And that strategy will continue as we go further up the line with the cell-mods. The second pillar is the BCMA targeted therapies. First of which is already approved, that is Abecma. And the idea for Abecma will too again move further up the line for eligible patients who can receive cell therapies.  CARMA3 is currently enrolling, looking at patients who have received 3 prior lines of therapy, and then intention would be to go further up the line again for the right patient population. Now, not all patients can get cell therapy because of comorbidities or other reasons, and therefore other BCMA directed therapies are going to be important, and that's where the T-cell engagers and the ADC come in to play, but they are very early in development right now, in Phase one studies, and so more to follow on that.  Our prioritization, our belief remains very strong that patients with multiple myeloma still are not cured and we will require combination therapies in the future with multiple targets and multiple modalities and we'll progress accordingly.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Absolutely. For Mavacamten, Tim, we've already filed for Mavacamten, the FDA has already accepted the file. We have a PDUFA date. So those concerns I think are relieved and our -- we are really looking forward to bringing these exciting data, as well as the medicine to patients with obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.  As you know with Mavacamten, we have other plans that are already ongoing and in execution in other disease types as well. So we don't see it as a showstopper in any which way, and looking forward to really the readout on the regulatory side, also bringing it globally to other parts of the world.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks Chris. And for Iberdomide, the way I look at it is. there is a progression of how we move forward, and how we move up the line. If you recall, over the last couple of meetings at ASCO as as well as ASH, we've been able to show the overall profile for Iberdomide, because of it's tolerability, the combinability is good.  So we've been able to combine with Dara, we've been able to combine with KYPROLIS, as well as with Velcade. So this is just one of the first studies that we have launched in the Phase III setting in the randomized trials.  As you know, there is a Phase II study that is also ongoing doing a head-to-head comparison of Revlimid vs. Iberdomide in Europe through E&M, and we will get to see the data that will form the basis of the future Phase III trial there. And there will be other studies that will be coming through, where you'll start to see the comparisons versus the [Indiscernible] as well.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thanks, Giovanni. And Luisa, thanks for your question as well. There is one thing that we need to remember; that this is an NDA, not an SNDA, and certainly two very large studies.  This is a priority for the Company. We are certainly looking forward to launching in the second half of next year and certainly we will share the acceptance of the file as the file is validated by the regulatory agencies.  There is no other way to say it, but we are excited about the data with the efficacy and the safety that you've shared before.
Samit Hirawat: So for Factor XIa, Steve, what -- when I say we got what we wanted is it was a multi-arm study where we looked at single daily dose as well as BID and it was a dose range. What we wanted from the study was to give us an inkling on, number 1, the safety profile that we were observing, as well as to see what is the goals that we should take to Phase 3.  And that's what we intended from the study and that's what we got. And plus, we wanted to see the therapeutic index overall, what dose range one can use in the future programs and that's what we got. Of course, you'll hear more as the data are presented later this year, but this is where we started off in the TTR study and that's what we got.  On the Deucrava study that you asked about what the cardiovascular risk questions, etc., from the regulatory agencies, of course, we will not comment on our conversations with the regulatory agencies. Having said that, you've seen the data, we've shown what the non-existence of the cardiovascular risk, in the follow-up that we have for Deucravacitinib, and we're very pleased with the profile that we currently have, which is very differentiated.  On the Mavacamten side, once again, not commenting on the regulatory strategies and regulatory conversations, but we continue to look forward to the PDUFA date in January, and we are certainly very excited with the data on that side as well.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Matt. For Factor XIa from the secondary stroke prevention, the aim of the trial is to be able to see if Factor XIa can be combined with the background therapy of anti-platelet agents.  And that's what we're looking forward to, because as you recall, Factor Xa inhibitors that are out there have a higher risk of bleeding when they are combined with anti-platelet therapies. So that's what the good outcome would look like if we can actually manage that risk profile that is there, and that will then pave the way for taking it forward into indications that are to be discussed with our partners and of course, with the agencies in the future.  For cell mods, as Giovanni already shared with -- in his prepared remarks, you've seen the data from the Phase 2 trial of Iberdomide. we're looking forward to having those conversations will be with the health agencies, based on the overall response rate data, and the overall profile that we have for Iberdomide, and then that will pave the way for seeing if we can bring the drug to market with these data or not. And we'll share those as we know more.
Samit Hirawat: Let me start on the Factor XIa, I will hold myself from commenting on anybody else's studies, but certainly there's a specificity of the antibodies that we have to keep in mind. On the other hand, then you have to keep in mind the oral versus IV aspect of things, and oral versus subcutaneous, which will be very important in the future development and the patient burden, as well as the healthcare system.  So we'll need to continue to monitor that, and then we'll compare the results when full results are available for our program, and then other programs as well, as we take into account Phase 3 development.  For Deucravacitinib, as we have previously talked about, we are looking forward to the approval in the second half of next year, so we're not waiting for additional studies from that perspective, unless of course, they become a part of the conversations with the health agencies.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you for the question. For Factor XIa we are pleased with the profile that we have thus far for Factor XIa that is in the clinic already, the milvexian molecule. We do have a backup, but that is progressing, as one would always have a backup plan, at its own pace, we're not accelerating that.  We are looking forward to seeing the data for the secondary stroke prevention study early next year, and that will then pave the way for Phase 3 program. Nothing more to add from that perspective at this time.
