Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, John. Good morning everyone. Well, we just completed another good quarter of Bristol-Myers Squibb, good in terms of financial performance and good in terms of clinical results and regulatory milestone. Overall, revenues were 3.9 billion, a 7% increase over the last period excluding the diabetic business that we still had in the second quarter 2013. We delivered strong growth of our key products in particular of Eliquis and Yervoy. For Eliquis, we continue to execute against our strategy to clearly capitalize on a differentiated and unique profile. And we continue to improve the persistent trend generated by the increased resources, we and Pfizer have been devoting to direct-to-consumer advertising in the U.S. and to sales force expansion and peer-to-peer medical education activities in all countries. We also make good improvement in access, and the level of Eliquis is expanding beyond atrial fibrillation. We just received a positive recommendation for approval in Europe for the treatment of recurrent DVT and pulmonary embolism and subsequent approval the final registration should be formalized in August. The same indication is under regulatory review in the U.S. Yervoy also had a very strong performance this quarter. Best quarter ever with $321 million in sales, a 38% increase over the last period. We continue to see strong demand worldwide. As we advance and expand our immune-oncology leadership position, we continue to view Yervoy as an important component of our strategy both in mono-therapy and in combination regimens. With respect to other regulatory developments, the big news this quarter was our recent Japanese approval of our hepatitis C dual regimen, daclatasvir and asunaprevir. Because of significant development for the 1.2 million hepatitis C patients being in Japan, many of whom currently have no treatment options. It was also significant for our company for Bristol-Myers Squibb. This was the first approval of our dual regimen anywhere world and this is the first time the first approval of one of our product and in fact two products at the same time occurred in Japan, something that underscores the global nature of our company. And while the Japan approval was the first, we also expect important news in other key markets starting with Europe where the CHMP has given daclatasvir a positive opinion for use with our agent. This has also been a very important quarter for Opdivo or nivolumab with key data presentation, new regulatory development and new collaborations that enhance our global development portfolio. We presented important data at ASCO regarding renal cell carcinoma, lung cancer and melanoma as monotherapy and in combination regimens.  A double blind Phase III Opdivo study in melanoma was stopped for a very good reason. The data was too good to keep patients under treatment with the traditional chemotherapy to which it was compared.  In the U.S. we recently announced our plan to seek marketing approval for Opdivo in advanced melanoma with the filing with the FDA in the third quarter. This is an addition to the raw information in lung cancer that we are previously initiating and that should be completed by the end of the year. For Europe we have just received confirmation this morning that the CHMP Daklinza accelerated assessment formula static melanoma, we expect to complete our European metastatic melanoma submission in Q3. And yesterday we completed a strategic collaboration with Ono pharmaceuticals to help address the unmet medical needs of patients who have cancer in Japan, South Korea and Taiwan. This follows the approval Ono received for Opdivo in Japan making it the first PD-1 approved anywhere. We will have more important milestone for our immuno-oncology program in the coming months including regulatory submissions and data readouts. We are definitely uniquely positioned and we believe we can realize the potential immuno-oncology without our deep and large portfolio and our experience and committed people. Taken together this was a good quarter one that reflected our balanced approach for delivering strong results today while building a solid foundation for tomorrow. And now I will turn the floor to Charlie. 
Lamberto Andreotti: Okay a few questions. Let me start with BD and I don't know Charlie if you want to add something to what I am going to say, but on BD, the criteria that Charlie mentioned in his remarks apply to both immuno-oncology and other areas. So to answer your questions, we’re looking at opportunities in both immuno-oncology and other areas, and the concept is always -- the goal is always to add things that make our overall portfolio stronger which is a selective integration of external R&D and internal R&D.
Lamberto Andreotti: This is Lamberto. Giovanni will tell you a few things about our plan for FC, but it's one thing for sure that we'll not tell you is about anything about prices, Mark. It is clear that we will not disclose anything about prices until we reach the market and there is a lot of attention we are giving to this subject internally before we reach a final decision.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, Giovanni. Well, again, we had a good second quarter, good in terms of financial performance as well as clinical results and regulatory milestones. We thank you for participating to this call and wish you a good day. Thank you.
Charlie Bancroft:: Anything I would add in regard to IO, we are pioneers in this space. We have a lot of assets. We have deep knowledge and great scientists. So, we tend to be a strong partner of choice within the IO space and we will continue to look for deals in that area that makes sense that meet our criteria. And we continue to at look at ideas across the spectrum outside of IO. As you know, we signed the iPierian deal earlier this year which is one indication of things that we’re looking at.
Charlie Bancroft:: Good morning Colin. We have an exciting second half of the year in terms of data flow. We have the O-63 results [indiscernible] results coming up with the multidisciplinary symposium in forensic oncology in October. We are very excited about our hematological malignancy data in both non-Hodgkin's and Hodgkin's lymphoma which we would be presenting at ASH in December. We clearly have data coming in house for O-17 and O-57 and during the next few months O-69 and as far as the CheckMate 37 and CheckMate 66 in melanoma, we are talking at the moment to our investigators to determine exactly our presentation and publication strategy but we are very excited about the data and we are looking forward to sharing that with the medical community over the next few months.
Charlie Bancroft:: All our large studies have data [indiscernible] committees in them who would obviously look at safety of the product and of course in the case of 066, they were looking to adapt and it turned out to be stop because Opdivo was actually superior. What I would say, and I think it’s a very important point is even though this in ClinicalTrial.gov says it’s an open study, we are keeping blind to this, so we do not see what is going on in the study and I think that’s an important point. Thank you.
Charlie Bancroft:: Just quickly on 2015 expenses as you know we don’t give out forward guidance but I would say though that we are committed to making all the right investments as we think about our business moving forward particularly as you think about IO and hepatitis C both on the R&D side and as Giovanni just mentioned on the commercial side. We also always are looking at where can we find savings across our P&L that really aren't directly focused on the areas that we think are going to drive long term growth.
Charlie Bancroft:: I think in terms of our ongoing studies Jeff, we have a lot of studies early on, triple negative breast but also in GASTRITIS, in terms of surely pancreatic and so on and so forth. So, we acknowledge there is a lot of medical need and a great opportunity to go through with it. So, we are looking at all of these and obviously we'll move stuff forward as we already have in the last few months if feel as a real opportunity there, thank you.
Charlie Bancroft:: Yeah, I will just briefly on Marc, regarding the tax rate. Our tax rate is primarily a function of earnings mix but I would say for 2014 a big component is the R&D tax credit which hasn’t been extended yet by Congress. So, that’s why you will see fluctuation so through the first two quarters it doesn’t reflect the benefit of the R&D tax credit, will only reflect that once that legislation is passed. 
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, thank you and good morning. So we indeed had a good quarter with Eliquis. In the U.S., we had a very good quarter in key international markets and I’ll make a couple of comments about both areas. In the U.S. we saw good progression and trends with a 40% increase in NBRx volume and a 50% increase in TRx volume versus the previous quarter. Interest in notably in cardiology which is really our area of primary focus, our NBRx share grew to 38% but interestingly we also started seeing really good trends and progression in primary care where our NBRx share grew significantly to 28% versus the previous quarter. What’s driving our performance in the U.S. is really first what Lamberto mentioned the strength of our profile and our clinical data, second, solid execution of our strategy and I'll point to a few things. First, we clearly have set an objective to continue to strengthen our access position and in the second quarter we were able to continue to make progress with formula relisting of Eliquis in now over 90% of our target hospitals. Second, on the access side, we were able to add a preferred status with approximately 20 million incremental license in the U.S. we had good success with Caremark and well point and now we have very strong preferred access to the tune of about 60% on the commercial side and 80% on the Medicare side. And this obviously is a development that will continue to generate growth going forward.  We have very competitive investment levels in the U.S. and leading share of voice in cardiology and primary care and we continue to make investments in medical education and in DTC advertising.  Thinking about the U.S. as Lamberto mentioned, we had an ongoing file with the FDA for BTE treatment and we think that is a meaningful opportunity going forward first broadening of our label, reinforces the strength of our profile, it also continues to result in growing our prescribers base and we consider that to be very important. Just a couple of comments outside of the U.S. we have strong performance in European in those markets that were reimbursed first like Germany, we continue to make key inroads against Pradaxa and Xarelto in other markets like France that launched recently enjoyed very strong initial uptake.  Outside of Europe and Japan which is another one of our priority markets, you will remember that at the beginning of the year, our initial reimbursement restriction was lifted following that we had a very rapid acceleration of our growth and I am really happy to report that in terms of the dynamic segment Eliquis is now the leading agent in terms of the ability to capture new and switch patients in the market we are leaders with a 40% share in the total dynamic segment. We are leading in terms of the switch share and approaching Xarelto in terms of the new patient shares so very strong performance there as well.
Giovanni Caforio: Seamus, this is Giovanni. Let me just take the question on HIV first. Obviously this is a market where we have strong presence, we have over 35% of all the markets through regimens and it is a very competitive market where we've seen the entry of a number of new competitors that are impacting the dynamics and trends there. With respect to Reyataz, we have seen a decrease in our volume and TRxs in the U.S. are down 8% in the quarter versus previous year. That’s driven really by two factors, its driven by the launch of new STRs and the increased penetration of STRs in early lines and the night setting where the share of Reyataz has traditionally has been quite strong and also it’s been driven by an acceleration of the growth of integration inhibitors. We obviously have a number of programs in place to continue to support our program we just point to the U.S. filing for our FDC of Reyataz and Cobicistat we think that’s a meaningful opportunity. It under review of the FDA and obviously we're very focused on that. Outside of the U.S. we see some similar trends in Europe but also I would say that year to year comparison for the international business which is down 16% versus prior year are really impacted by timing of significant tenders in our business in Brazil that are impacting both the Q2 to Q1 comparison and substantially the comparison to previous year.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, Mark, just a couple of comments, and this Giovanni. Just a couple of comments on hep C. So as we’ve discussed before we have clearly a global strategy in hep C that’s centered around daclatasvir as an ideal component of multiple regimens, but we also have in that context specific regional strategies and we’ve made progress across the board during the quarter. So obviously Japan is the number one priority for us because of the approval of the dual and the significant unmet medical need in genotype 1b patients in Japan.  We are conducting as we speak pricing negotiations in Japan and we are confident that we will be ready to launch at the beginning of September and that clearly we see as a very significant opportunity for us. We received CHMP positive opinion for the use of daclatasvir in Europe in combination with multiple other agents and we believe that our opportunities in Europe with daclatasvir because of the existence of segments of the population of high unmet medical need that are particularly well suited to the use of daclatasvir in combination with sofosbuvir and potentially other agents and obviously we're getting ready to launch in Europe. And as you know, we do have an ongoing filing with the FDA for our dual regimen and we are -- we see that as an important event as well.
Giovanni Caforio: And with respect to -- this is Giovanni, with respect to the hep C opportunity in Japan, yes we are very focused on it, it is a meaningful opportunity. We are first in the market. The unmet medical need is very high approximately 1.2 million patients in Japan, 70% of them with genotype 1b. A population that is disproportionately elderly and intolerant to interferon in Japan. We are launching the dual starting from a very strong position because of our leadership position in hepatitis in Japan and the very high market share we have with Baraclude. That’s one of the largest markets around the world for us for that brand and we’ve made the right investments in order to have the right organization in place to launch. We believe that our dual is particularly well suited to address the unmet medical need of patients in Japan. As I said, we are negotiating pricing. Obviously, we will be targeting at the beginning those patients that are already being diagnosed, that are already actively seeking treatment. There is approximately 150,000 patients that are currently seeking physicians and are seeking a treatment option. There is a second segment of the population of approximately the same size which is also diagnosed but not actively being seen by physicians. That’s an opportunity for us as well and obviously in the medium term, the full population represents a significant opportunity for us as well, but we will be rethinking about the different stages of the launching very rapid sequence there.
Lamberto Andreotti:: Good morning Tim. Let me say that risk rate, we have started the rolling submissions we expect to complete it by the year’s end. The base is all the submission is O-63 data but as you appreciate there is substantial data that will share during the second half of the year that would be available to the FDA but beyond saying that we've had regular and productive discussions with the FDA, I won’t comment further on our regulatory timing or our strategy. So about five M&A to a never made statements about small size being our target and we are not going to make it today, so we continue to use the criteria that Charlie described and looking at different sizes of opportunities. And going back again to the criteria that Charlie described, financial criteria including that criteria is important, but for us technology products are important and therefore tax inversion per se is not an individual target that we are going after.
Lamberto Andreotti:: Thank you, Seamus. Let me just say that the O-57 non-squamous study, it is as you say an event driven study the timing of which is around about the end of the Eliqus does depend a lot on the events and as you appreciate as patients go longer and hopefully get more survival benefits, the exact of that depends a bit on what’s happening in the study but it is an interim analysis.  As far as the EAP for the combination is concerned, as you noted that is now open, its CheckMate-218 and it is the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy in untreated melanoma patients and that of course is to try and meet the need of patients following the excitements around the CheckMate four days that was presented at ASCO and the unprecedented prolongation of survival in that exploratory study. I do want to add however that in addition to the last question about O-69 there is also we have O-67 CheckMate O-67, which is a phase III study in combination, there is a big focus for us in the combination because we think it has the potential to offer unprecedented not just duration but increase the number of patients that might have benefit. That is a phase III study comparing Yervoy, Opdivo and the combination primary end point of [indiscernible] like most of our phase III study has the optionality to look at shorter end points. So, EAP program is part of just a broader approach to both monotherapy and we think importantly combination therapy. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti:: Good morning Steve. So, first of all let me say that the CheckMate 12 study is ongoing and is informing us with in house data about the design for a potential upcoming study in lung in the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy and I will say it’s informative and we are still on track to initiate that study before the end of the year. As far as the O-17 study, I think you have to be careful, we all have to be careful about comparing different patient populations in different studies because it can often be misleading.  So for instance you brought up the example of the REVEAL study. And I think in the REVEAL study the patient population that is normally contraindicated for angiogenesis therapy was actually not included in that study. That was about, we believe about 25% of the lung cancer population has a lower functional ability and might well explain if that's excluded why Docetaxel actually look better in that study. But I think the general message is we are comfortable with the population we have in the 017 study, we think it’s a good population to represent the potential we believe Opdivo has for prolonging survival and showing overall survival in lung cancer. Thank you. 
Lamberto Andreotti:: Good morning, Mark. I think there is elements to the analysis question and both of which have been much informed by our long experience with Yervoy. The first one is the timing of the analysis and the other as you say is the analytical model. Let me take the analytical model first of all. Traditionally, median overall survival is being used to measure the effects on the Kaplan-Meier curve.  As we've shown with Yervoy, we are beginning to see now is Opdivo much of the benefits if you are looking for (durable) [ph] responses and overall survival is seen in the bottom part of the curve later on in the clinical trial. So we use the proportional hazard ratio to make sure we capture that survival benefit.  Now the other issue of course is if you don’t wait long enough for patients in the study, you run the risk of missing that benefit, because you’ve analyzed it too soon. So again our experience here is very important both to understand the model and [indiscernible] the right time to do the study and of course that was why we moved back the indication of the timing because we are able to shift our model and understand how to do that.  As far non-Hodgkin's lymphoma at ASH, let me make a general comment that we are getting increasingly excited about our portfolio in hematological malignancies, certainly in terms of Opdivo, you will be seeing data at ASH for non-Hodgkin's and Hodgkin's lymphoma. I think you have to make your own judgment about that, but what I will say is we were interested enough, excited enough by that data to start up mid stage studies, which I will say are recruiting very well. But we also have the combination study ongoing with Sprycel in CML. And of course we have our elotuzumab which again in multiple myeloma that gives us a real opportunity. So we're very excited overall about the expansion of our position in hematological malignancies. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti:: So, I do want to start with hep C. We consider virology as one area of focus for us in terms of our presence in HIV, our presence in hepatitis B, and our presence now in hepatitis C. And it is clear that we continue to look at opportunities also in that team that area. And I think I don’t want to repeat again but I will, but we have the [indiscernible] that Charlie mentioned before that if we keep in mind and they apply also to biology. Biology remains an area of focus for us.
Lamberto Andreotti:: 2015 is a bit too early to speak about it and we will issue guidance as usual at the right time, so apologies but we'll not address your question 2015.
Lamberto Andreotti:: Alex, thank you very much. Basically as I said the CheckMate 12 is very informative, we are designing the study we are on track and I think you are going to read about the study design and the dose in ClinicalTrials.gov when it’s actually published. Thank you.
