Chris Boerner: So thanks for the questions, Jeff. Let me start with cell therapy, so we're very pleased with the performance really of both Abecma and Breyanzi. In the quarter we saw a very nice increase in demand for both products. There was some bolus for Abecma still reflected in these numbers, but the underlying demand for that product looks very strong, the same is true with Breyanzi. We're very happy with the commercial execution for both of these products. We now have over 70 accounts that have been activated across both products.  And the majority of those accounts have been or plan to imminently use one or both of the cell therapy products. So overall, I would say the commercial performance continues to be very good. As has been mentioned already, we are actively managing the supply constraints of those mainly are impacting Abecma. And as David mentioned in his remarks, we do anticipate that Abecma sales in the fourth quarter are going to be roughly similar to what we saw in the third quarter. And we are, of course, continuing to stay very focused on managing through the vector supply constraints.  I mean, anticipated being in a much better position on that front as we get into the second half of next year. But, again, stepping back, as Giovanni just mentioned, we're very happy with what we're seeing in the marketplace on cell therapy and it confirms the opportunity we have to build a strong position here. With respect to Opdivo, the performance for the quarter for I-O was really in line with expectations. We saw very strong double-digit growth relative to same time last year. And while sales were flat, as you know, from Q2 into Q3, that was, as David mentioned, a function of inventory dynamics coming out of the second quarter.  What is important here, is that we had very solid growth in the quarter. We had solid growth relative to same time last year and quarter-over-quarter. And that growth was in the key tumors that are going to drive near and medium-term growth for the I-O Franchise. Notably in gastric cancer, where we've seen a nice uptake since the approval in April, in renal cell cancer, we continue to see very strong demand and we've seen coming at the end of the quarter some nice growth in first-line lung cancer. So overall, if you step back, we were very confident not only in the continued growth for Opdivo this year, but importantly, the momentum going into '22.
Chris Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the question. We are well on our way to building out the U.S. commercial and medical teams and feel great about the quality of the team that we're pulling together as well as the commercial readiness. The medical teams have actually been in place for a number of months. We've managed to hire a very strong team with deep dermatology experience. Their key in office roles have been filled and they're in the process of executing against launch plans and we are building out the sales teams now.
Chris Boerner: Yeah. So we feel very good about the performance that we're seeing for as the Posey. And you see, and let me start with execution. The execution of the team really, since approval, has been very strong. We've got very good awareness for the product. The unaided awareness now is over 60%, aided awareness is well over 90% since approval. And you see we estimate that we have around 400 trialist that have already begun to utilize the product. Virtually all of the gastros that we survey who are aware of the Posey are interested in trying it. Frankly, in spite of a still relatively restricted access environment, the sales teams are having very good success in engaging with customers both in-person and remotely.  So from an execution standpoint, early days, but we feel very good about where we are. As you note, access is going to be -- continue to be something we pay a lot of attention to. We feel good about our ability to start generating volume this year and into the first part of next year. And we think that volume will build momentum as we get into the second half of 2022 when we begin to get additional, more favorable access with key payers. But so far, the UC performance that we're seeing commercially is very, very strong and very happy with where we sit.
Chris Boerner: Yeah. So just on Zeposia very quickly. We have -- we don't anticipate that any potential change. on the Tecfidera would have an impact on us. We've seen very limited competitive impact of generic Tecfidera that's predominantly been cannibalization of branded tech and then obviously a shift in the utilization within that portfolio. Our focus on Zeposia in the EMEA side continues to be not only establishing ourselves as the number one SP, which we are right now in terms of written scripts, but also becoming the number one oral. And so our focus will continue to be, in a very disciplined way, focused on that.  And let me just give the commercial perspective on the second-line CAR T setting, and then I'll turn it over to Samit. When you look at that second-line setting, generally, you generally see that population divert into those physicians who tend to be very focused on transplant. There's a sort of defined segment of those physicians. There are a number of physicians who are very open and look for opportunities to avoid transplant where possible, and then there are a number of physicians who really take it on a case-by-case basis. And so we're excited about the data that we've seen so far, And look forward to seeing that data continue to play out and be presented at ASH. And we'll adjust obviously accordingly from a commercial standpoint, Samit.
Chris Boerner: So just quickly on Abecma. Yes, we've commented on how we anticipate Abecma sales growing in Q4, and we've also said that we are staying very focused on increasing vector supply as we get into the first half of next year. I don't have the ability to give you any additional information for next year but, obviously, we'll continue to update you on future calls.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you for your questions. On the first one on Deucrava, let me just start by reiterating our confidence in the data which differentiates it and establishes it as a potential best oral therapy of choice in the future for patients with psoriasis. In terms of the filing, as you very well know, we don't comment on when we file, but we certainly do make it public when the file has been accepted, validated, after we have filed out for the indication. So we will certainly make you aware and everyone aware when we hear as time comes. But having said that, we do anticipate bringing the medicine to patients in the second half of 2022, as we have said before. On the question on ulcerative colitis, You're right in the sense that the dose required in ulcerative colitis, Crohn's disease, or IBD in general, is going to be 2 to 3 times higher than what we see for psoriasis. And we've seen that for other molecules as well. And that is the intent of the ongoing trials, to test out these doses. We obviously have not shared exactly what doses are being pursued for confidential reasons and competitive reasons. But we are looking at all avenues in terms of looking at the impact from not only PK, but the PD outcomes as well and we'll continue to follow those and those will be the reason -- the ways to define a proof-of-concept in this disease for pursuing further in ulcerative colitis. In terms of the MK2, S1P1, BTK additional data, those trials are ongoing. As you know, these are in the Phase 2A, Phase 2B settings where we have multiple indications being pursued in BTK in the same trial in the autoimmune space, S1P1 also. Additional work being done in Crohn's disease, for example, for Zeposia and for MK2 as well, data is evolving. I can't say that you'll see the data in '22 or not, but certainly we'll make it available as soon as we have evolution of the clinical outcomes for these data.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Tim. For LAG-3, the overall survival data of course, is dependent on the events. We're going to continue to follow them and we'll share the data once available through our medical conference, but certainly I'll make you aware of it. We have to remember though, that in I-O therapies, more important than those hazard ratios are going to be the shape of the curve and we're going to continue to watch out for that. And we'll share that when that becomes available. I cannot tell you exactly what the timing would be at this time. From a development program perspective? Yes.  The first line melanoma study read out we submitted, we have a PDUFA date for March of 2022. We have initiated the adjuvant trial in melanoma at this time. We have a randomized phase 2 study on rowing in non-small cell lung cancer and plans to initiate phase 3 trials later this year or remaining at the end of this year or early next year. And we have a randomized scarred trial ongoing in parul carcinoma as a proof-of-concept generation. Likely, as you know, has had a history for a long time where we didn't have any data. So one has to ensure that the proof-of-concept that we're following are going to be strong. And we believe that the trials that we have ongoing will give us that data to go forward.  For digit if you recall, there is a proof-of-concept in non-small cell lung cancer, and that is a different tumor type and different value in terms of the tumor micro environment. So we have to judge the scientific data and put that in that perspective as we look for new tumor types to explore. And we 'll certainly keep you posted if new tumor types are added in the LAG-3 program as well. For mavacamten, we are certainly comfortable with the data that we have from the explorer trials, from the efficacy perspective, as well as safety perspective. We have a PDUFA date for January of next year.  We have not heard from the FDA in terms of what additional data would be required. We certainly don't comment as to what the outcomes will be and how the ultimate decisions will be made by the agency but we continue to engage with them. And as is usual for any filing, the back and forth in answering questions continues. But that is not unusual as we look at Mavacamten or any other drugs.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you. And in regards to the TYK2 inhibitor, the long-term data that we continue to follow these patients we don't see the profile differentiating in any other way than what we've already disclosed before. And we believe this is a TYK2 inhibitor with not having a jack like signature. The overall profile from the lap parameters perspective, cardiovascular perspective, infections perspective remains stable as the data have been shared before. So we are looking forward to continuing the engagement with the agencies as we go forward and looking to bring it to patients in the second half of next year.  As far as the jack and labeling in RA as well as other ambitions are concerned. Again, these are going to be in the future as we go into discussions with the regulatory agencies, we don't see it as a JAK inhibitor, so we're not really thinking about it like that, will continue to update you once we get more sound place in terms of advice, if there is any to be shared.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. And just as a minor thing to add over here is, as we talk about the doses, without getting into the specifics of it, I can tell you that we selected the doses which are higher than what we use in the Sciences Program based on PK modeling and taking into account the historical experience. We will certainly say that we are at this point, we don't know if these higher doses will translate into efficacy or not. That's the proof-of-concept we're trying to get and once that is available, that will certainly pave the way for the future program, we will need to see what the data are from the next trials that we're pursuing right now, both in Crohn's disease as well as an ulcerative colitis.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. And just starting from where you left off in terms of the portfolio, we have a very broad portfolio which means that when we conduct our clinical trials, we do them globally. Including those in the Asian countries. And when we file the data, we have to provide subset analysis by region or sometimes even by country. And that's how we seek approval in some of the regions and countries in the world, including in Asia. As it comes to the PD-1 inhibitors, where we have conducted clinical trials globally and across the 20 yard indications our 12-plus tumor types that have now start approvals.  We don't see a major difference occurring because of regional differences or population differences. That doesn't mean that representation of larger populations may not be required in clinical trials. So when I -- just keep that in mind rather than thinking about a singular country trial will lead to approvals or not.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah, and just continuing that excitement from a data perspective, we truly are looking forward to sharing the data at ASH from the second-line study. And BFS in this particular case is accepted endpoint from a regulatory perspective. So looking forward to certainly getting engagement with the agency and getting this again to the patients as soon as possible. We will obviously continue to follow patients for overall survival. And as is required for cards and therapies long-term safety follow-up as well. So those data will evolve and will be shared in the future at the current time, the primary endpoint of this study was BFS, and we have that in hand and that will be presented.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Absolutely. Thank you, Steve, for your questions and some starting with Lupus as you know, that we will first of all, we get the data for our Deucravacitinib at the beginning of next year, we have a Discord Lupus study that is also ongoing, which will readout in 23 or later part of that, we have a couple of other assets and early developments which are on controls.gov, which we have ongoing studies looking at Lupus as well. So we do believe that we've covered a broad range of targets and broad range of medicines being explored in Lupus and one of those are several of those could be pursued for the future.  From an 11a perspective, four Milvexian has, we've said at AHA, you'll see the data. And there are two things to really takeaway. One, the intent of the study was to define a range of those that will be pursued for future evaluation in Phase III, once the data from SSP study is also available, so that collective data set then leads to the decision-making for future exploration in indications as we go forward. Second, we wanted to see a differentiation in terms of not only efficacy, but very importantly from a safety and bleeding risk perspective.  And when we think about that, it is going to be important to pay attention to major bleed and minor bleed and overall bleed. So those are the kinds of things that you probably will see at AHN, and than we can certainly have a discussion in the middle of next month and we have the presentations for the investors meeting.
Samit Hirawat: And in terms of Zeposia, we have obviously got the indication for MS, as well as UC, and the drives in are ongoing in Crohn's disease, we currently do not have any plans in the mild-to-moderate patients with UC at this time.
Samit Hirawat: And as it relates to the doses, again, on Deucravacitinib and UC and CD. There are some similarities in the doses, but we have optionality over here to amend them and change the dose and dosing patterns here. So we will continue to work with RDMC as well as our clinical trial teams are looking into the data to see if there are any adjustments needed for either of the 2 trials.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Let me take your questions here, Giovanni. So first of all, on Revlimid generic entries, nothing has changed there and let me just reiterate what we've said before and what we see happening next year. So next year, we will begin to see a volume limited generic competition in the U.S.. And at the same time, we expect to see generic entries for REVLIMID EX-U.S.. That's consistent with what has always been our understanding, it has not changed, it has been fairly clear in our filings and we're preparing for that. The second thing that I would like to say is that if you remember beginning at JP Morgan, we clearly articulated on how we think about the Company, during the period of loss of exclusivity for Revlimid and Pomalyst.  And we expect to be able to grow the Company In fact, we've articulated low-to-mid single-digit for the total Company and low double-digit for our continuing business through 2025. And when we provided that perspective, we obviously were reflecting our understanding of the Revlimid erosion. And I think the conviction that we have that we can continue to grow the Company is really driven by the belief which is proving right that the combination of strong growth from our in-line products and namely, Opdivo and Eliquis, combined with the strong uptake of our launch brands, which is happening would more than offset the loss of exclusivity of Revlimid internationally next year and then over time in the U.S.  So what I'm not going to give you exactly a percentage of erosion for next year, and we definitely will have an opportunity to talk more about this when we eventually provide guidance for the year. What I can tend to you is that our belief remains strong and I think that our perspective that we're able to grow sales and earnings per share applies to next year as well. And so nothing has really changed there. Now, with respect to your second question that speaks to what are our priorities as we renew the portfolio in the face of LOEs, First of all, I think we have a rapidly evolving portfolio of new medicines that has tremendous potential, where we're executing multiple launches well.  And I think our priority is always going to be first to maximize the opportunities that we have in a very, very reached late-stage pipeline. At the same time, we have tremendous financial flexibility as David said. And obviously, we've seen for - - we've said for some time now that business development is a priority for us as we think about allocating capital. And that continues to be the case, at the same time as I've said before, we will be disciplined as we think about the BD. because we do have many opportunities to deploy our capital to accelerate growth. And I also believe that our capital allocation strategy will continue to be balanced, where as David mentioned, we have a history to look at our dividend, and we have increased our dividend consistently over the last several years.  We've done that double-digit in the last couple of years. And looking at share repurchases year-to-date, we've repurchased 3.5 billion. We have an existing authorization for another 3 billion this year. And obviously, we'll continue to look at that as well. But I can tell you that of course, I understand the focus on LOEs, at the same time as we believe that we are executing really well on a plan to renew our portfolio, and we have tremendous financial flexibility to continue to make the right moves to do that.
Giovanni Caforio: Let's start with Deucrava commercial investments in preparation for the launch. Chris and then David on synergies.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. Before I ask Samit to comment on the Ducrava dose, let me just say, Carter, we're not going to comment on any ongoing litigation. I just want to say that that litigation is really not related at all to the BMS Program or any backup that may exist. So they're completely different programs and there is no relationship there.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Ronnie, let me just start there and then I'll ask Samit to comment on your question about PD-1 development. So let me just start by saying that it's really difficult to forecast at this point what price reform. look like in the future. from my perspective, what's important is that any change that is made actually improves affordability of medicines for patients. And that's the lens that we are applying. And from that perspective, there are a number of elements -- of potential reform like establishing out-of-pocket caps in part the redesign of the product these benefit to reduce to reduce the exposure of patients that we support.  And we also support some changes, like introducing market forces in Part B. Very difficult to answer your question with respect to whether a disproportionate impact may happen in oncology or not? I think what's important is that we don't go to reforms that actually impact the ability of the industry overall to continue to invest in innovation. That's the primary primer lens here. I think from the perspective of the MBS portfolio, when you look at our portfolio, it's actually very diversified across therapeutic areas, across actually Part B versus Part D.  And so I can't speculate what the impact of any reform would be on us. I think what's really important is to continue to advocate for reforms that yes, improve affordability of medicines for patients but at the same time, enable us to continue to invest in innovation and some of the hyper partisan scenarios being discussed in Washington would actually impact both negatively.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks very much. So let me just start, I'll ask David to make some comments there. I'll just reiterate what I said earlier that from our perspective, as we think about the period of loss of exclusivity of Revlimid -- first of all, we always said that our perspective or the particular in the U.S. there will be a slope that will be happening over time. We've made a comment in the past, we were more conservative on that slope than consensus. At the same time, we believe strongly in the fact that the growth of the Line portfolio and the launch brands will actually enable the Company to grow through that period. But David can give you a better perspective about the profitability of our business going forward and how we think about that.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, everyone. Thanks again for participating in the call. We had a great quarter with very, very strong performance. The loans portfolio continues to progress in-line brands are growing strongly. We look forward to the opportunity to continue to discuss the evolution of the pipeline and the future outlook of the Company, when we get together in the middle of November for our Investor Day. Team and the rest of his team will be available throughout the day to answer any other questions you have. Thanks and have a good day.
