Daniel Bradbury: Thanks, Michael and welcome to our second quarter call. This afternoon our comments will build on the press release issued earlier today. In a few moments, Mark will provide additional details on the quarter's underlying financial results and comment on our outlook for the rest of the year. Vince will then review our commercial activity during the second quarter and highlight our plans for the remainder of the year. At the beginning of the year, I laid out for you four areas of focus for 2010 that we believe will help maximize shareholder value. I will now provide a brief update on our progress during the quarter as it relates to those goals. First, we remain focused on driving revenue of our existing products. Through the first half, we've not met our expectation for revenue generation. However, we continue to track very encouraging prescription trends for the GLP-1 receptor agonist class. In fact, monthly new prescriptions for BYETTA grew 20% in June; an overall growth for the class remained strong. As we head into the second half of the year, we will continue to aggressively promote the benefits of treatment with BYETTA and SYMLIN that we've established over the past five years. Second, we remain focused on successfully launching BYDUREON. In the second quarter, following our response to the complete response letter, we received a revised PDUFA Action Date of October 22nd. We're confident in our response and are continuing our discussion with the FDA to bring this important new therapy to patients this year. Third, we plan to achieve positive cash flow from operations by the end of 2010 on a sustainable basis and for the full year of 2011. Our non-GAAP operating loss for the second quarter was $7.4 million, a 67% improvement over the same period last year. We remain on track to achieve these goals, realize the benefit of the significant operating leverage we built into our business and drive bottom-line growth. And finally, as we focus on long-term value creation for shareholders, we intend to continue to advance our pipeline. Our plans to submit the clinical and non-clinical sections of a new drug applications for the use of metreleptin to treat severe lipodystrophy remain on track. With no treatment currently approved to treat severe lipodystrophy, we believe that based on published studies, this treatment could become an important new option to help patients impacted by this debilitating metabolic disease. We also announced earlier in the first half, that in conjunction with our partner Takeda, we have decided to move pramlintide/metreleptin towards Phase 3 clinical studies. This is a key step forward towards making a new peptide therapy for the treatment of obesity available to patients. Additionally, we continue to invest strategically in the exenatide franchise. The development of a pen for BYDUREON remains on track, and we are planning to have it available to patients late in 2012 or early in 2013, contingent on a timely regulatory review. We have also initiated a Phase 2 study of a monthly dose suspension formulations of exenatide during the second quarter and we expect to see data from this study in the first half of 2011, driven on a ground body of clinical and post-marketing data while leveraging the potency of the exenatide molecule and the Alkermes' Medisorb technology, we believe this formulation represents the first truly viable opportunity for a monthly dose therapy for type 2 diabetes. Now, before we continue into a more detailed discussion on recent activities. I will turn things over to Mark Foletta to review our financial results released earlier today.
Daniel Bradbury: Thanks Vince. In closing I'll add just a few more comments. Importantly we've established a clear path forward with the approval of BYDUREON. With the PDUFA Action date set for October the 22nd, we remain in dialogue with the agency and are squarely focused on our goal of bringing this important medicine to patients this year. While we're not satisfied with product revenue this quarter, we will continue to drive revenue from our currently marketed product BYETTA and SYMLIN while preparing for the launch of BYDUREON. Our sales and marketing organizations remain in full prelaunch mode while continuing to educate the market on the dual challenges of glucose and weight control, covering a majority of people with type 2 diabetes. Also as Mark noted during his review of our financial results this quarter, we continue to efficiently manage our business to keep expenses in line with revenues. The direct result of this financial discipline is evidenced by fact that we remain on track to achieve our stated goal of being cash flow positive from operations as we exit 2010. And looking forward we continue to strategically invest in the exenatide franchise and advance our most promising pipeline assets. We are carrying tremendous momentum into the second half of 2010 and we remain focused on executing our business plan while advancing our mission to improve the lives of people with diabetes. I will now ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Daniel Bradbury: Hi Mark, thanks very much for your question, Dan here. So, let me start firstly with DURATION-6. So DURATION-6, we got an update and I think one of the key updates there is the fact that the studies is now fully enrolled and we fully expect to the reporting results in the first half of next year. The study exceeds a 900 subject study, it's an open label study in patient to both monotherapy and combination therapy failures in type 2 diabetes. In regarding your question about the rationale of why we believe that we can demonstrate superiority versus liraglutide, but I think if you look at the BYDUREON results as we reported from DURATIONS 1 through 5, we're seeing a very consistent effect with regards to the benefit of the product in terms of glucose control. The consistency of that fact is significantly different when you look at the reported studies, the lead studies with regards to liraglutide. And so when you go back and analyze that and look at the delta, you will see that is actually pretty significant delta in terms of the reports differences there and with the 900 patients study, it gives us very strong statistical powering to show a difference between the two. So, that's basically the answer to your question, I'll hand over to Mark with regards to clarification on the margin.
Daniel Bradbury: The only thing I will add to that Thomas is that, really three of the last four quarters we have been fairly close in the non-GAAP measurement. One quarter, in the third quarter of last year we actually were slightly positive. The last two quarters you see we've been less than been $10 million. So we certainly believe that the core business and that includes cost associated with prep for BYDUREON in terms of the R&D side as we just discussed in response to Yaron's question, that will move in the income statement. So we're very confident that the expense control that we put in place, it is continuing that we'll hit the targets that we have set.
Daniel Bradbury: Hi Jim, yeah just to say that we continue to be confident with regards to approval of BYDUREON by the PDUFA date. It would be inappropriate of me to give you specific details with regards to ongoing discussions with the agency. However I would confirm that Orville is correct in terms of the process that the label needs to be finalized prior to the agreement on the REMS.
Daniel Bradbury: Hi, Cory thanks for the questions. Regarding your first question yes I would confirm that we do believe that we are in track to start receiving royalties from the beginning of next year. Secondly with regards to the BYDUREON regulatory status, yes it's on track at this point and we expect to receive, well Lilly is expecting to receive approval in the first half of next year.
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah, hi Ian. So, let me take those questions in order, so firstly with regards to hypersensitivity. You know just a couple of comments there. Well, first and foremost, I guess, the most important thing to comment is that there has been no serious systemic hypersensitivity reactions observed in the DURATION program to date.  With regards to your comment regarding BYETTA, you know the -- anything relating to hypersensitivity which included as part of A, the submission relating to because for the submission, of course, we completed a full analysis of the entire exenatide database, that was further updated just prior to the agency completing their review.  It was also then further augmented as part of the complete response. The bottom-line here with regards to hypersensitivity, with regards to BYETTA is that it's a very, very rare event being seen as in less than 0.01% of patients. And we were able to make that statement given the fact that we now have over 1.5 million people exposed to BYETTA and 1.3 million patient years of exposure. I'll hand over the second question that you have relating to inventory to Mark.
Daniel Bradbury: Hi Tom. Yeah, thanks for the question. Yeah, absolutely it will be data driven and of course, we've now completed five of the six DURATION studies. However at this point we also, we don't have a finalized label with the agency and until such time as we know exactly what the claims are that we're going to be able to make to the product at the time of launch, we're going to hold back on finalizing our pricing strategy. I'm also monitoring I would say what's going on in the marketplace as I'm sure, I note that you're acutely aware the environment that we're all operating in these days is changing rapidly and one of the things that we want to be able to do is to take into account the latest data with respect to environmental changes by the time we make a pricing decision.
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah, I want to caution you that it was benefited somewhat by volume, so I wouldn't want you to necessarily to extend that to the second half of the year, we have quarter-to-quarter fluctuations with volumes but we're encouraged to with our managing cost throughout the business including our supply chain. But this quarter was probably a little higher than what you'll see going forward but they're very strong they're over 90% to answer your question on BYETTA markets.
Daniel Bradbury: Yeah, thanks Mario. That's a two very good question. Firstly, with regards to BYETTA longer term, I wouldn't want to guide a percentage here but certainly I think it's fair to say that we do believe that there is going to be a significant place for BYETTA in the marketplace on an going basis and I would in particular point to the fact that we did announce that the American Diabetes Association that we'll be submitting a supplemental MBA provided to be used in combination with basal insulin, before the end of this year as a potential utilization for BYETTA going forward. But I do think that your comment, also with regards to the role of BYETTA in the control of postprandial glucose is also very important and certainly there will be patients who will continue to benefit from BYETTA going forward as a result of the excellent efficacy that we see with BYETTA with regards postprandial control. Your second question was relating to the once a month suspension and the potential for -- I believe those with the [ph] concern that you raised. Last year, we completed a proof of concept study using the suspension in a once a week format and one of the key things that we were looking for in that proof-of-concept study was what was the likelihood of that being excessive release of exenatide early on in the dosing. And one of the things that we were encouraged was the fact that the some cokinetic profile that we saw in that proof-of-concept study actually would facilitate once-a-month suspension.  We are now of course testing that in the clinical study that's ongoing, but I believe it's fair to say that we wouldn't be undertaking that study if we believe that there was a potential for excess and the adverse events associated with the suspension formulation.
Daniel Bradbury: Well, again, thank you to everybody for your interest and to your questions. We have a huge opportunity at Amylin to continue to advance on mission of discovering, developing and commercializing medicines to improve the life of patients with diabetes. Additionally, our leadership team, and the many dedicated employees of Amylin remain focused on building the business today, and laying the necessary foundation to success tomorrow.  If you have any additional questions following the call today, please call Michael York, the head of our Investor Relations team. Thank you.
Mark Foletta: With respect to the 100 million of labor and overhead at the plan, I didn't say that and those are largely fixed costs associated with labor overhead and non-cash depreciation, we said that the depreciation would be approximately half of that and that those costs really are incurred at the plant more or less regardless to production volumes.
Mark Foletta: Yeah Yaron. Let me take your first question, the SG&A ramp. You know don't want to guide that specifically, obviously, it's going to depend somewhat on the timing of approval, and how we incurred the cost. But just remember, it's half of the cost associated with the launch because Lilly will incur the other half. And I want to frame that we will, will hit the guidance that we have given in terms of being non –GAAP positive as we exit the year.  So, that helps you as well. We will earn a milestone, 40 million as I said in the prepared remarks. But we think there is ample room with that to invest in the launch, and make it a successful launch, and still hit our financial targets. Referring to -- I think you referred to it as the switcheroo from R&D to cogs. Yes I'm glad you asked that question. And actually it's a further clarification I think of Mark's question, you really should think of the 100 million of fixed costs. Largely those cost are already being incurred in our income statement.  The vast majority of those cost are already being incurred through our income statement in the R&D line predominantly, and that will transition to cost to inventory, and cost to goods sold. So, economically we really are already burdened in our non-GAAP and GAAP results for the vast majority of those costs.  The incremental costs, in terms of labor and overhead, will predominantly be non-cash as we bring further equipment on, and depreciate it. And of course you will have variable cost associated with materials as we begin to ramp and build inventory.
Mark Foletta: So, we have been -- there has been activity in terms of components. Obviously, the labor and overhead has been incurred, and that has been going through our P&L really since the fourth quarter of 2009.
Mark Foletta: Yeah let me clarify Jim, we didn't really say that R&D was stable at this rate, what we really said was combined R&D and SG&A spending. We have seen three of the last four quarters, it's been right around a 120 million and we think that's a good measure for kind of the core business but for launch related expenses. There certainly will be movements within those expense lines and so I want to caution you to assume that R&D will necessarily will be flat, I think in the short term what you have is duration rolling off with one ongoing and we have got this cardio-vascular study ramping but I want to caution you to be that granular and that you really should think of our income statement as a whole that the operating expenses will for the core businesses around that level.
Mark Foletta: 75% is more important, yeah we have really covered kind of the fix cost that will be spread across fewer units early on, and that's really what's driving that. Again, yeah a lot of these costs are already in our income statement as I've said though. They are not really incremental except for the variable cost that will be added. In terms of guiding the slope of that transition, and the timing, there is a number of variables would play here.  Obviously, our pricing decision upon getting a final label, the rate of demand in uptake in United States, and then the timing of approval, and the launch and the uptake outside the United States, which will significantly help that leverage as Lilly will purchase those units from us. So, to guide a specific transition at this time or the timing is not appropriate. One thing I would want you to think though is that you think a blended exenatide margins don't include both BYETTA and BYDUREON and certainly earlier on as BYDUREON is ramping, you will have a higher percentage of the higher margin product BYETTA, which the margins are very strong as you know. And also this cash, non-cash situation that we talked about as you are ramping BYDUREON, the non-cash portion is more significant than it is at steady state. So, the metric of cash flow that we are focused on will benefit from that. I think now just to finish off, we are really confident that the growth that we can generate from BYDUREON will generate significant gross profit dollars, and the financial leverage and the model to hit in our business to hit the mid-term financial targets that we've had, which is, as you know, non-GAAP, positive non-GAAP results for 2011 and GAAP profitability by the end of next year.
Mark Foletta: Well, that's a great question. And I don't think it's actually anybody on this call is in the right place to answer that question. So, what I would do George, is I will take that question on advisement and we will get back to you. Thanks very much.
Mark Foletta: And then your last question was really, looking out in the future of pen margins and I just say that, a little too early to guide there other than we believe that we'll generate pharmaceutical type margins certainly within the range that we're seeing with, at least with what we're seeing with the first form of BYDUREON.
Mark Foletta: Certainly, in terms of what growth drove the gross margin improvements was just increased deficiency in terms of our operations and in terms of what we're able to achieve with a contract suppliers, Tom.
Vince Mihalik: Thank you, Yaron for the question. Obviously, we are more than satisfied with revenue in the quarter but we are seeing some positive trends. As I commented on the call, we are clearly seeing in our NRx growth that's now translating to a very positive month-to-month comparison. As you know, we saw a 20% growth in June, and we saw an uptick in TRx of 4.2% in month-to-month in June so a good strong trends.  My comment would be that we are seeing growth in GLP-1 market, and as I commented on the call, the four week moving averages, definitely show a TRx trend, that's a 11% growth and NRx up 38%. So, clearly we are seeing additional writers now prescribing in the space and a move towards greater proportion of GLP-1 usage.
Vince Mihalik: Hi, Thomas. It may or may not. In terms of the goal for the company, obviously, the milestone is dependent upon the launch of the BYDUREON. If BYDUREON doesn't launch, then we won't incur the additional cost that are associated with the launch of the product. Either way, we are sticking to our guidance of being positive operating cash flow by the end of 2010.
Vince Mihalik: No. Again, Thomas, we don't give guidance specifically with regards to revenue, and I think that that will be too close to guidance in that regard.
Vince Mihalik: Jim, maybe just one thing I would add to what Mark said and that is I would emphasis that we will continue to invest in exenatide going forward. Mark mentioned the EXSCEL study but also the BYDUREON pen as well as of course Phase 4 support for the launch of BYDUREON and further the once monthly formulation which is ongoing at the moment as well. As well as our obesity programs which we have of course the partnership with Takeda.
Vince Mihalik: Thanks Jim. Yes actually I do we think we're seeing some improved persistency. We have been focused on patient program we call BYETTA By Your Side and I do think that has helped us with persistency. But that's not the only variable that's occurring here. So, it's a piece of it but it's not the whole picture but it does contribute to the improvement we're seeing in NRx.
Vince Mihalik: Usually we provide stability data as part of the NDA and obviously the FDA reviews that and comes back and gives you a recommendation from their perspective as part of your label.
Vince Mihalik: Yeah so Tom, thanks for the question. This relatively small impact on BYETTA monthly from switching which I think is what's behind your question in terms of giving color on share loss and it's the bulk of I think the likely patient switches are behind us at this point. For now the growth in the GLP-1 markets is clearly going to have to come from new patient starts and we are starting to see that as I said in the new -to-brand data that we're seeing the GLP-1 class surpass TCDs and DPP-4 as a percentage of what endocrinologists in particular are prescribing. But we are seeing growth in adoption throughout the GLP-1 market and as I commented during the call the new-to-brand is up almost twice what it was and that's both for PCPs and endocrinologist and although GLP-1s are growing fastest with endocrinologist, 75% of scripts for GLP-1s are coming from PCPs. So, we clearly do see an opportunity for BYDUREON in this segment particular given our unique advantages for type 2 therapy with greater glucose lowering when compared to most of the frequently used brands in this space and particularly with the potential for weight loss, low risk type of hypoglycemia, acceptable tolerability all in giving the continuous control in one sweet dosing format. We think that's going to be very attractive.
Vincent Mihalik: Yeah Thomas. The timeframe I'm talking about for the same week moving average that I talked about in TRx and NRx and when I talked about the new to brand sub segment growing a 138%, that's since the launch another GLP-1 in the market space. So we're seeing since that launch a big growth in new to brand and in fact that new to brand growth is where we're seeing GLP-1 surpass TCDs [ph] and DPP-4s as a percent of what physicians are prescribing in the diabetes markets. So it's very strong growth. The second part of your question Thomas, I tried to pick it up.
Vincent Mihalik: No we definitely saw re-growth in new to brand for our own product and obviously that's beginning to translate now into growth in NRxs that you're beginning to see.
Vincent Mihalik: Well, it's a comment I made in the call itself. Thomas we saw a 20% improvement month-to-month in June just in NRxs.
