Tim Power: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Chris Boerner, our Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Adam Lenkowsky, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you'll note, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can use to follow along with for Chris and David's remarks. Before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statement. During this call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. And with that, I'll hand it over to Chris.
Tim Power: Question, please. But before we do, just a reminder. It's obviously a busy morning for everybody. And to the extent, you can keep to just one question so we can get to as many people as possible. We would appreciate that. So let's go to our first question, please.
Tim Power: And maybe time for one or two more. Let me go to next question for now. And then one after that, Andrea.
Tim Power: Thanks, David. So I think that was it for the time that we have. But I thank you all for joining the call today. I know it's a very busy day for all of you. Hopefully, you get a sense from the discussion this morning that we exited 2023 with good momentum to capitalize on the strategy that we have articulated about how we're going to navigate this decade. And of course, we look forward to sharing the progress against that on future calls. And with that, we'll close the call. And as always, the team is available to answer any questions following today's discussion. And I hope all of you have a very good day and a good weekend. Thanks.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Lisa, for the question. From Abecma perspective KarMMa-3 data, we've shared updated data at ASH last year. And as you saw, it was very clear what is driving the overall survival curves. It's because of the crossover that the patients have allowance for the progression of their disease on the standard-of-care arm. And therefore, that curve does benefit and therefore you see much of impact on that overall survival benefit that these patients are getting. We are very confident and we are very much looking forward to having that dialog and discussion with the regulatory authorities and looking forward to getting this product to the patients as soon as possible. So the second part that you asked about the label updates that the FDA is seeking right now for all CAR-T products around T-Cell malignancies. Once again, we've treated thousands of patients. And from our perspective, as we look into our data, we do not see a positive relationship two (ph) CAR-T cell therapies in terms of Breyanzi and Abecma. So we will continue to have the dialog with the regulators on that as well as we look to the final wording the FDA will decide. With that, let me pass it onto, Adam.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. Thank you for the question, Matt. Look, we are in the dose escalation phase. As you can recall, we have to go through one patient by one patient in the beginning, but very soon we'll be able to treat a number of patients at the same time. I can't give you a number in terms of how many patients we intend to treat at this time, but certainly the trial will remain open as we want to certainly get a good understanding of the efficacy and safety profile at the right dose for patients with SLE, who have advanced disease. We do intend to present the data later this year, emerging from the first trial. In terms of what the next steps would be, we will be engaging with some data in hand with the regulatory agencies in terms of defining what the trial should look like. In this particular case, would a single-arm open-label study such as has been done with immunological malignancies? Will that be the acceptable approach, or will the regulators require a randomized approach? Those are yet to come, but certainly looking forward to the emergence of this data and presenting that later in the year.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Steve for the question. Very thoughtful as always. What we can tell you is the trial is continuously progressing -- on all three trials of Af, secondary stroke prevention and ACS. Enrollment is going very well. And certainly, the DMC continues to oversee the trials, and we do not have any indication from the DMC otherwise. We will continue to look at the data from a perspective of safety, as well as the DMC will continue to look at the data. There's nothing more to report at this time. I would say one thing, though, that assuming just because a competitor trial failed for whatever reasons and the doses that they picked, we don't have that same philosophy. We actually did conduct two very well designed studies. We picked differential doses between atrial fibrillation versus SSP and ACS, and those are the reasons to believe. And we will certainly be looking forward to the readout of these trials in '26 and '27.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Evan. I think it's a good question, and the reason we believe that it is important for us to be able to highlight this are multifold. Let me start off by saying, remember last year at R&D Day, we had said that there are two platforms that are very critical and we believe in, and we are continuing to progress on them. ARLDD, the molecule is the first protein degrader from that platform that goes into solid tumors. And we wanted to absolutely be able to demonstrate that it is, as we anticipated, it is progressing well, showing efficacy and manageable safety profile in patients with late-line prostate cancer. As you saw from the data, the PSA-30, PSA-50 reductions, the durability of that -- and those are truly correlated if you look at the data sets as well as in literature, the correlation of that impacting the overall survival. So we are truly excited about what we've seen thus far. We are of course enrolling more patients. We are in the dose optimization phase. We've had interactions with regulatory authorities and now planning for initiating the next phase of development registration trials within the next six months to twelve months. Let me just pass it over to Adam to comment further from his perspective as well.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you for the question. Obviously, we're looking forward to seeing the data for Opdualag, a randomized Phase 2 study looking at the combination of Opdivo relatlimab plus chemotherapy comparing to Opdivo Chemo. The intent of doing this is twofold. One, we wanted to get the contribution of component question out right away so that we can show the contribution of relatlimab on top of Opdivo with chemotherapy. And number two, we also wanted to plan this study so that we can -- when we do go to Phase 3, the appropriate control arm that is most widely used right now is pembro-chemo. And therefore we are set for that, dependent, of course, on the data. So later this quarter and this year, you will be able to hear about the data. And then based on the data, we will be making decisions on where to go with this drug.
Samit Hirawat: Yeah. Thank you for the questions. The way we would look at it is that the competitor data actually further strengthens our confidence in Camzyos. And within the Camzyos clinical trials, we now have three Phase 2 trials that have read out with amazing transformational data. You've seen the data for Explorer, you've seen the data from Weller, and recently we had the readout of a Phase 3 trial in Japan as well, which replicates the results that we've already seen for the first two trials. As Adam would tell you, we've treated now thousands of patients and that data also continues to showcase the efficacy of the drug as well as maintains the safety of the drug. As you will see when the data are presented from the real-world setting at ACC, what the overall safety profile of the drug is. So in general, what I would say is that Camzyos lives up to its promise of a transformational potential for the patients. And any patient who goes on that drug usually doesn't want to come off because of the benefit that they're achieving.
Samit Hirawat: So thank you. Thank you for the question, Akash. Look, our confidence in trial remains very high. And the reason for that is if you go back to the first publications of the Xenomaline trial, that was a study that was published, I think in 1997, in fact. And if you look at that data, that was a positive trial, which tells us that M-1 M-4 muscular agonist (ph) do work over there. The obvious issue over there was the toxicity due to the peripheral muscarinic agonism that was seen. So that combination with Trospium has led to obviously better outcomes as we saw in schizophrenia. The trial in AD psychosis is right now at the beginning stages, so the doses are being tested right now. So it's hard to comment on what the dose utilization would be, whether patients will be on the highest doses. It's too early to tell. We'll have to get into it. But of course, Karuna and us, we continue to operate as separate companies right now. And once the transaction closes, then we'll be able to get deeper into it and look at what the future looks like. So we'll be talking about it at a later date. Thank you.
Adam Lenkowsky: Thanks, Luisa, for the question. So we do expect growth in 2024 for Abecma. Commentary is a key catalyst for growth this year. And as Samit said, we do look forward to the ODAC to reinforce the benefits of Abecma in a triple exposed patient population. As you can imagine our commercial teams have been launch-ready for some time and we're also seeing continued strong international performance. And we'll launch both Abecma and Breyanzi in a number of new countries this year. We've stated that, we're seeing continued impact from additional BCMA agents. This is a highly competitive market and putting some pressure on Abecma growth. But our teams are squarely focused on opening new accounts, expanding our site footprint, not just internationally, but also in the U.S. And coating the gap on efficacy perception, including solidifying any misconceptions around Abecma's efficacy and reinforcing Abecma's safety profile, particularly as it relates to CNS neurotoxicity. So taken together, we're confident in Abecma's profile, looking forward to the ODAC, and I'm confident that will be more competitive this year.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. So thanks for the question, Chris. I mean, we're coming off a good quarter and we have a strong foundation for growth to build upon. We're focused on continuing to accelerate our new product portfolio and maximizing the ten launches that we've had over the last four years. We're certainly prioritizing the execution of our new launches and adding investment to accelerate the performance of our growth portfolio for products like Camzyos, Sotyktu Breyanzi. You've also seen the strong performance from Reblozyl and Opdualag. We also have some of our growth products like, Eliquis and Opdivo, which will continue to contribute significant growth in 2024. And finally, we're readying for the launch of KarXT in September, which we're excited to launch this product, which will be the first new treatment in decades for schizophrenia, and also brings a multi-billion dollar opportunity to the organization. So adding it up, that's why we're excited to continue to drive commercial performance in an important 2024.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. Thanks, Charlie, for the question. So we're not going to comment on the pricing of subcu, but what I can say, as you know, we announced positive results of our subcu Opdivo study in the quarter, and we anticipate a launch early next year. As a result, we have the opportunity to potentially benefit thousands of patients well into the next decade with subcu Opdivo. I think an important thing to keep in mind, remember, subcu has the potential to address the treatment burden for both patients and physicians due to less than 5 minute infusion time. And we've talked about our ability to convert roughly 30% to 40% of the overall U.S. Opdivo business into subcu. And that's why we would expect to see this franchise endure into the next decade. So we certainly look forward to bringing this important formulation both to patients and physicians.
Adam Lenkowsky: Great. Thanks, Andrew. Let me just take the second question first and then I'll answer as well, the bridge question. So Sotyktu is an important brand for the organization and we are executing into our plan. We shared last year, we're focused on two areas. The first is driving demand at the top of the funnel, and the second is, securing access. And of course, as you mentioned, pulling through those patients from bridge to commercial and we're making progress against both. You heard from David, when you normalize sales, excluding clinical trial, orders, net sales increased about 40% versus Q3. And access is critically important in this highly competitive market to drive commercial sales. So we've secured ESI and now Cigna in a one-step position that adds another 40 million lives approximately to complement CVS, which is in a zero step position, will continue to be this year, and that's approximately 25 million lives. And we're actively negotiating with other payers, and look forward to updating you on additional progress in due course. This year, it's really important to focus on increased paid commercial prescriptions for Sotyktu. We will continue to build volume from both new patients that are going to move directly onto Sotyktu at the specialty pharmacies, which, quite frankly, become easier with the improved access that we have now, as well as moving patients out of bridge and onto commercial products. David talked about where we are today, but in Q1, we expect to see around 10,000 paid prescriptions for Sotyktu. And he also mentioned, there will be an increase in gross net due to broader rebating, which was needed to secure improved access, that impacts net sales in Q1. But we expect to see good momentum in growing our base of paid prescriptions this year. And we plan to get roughly double that level around 20,000 prescriptions in Q4. And that volume momentum will more than offset the gross-to-net reset in Q1 as the year progresses. As you also asked around conversion, conversion is going exactly as we expected. We've made very good progress in shifting patients from CVS from the bridge to commercial products. We talked about taking around two months to three months for patients to move from bridge to commercial, and as a result, you saw that 40% sequential growth that excluded the clinical trial purchases. And so we'll continue to drive demand and work to continue to improve moving patients from our bridge with our ESI and Cigna wins in 2024, and also work to secure improved access in 2025 as well, where it makes financial sense to do so.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Seamus. Thanks for the question. The first-line MDS launch is progressing very well in the U.S. with strong demand, supported by our broad label in an RS-agnostic patient population. Just take you back, we launched in late August, and initially after the launch, we saw rapid switches from ESAs to Reblozyl. But we're now seeing strength in first-line use across the RS-positive population and we're steadily building momentum in the RS-negative patient population, particularly in the community setting, where the majority of patients are treated. We also have, after the ASH presentation, we've heard feedback from both academic and community physicians recognizing the durability of response and the ability to remain transfusion independence as key features of the brand. So we're very pleased with the launch as you know, we're seeing strong sales performance. We expect that to continue this year. And Reblozyl was also approved in Japan in mid-January. We're seeing, nice uptake there and we expect European approval in the first half of this year.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah, Tim. Thank you. So as I mentioned, we've secured additional access at ESI and now Cigna in a one-step position. And so that really is regardless of the product. So that could be a step after Otezla or it could be a step after IL-17s or the IL-23 agents in the market. But what's important is that that adds another 40 million lives to complement our zero-step edits in CVS. So taken together, that's 65 million lives today. And we're continuing to actively negotiate with payers. And we will update you on additional progress, over the coming months.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So we're pleased with Breyanzi performance in the quarter. We saw a double-digit growth quarter-on-quarter. We also expect to continue to make good progress with Breyanzi in 2024, supported by strengthening of our vector supply. In fact, we will see supply materialize even further in Q2 and expand to support our new indications for Breyanzi starting with the plan CLL indication in March, where Breyanzi will be the first and only cell therapy agent to have this indication. As Samit alluded to, we're making good progress in reducing turnaround time out of spec and drug product capacity. So now, as we move through the course of the first half of the year with this broad label and LBCL, and now with three FDA prior reviews in the first half of the year, Breyanzi has the potential to treat the broadest array of B-Cell malignancies of any CAR-T. And these indications, we believe, will double the addressable patient population for Breyanzi. So we're very pleased with what we're seeing, the progress that we're making. We are seeing increases in outpatient use because of the best-in-class safety profile that Breyanzi brings, and we expect strong demand growth this year.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. Thanks, Evan. Thanks for the question. So we're excited about, as Samit said, the platform of protein degradation and as it relates to ARLDD in prostate cancer. This diversifies our IO portfolio even further to complement some of the recent deals. We had a number of KOL and community feedback coming out of the ASCO Gu presentation. And appeals have been enthusiastic about the profile, particularly around the efficacy of the asset, the durability of response. And when we asked community physicians, they were reassured around the safety profile as well, stating that it was a manageable safety profile. And they were enthusiastic about moving this into Phase 3 registrational studies, and look forward to having the opportunity to treat patients with late-line prostate cancer.
Adam Lenkowsky: Sure, Carter. Thanks for the question. So we are continuing to make very good progress with Camzyos. As we talked about, we're investing further behind the brand in unbranded and branded direct-to-consumer. We do expect to see continued steady and consistent growth. As David mentioned in his opening remarks, we're averaging around 1,000 patients on a quarterly basis. Patient and physician feedback continued to be very positive. Remember, these patients are going to be on treatment for a very long time. And taking you back to JPMorgan, if you recall, Chris showed an analog where Camzyos is tracking akin to a very strong TV launch, in this case, Entresto. So this is the way that cardiovascular launches uptake. And we are focused on continuing to drive breadth in our top COEs. We're continuing to expand outside of our top COEs, and we're working to increase diagnosis rates by activating patients via our new DTC advertising. So that coupled with new launches internationally, we are confident that this is going to lead to continued and sustained growth for this important brand.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Thanks for the question. So certainly when we look at the top-line data from SEQUOIA is consistent with our internal expectations, we'll obviously need to see the data set, but ultimately we don't see any clinically meaningful differences in the data. In fact, when we spoke to many TLs after those data were shared, they have stated that apocampton (ph) data appears similar and undifferentiated from Camzyos. They also, of course, want to see the broad data set. They also talked about the difference in PVO-2 being not a clinically meaningful endpoint. And likely any differences are due to differences in patient populations across the two studies. I can show you we will certainly be prepared for apocampton (ph) when it comes to market with our leading cardiovascular organization and we have maintained a consistent view that we will remain leaders in this space. I've also said though, that important thing to keep in mind with this class is we do see that another competitor could be a net positive to help drive awareness for patients with symptomatic OHCM and increased diagnosis rates, which is also really important. Finally, as relates to expansion outside of the U.S., we're just starting to see expansion outside of the U.S. We've launched in Germany, we'll prepare to launch in Japan, in China in mid-year, and a host of other markets. So we'll start to see those sales manifest in the back end of the year and into 2025.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So overall we're seeing solid and continued quarterly and year-on-year growth. As David shared, we showed 66% growth versus prior year. And I think Zeposia has been really tail of two launches. MS performance amongst the oral competitors is solid. We expect continued share growth there. And we're growing in the face of a declining oral market in favor of B-Cell agents. We continue to have an opportunity for continued growth in UC, which as you know, is a very competitive know. We're making progress as volume and share are increasing. We are focused on expanding the breadth of prescribers. We're continuing to position Zeposia earlier in lines of treatment and the opportunity for additional indications like Crohn's disease, the data read out later this year will also add to the sales for Zeposia. So again, we do expect to see continued growth for Zeposia as patients continue to accumulate and physicians continue to gain experience with the product.
Adam Lenkowsky: So, Rajesh, thanks for the question. I'll try to start and then I'll turn it over to David to just talk a little bit about how we're thinking about margin. We're not going to be able to give any additional discussion around where we sit with IRA on Eliquis. We got the initial offer. We're going to follow the process they have and the price will be public in September and we won't be providing additional details around that. But maybe, David can talk to you a bit about how we think about margins generally.
Unidentified Participant: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking our questions. This is Charlie on for Chris. We had a question on the subcutaneous Opdivo strategy for a potential launch there. We heard from one of your competitors yesterday on their potential for a subcutaneous CPI, where they were considering -- what sort of like a careful pricing strategy in the context of potential intravenous biosimilars that could be on the market at the same time. So just wondering how you're thinking about pricing on a potential subcutaneous Opdivo? Thank you.
Unidentified Participant: Hi. This is Serena on for Mohit Bansal. Thanks for taking our question. So I wanted to ask about the Phase 2 Opdualag readout coming out early this year in first-line lung cancer. I was wondering how meaningful you think this data could be considering that the comparator arm is Opdivo Chemo versus Opdivo Yervoy being the approved regimen. Thank you.
Unidentified Participant: Hey, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. This is Kuban (ph) for Robyn. I have a follow-up question on Camzyos. Just wondering if you can talk a little bit about, how you think the recent data from a competitor might broadly impact the landscape in HCM. Obviously, the drug is not approved yet, but do you see these data improving awareness? And based on that, do you expect to see any sort of inflection points? And also can you talk a little bit more about your efforts ex-U.S.? And if we should continue to see steady growth or any sort of inflection points based on the reimbursements that you expect? Thank you.
