Christopher Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the question, Geoff. This is Chris. I'll take it. So first, we're very happy with the performance Sotyktu. It's obviously early days, but as is reflected in the remarks that David just had the reception for the product has been very, very good. The feedback that we're getting on the profile coming from customers is good. We now have over 2,000 scripts. As of the end of November our market share for the oral market in moderate-to-severe psoriasis is roughly 35% for new products. And it's roughly 12% if you look at the overall market, and that's just after two full months of launch. So very happy with what we're seeing in terms of the momentum coming out of Q4.  And as it relates to whether we can accelerate the access position, I think the way we would characterize it is the base case continues to be 2024 for moving into a better access position. That said, we're doing everything we can to possibly accelerate that. We're obviously having good discussions with payers. And the strategy that we have for potentially accelerating that remains unchanged, which is continue to drive demand as quickly as possible for this product. And the good news is we have the profile, and we're seeing the feedback from customers that we think will enable us to do that. As for the impact of biosimilars, obviously, this is a dynamic environment. You've seen a number of movements just in the last few weeks. What I would say is that our approach to gaining access really doesn't evolve based on what we know about biosimilars. We think 2023 is going to be a transition year for biosimilars. Clearly, the strategies of companies and PBMs will continue to evolve. So it's something we'll stay on top of. But as we said right now, certainly, the strategy that we have for Sotyktu doesn't change.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the question, Chris. We're seeing a nice acceleration of both patient and physician dynamics for Camzyos. As I think David mentioned, we now have over 1,800 patients who have been prescribed. Importantly, we're seeing good and increasing conversion of those scripts to commercial drug. You may recall that in the third quarter, we talked about 30% of scripts that converted over to commercial drug. In Q4, that was 50%. So we're gaining momentum there. And the feedback that we're getting from the centers of excellence continues to be very strong. And so we've seen a nice pickup. And what I would say is that, that pickup has accelerated over the course of the fourth quarter. Recall that we are targeting approximately 500 accounts nationally. Those accounts account for roughly 60% of the overall patient volume. And what we've seen over the last quarter is a nice acceleration in the use of Camzyos in those accounts. And importantly, some of the slower accounts that we have been focused on continue to build the infrastructure necessary to get patients on therapy. And so we've seen a nice acceleration with those specific accounts as well. So overall, we feel like we're making good progress as we exit 2022.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. This is Chris. I'll take both of those. Thanks for the questions, Chris. With respect to Sotyktu, we don't see that the Otezla broader market going into the mild category has an impact on us. And in fact, what we're seeing is very strong momentum with Sotyktu in moderate to severe patients. When we talk to customers, what we hear from them. There's excitement to use the product in the full spectrum of our label, which includes not only the severe patients, but importantly, those moderate patients. And then if you look at the uptake that we're seeing so far, it's reflective of the fact that physicians are going to be willing to use it, really both in moderate to severe. So given the fact that we have two Phase III studies that clearly show superiority across that patient population relative to Otezla, we don't see that being a particular barrier with respect to how we think about the uptake of the product. As for gross to nets for Eliquis, for 2022, as you know, we did see some favorability due to mainly the source of business and channel mix. But as you well know, this space is a very competitive space. It's heavily managed. So we don't see gross to net favorability as we look forward. There will continue to be variability across quarters. As we've talked about many times in the past, you do see late year seasonality with a product like Eliquis and gross to nets. But on a forward-looking basis, we don't see favorability with gross and that's with this product.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Seamus, it's an interesting question on the role that free drug programs play in light of IRAs. As I think most of you know, free drug programs are typical, particularly in markets where rebates require that you have a transition period, particularly for new products to make their way into a more favorable access position. Now there's a dynamic there in that those free drug programs are typically targeted to commercial payers. I mean, commercial patients and IRA, of course, is focused on Medicare. That dynamic notwithstanding, I think that you're right, though, that to the extent that free drugs and free-drug programs play out for extended periods, it could have a negative impact when you look at the restrictions and price setting coming in, in nine years. I think what that reinforces for us though is the importance of very strong commercial execution because clearly, what you want to do is transition from free drugs into a more favorable access position as quickly as possible. And so as we just discussed, for a product like Sotyktu, that's going to continue to be our focus. But I think it's a very important question. It's something that we're going to have to continue to monitor as we learn more about the rollout of IRA.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the question. So with respect to market access, we think we have about 10% of patients who are in plans that have open or preferred access. And obviously, that's going to continue to increase as we continue to engage with payers. And as we said, our base case for a much more favorable access position at large across the major PBMs is for 2024, but we're doing everything we can to accelerate that. As for the Bridge programs, Bridge programs are typical in this market, and I think we would typically think about keeping those Bridge programs open until we find that we are in a position where we've got the volume to negotiate a much faster access or more favorable access with the big PBMs. The nice thing that we're seeing, Tim, with Sotyktu is that the vast majority of patients are going into our hub. What that enables us to do is monitor the status of those patients with respect to formulary positioning. And so even if that Bridge program is open, we have the ability to transition those patients to commercial drug, the moment we certify that their plans are able to take them on commercial drug. And so it's a more dynamic process than might be indicated just in the discussions that we've had. In fact, we have the ability to look at this on a more real-time basis. But we do anticipate that those Bridge programs will remain open certainly as we get into 2024.
Christopher Boerner: Yes. Evan, maybe I'll take that one. This is Chris. So we're actually quite happy with the capacity that we continue to -- and actually, we saw with both products in the fourth quarter. You may recall that for Breyanzi, we had anticipated the expansion of capacity would wait until we got into this year. We were very happy to see that expansion be accelerated into Q4. So I think that as we look forward to this year, we continue to see an expansion of capacity for both cell products, cell therapy products, and that's certainly true with Abecma. And I would say the other thing to keep in mind is we've thought about manufacturing, which is going to continue to be an area of focus for us for cell therapy is we have a threefold strategy. First, we continue to stay focused on manufacturing success rates. That's 1 of the more important elements that frankly affect all cell therapy products. It's -- these are complex drugs, they're living products and you have to stay focused on your manufacturing success rate. Second, we've talked at length about vector supply, and we obviously have a number of strategies in play from dual sourcing to increasing the number of suites and ultimately switching to a next-generation suspension vector on that front. And then finally, drug product. And there, it's mainly about bringing additional manufacturing sites online, and we've discussed previously our efforts in Devens, Massachusetts enlightened to do just that.  So what I would say sort of leveling it up is that manufacturing has to continue to be an area of focus for us. We've got good strategies in place, and we've seen those strategies play out with expanded capacity, not only in Q4 but we anticipate through the remainder of this year.
Christopher Boerner: Yes. Maybe I'll start and then switch it over to Samit for your questions on COMMANDS. So with respect to Reblozyl, yes, we continue to see good acquisition of new patients on Reblozyl out of coming out of the fourth quarter. And certainly, we would expect to see that continue into this year. But as you note, where we see the potential for the most significant growth with this product is really first is increasing dosing and administration and ensuring that we've got the right titration of patients. We have seen some improvements in that regard over the last year. In fact, duration of therapy is up 6% in 2022 versus 2021, and we would expect to continue to see, particularly as patients titrate up over time, consistent with the MEDALIST study that, that duration of therapy would continue to increase this year. And then the second big area of focus that we have is getting those patients who are no longer responding to ESAs in the first-line setting to move on to Reblozyl. That's has been a big area of focus for us. And again, here, too, we've made good progress. The time on ESAs has decreased since our approval from roughly 18 months to now roughly 11 months. And so those are the two big dimensions that we have as a focus in 2023. And then obviously, the COMMANDS study provides the next large catalyst for growth. And we think that, that indication will roughly double the opportunity that we have with Reblozyl. But in terms of timing, I think Samit can speak to that.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Steve. Samit here. Thank you for the question. Look, we planned the studies, and we put a timeline with those studies in terms of the enrollment. And then of course, these are event-driven trials. So we'll have to wait for the events to happen before we read out and report the results. So we have to take all of those into account, but of course, the clinical trials we can impact them by looking at what the enrollment rates are and how these trials are involved. So I think what you see on trials.gov is our guesstimate of when the trials are going to be reading out it is that we might be leading out earlier. It is possible our competitors will be reading out later. But these are early days, and we'll update you as the trial progresses if the time lines do shift.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Chris, and thanks, Carter, for the question as well. So we don't have the specifics of the conference right now, where we will be able to share the data. But certainly, we will confirm that as information becomes available. In terms of the filing, again, we do not comment on that until we have -- we release -- we do a press release after the file is accepted. But certainly pleased with the data, as Chris just mentioned, COMMANDS is an important study for moving Reblozyl to the front line where we compared against an active control of ESAs and shown the superiority.
Samit Hirawat: Yes, sure, Matt. I can take that question, Samit here. Thank you for that. Look, remember, we have always said that as we move our programs forward, we always look at the data and we want to see the differentiation of that data and then, of course, look at the landscape and the competitive dynamics as well in atopic dermatitis, there are several therapies that have recently become available for patients, and they're very effective. And so we had set our threshold quite high in terms of making that difference for the patients for atopic dermatitis. So we have seen the data. We do meet the primary endpoint, but we don't think that it has a competitive advantage over what is available to the patients at this time. And therefore, we are not moving it to the registration trials but it has nothing to do with what we saw for cendakimab in eosinophilic esophagitis, where we not only saw a change in the eosinophil infiltration, but also the dynamics in terms of the outcomes of patients for their dysphagia as well as the fibrosis in the Phase II study. And so that study continues and certainly, we'll share the results when the study is completed.
Samit Hirawat: Maybe I can take that again. This is Samit. Thank you for the question. If you think about it, today, there is no JAK inhibitor approved for treatment of patients with psoriasis. We demonstrated the benefits of a TYK2 inhibitor, which has very specific downstream effects on IL-12, IL-23 and interferon, which, of course, is important. And throughout the last year or maybe even more, we've been answering that question of differentiation and protecting from a safety perspective, the profile of a TYK2 inhibitor versus a JAK inhibitor. So if you just move that fast forward now and think about it that for a patient population for whom we've just shown a superiority versus the prior standard of care that was being used in the oral setting, we've shown two trials with that superiority. We've got the data in the Phase II setting for psoriatic arthritis as well as SLE, and we are in the Phase III clinical trials for all of these indications. So I think the profile of Sotyktu is well set now, I think, and the confidence that we have on the data and the evolution of the data is making it very promising for physicians to prescribe it, as Chris talked about earlier. So we will rely on that information and the evolution of the data for our own molecule. I cannot speak to what Pfizer will do when their data reads out. But certainly, I'm pretty sure you will all be asking the question, is a JAK inhibitor right thing to do in psoriasis when there are efficacious safe therapies available for these patients.
Samit Hirawat: Actually, thank you, David. So Olivia, certainly, so TYK2 has two studies in IBD that are ongoing, one of them using a higher dose in ulcerative colitis. If you recall, we do not have a proof-of-concept in ulcerative colitis or IBD at this time. And the -- one of the hypothesis that we want to test is the higher dose of Sotyktu in IBD or specifically over here in ulcerative colitis. So we are looking forward to seeing the data in the latter part of this year. And dependent on that data dependent on outcome, then we'll be able to formulate the strategies as to how to move forward in IBD and/or other indications at the higher dose. You recall, though, that we've also tested higher doses in previous trials and other indications, and our safety profile has been maintained in those clinical trials. So we are not necessarily looking forward to any major signals that could arise at the higher dose, but certainly looking for the efficacy signals.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Andrew. So LPA1 certainly, we're looking forward to presentation of the data within this year, within the first half of this year. And certainly, as soon as we have confirmation on the conference, we will be able to share that information. We did see the news from the competitive program, as you're referring to Roche that the Phase III trial was stopped. We do see that our data, the Phase II data that we've seen thus far are very strong. We've talked about the patient population with no background standard of care as well as in combination with the background standard of care therapies, and we are pleased with what we've seen. We are in discussions on the appropriateness of the clinical trial design with the regulatory authorities, and you will get to see that as we launch that and as we make that public. So more to follow on that in appropriate time to come. But really pleased with that. And the last question that you had on the additional fibrosis programs, we're looking at LPA1 from two perspectives right now. One is the IPF program and the other one is the progressive or pulmonary fibrosis. But that Phase II data is going to be reading out later this year. So we're looking at those two things for now.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you. In terms of your first question around the Phase I that is ongoing with the next TYK2 inhibitor. In general, we always have one or two programs that we look at in terms of having the next generation of molecules in development. And so this is just phases of development of general pipeline that we have additional TYK2 inhibitor. We also have a CNS penetrant TYK2 inhibitor that is in Phase I. So there is nothing special at this time to talk about. But certainly, as the data arises, as the data evolves, we will be able to share those data in the future. For the TIGIT program, remember, this is a trial that was being conducted in patients with non-small cell lung cancer looking at a combination with nivolumab and ipilimumab. And what we have seen thus far, I'm not going into the specifics because those data will be presented at some future conference, but we do see that there is a toxicity that is observed when combined with dual I-O therapy for this particular TGT inhibitor. And so more data to come as we get more insights and more specifics on that and then the presentation will be done. But because of those safety reasons, we have decided to terminate this particular trial at this time.
