Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Dan. Samit will answer your question on Milvexian, and Chris provide some incremental color on Camzyos. Thanks.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Geoff. Chris, why don't you start on Reblozyl and then Samit will comment on oncology strategy.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Seamus. Let me start on pricing reform and then Chris will comment on deucravacitinib. So first of all, as you know, discussions are ongoing in Congress, and it's difficult to speculate exactly on the bill and some of the details. They will be included in the bill. There will also be obviously a long period during which implementation of some of the measures will be clarified and some of the dynamics would be really important to understand. So with respect to your question on would there be an impact to innovation. So first of all, we've consistently said that the elements of reform that improve affordability for patients, we are supportive of. And so as an example, the redesign of the Part D benefit and establishing another pocket for patients. That's very beneficial, and we are definitely very supportive of that. There are elements in the bill, however, which are obviously very detrimental to innovation and particularly price setting by the government at nine and 13 years, obviously have the potential to have a negative impact on innovation overall. I would say that with respect to the impact for our company, there's two things I can say at this point. First of all, it's really not helpful to look at our exposure to the channel today. I think it's important to really understand the dynamics that will develop over the next few years before these policies are implemented. And a couple of things I'd like to say. First of all, obviously, as you know, Revlimid revenues in the US are declining rapidly. Eliquis, we share that 50% with Pfizer. And then importantly, as you think about Opdivo, that loses exclusivity at the end of the decade. So what I can say is that our rapidly diversifying portfolio and a significant number of new medicines that we're launching today and would be launching before some key elements of this policy are implemented, position us well to navigate the challenges associated with reform for the entire industry. But obviously, there is much more than we need to learn, first of all, through a potential finalization of the bill; and second, really understanding better some of the elements of its implementation.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Luisa. I would say nothing has changed there, continues to be an area of great focus for us. We're looking at bringing new science into the company. You are right, the valuations are resetting now for a longer period of time, and we plan on continuing to be very active in this field. It's always been a priority for us.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. Let me just ask Samit to answer your question, both on Milvexian and also plans for deucravacitinib.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. And from a BD perspective, what I can say is we remain size agnostic. We have tremendous financial flexibility. What we look at is compelling science in areas that we know well and the opportunity to continue to further strengthen the outlook of the company in the second half of the decade and beyond, and obviously do that through deals that generate value for patients and for shareholders.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. And from my perspective, let me just say again that what we're hearing from physicians all the time is that they consider Breyanzi as the best-in-class CD19 in CAR-T, and I look forward to the opportunity to have a significant increase in capacity at the beginning of next year, which will be important for us.
Giovanni Caforio: Now more broadly, I want to thank all of you for participating in the call. This was a strong quarter for the company. We have good momentum with our in-line business. There are very positive dynamics with our new product portfolio, and that positions us well for the second half of the year, which again, will be very important for the company. I look forward to continuing to answer your questions, and our IR team will be available for any follow-up you have. So thanks again, and have a good day.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Giovanni, and thank you, Dan, for the question Milvexian, certainly looking forward to having the data presented at ESC and discussing the results. And of course, as you know, we'll go into the details with the other specifics of the data itself. But I think there are two questions that probably are important to answer, than we look at the data. And that would be one related to the efficacy, specifically when it comes to impact on clinically proven ischemic strokes. And the second, of course, is to look at bleeding rates, and more specifically over there, one that physicians and patients would be interested to know about would be probably related to intracranial bleeds, where patients with strokes have a propensity to have the – as well as if there are any further bleeds. And so those are the kinds of questions that we set out to answer. And I think those are the questions that people will be very interested to know. For Camzyos, let me pass it on to Chris to take you through.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you, Giovanni, and thank you, Andrew. Very thoughtful questions, as always. For Milvexian, look, we're not obviously going to get into the Phase 3 indications right now. But from a Phase 2 perspective, you will certainly get to see the data. And what is important is from a physician's perspective, what matters really is the clinical strokes and those certainly will be the questions to discuss when the data are presented. On the CD19 side, certainly very intriguing data in the autoimmune disease, especially in the lupus, SLE patients who are severely impacted by the disease. Those are the things that we continue to discuss from a scientific perspective, how to explore, where to explore and certainly not hitting from us. And as we evolve in our thinking, we'll share with everyone where we are going with that, the German data were very intriguing, I have to say, and as we presented earlier this year. For CTLA-4, we've seen the data on CRC from a competitor. From our perspective, we have three CTLA-4 antibodies in development, the Non-Fucosylated Probody as well as the Non-Fucosylated Probody. So there are three that are in development. The way we think about it is, number one, we have an ongoing study in MSS TRC for that you know that we just initiated the Opdualag comparing to the standard of care. And for future developments for CTLA-4 antibodies, we have to think about combination strategies because we know that many times even in the past, when single agents have been used, the response rates ultimately in registration trials have really been single-digit or low single-digits in fact. So we will obviously be able to share the data once we have these combination studies completed. They are currently ongoing. Too early to talk about the data at this time. We're certainly aware of the CRC data.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Chris and Geoff, maybe I can take on the Turning Point question. So first of all, excited about the acquisition of Turning Point Therapeutics and looking forward to bringing repotrectinib to patients in the second half of next year. Your question around the combinations. Those are all going to be always data-dependent and so explorations will continue. Although at this time, certainly, there is a lot of knowledge and lots of emergence of data TKI combinations or tyrosine kinase inhibitors, which are not necessarily mutation-specific tyrosine kinase, which have generated a lot of interest and a lot of data and have been approved in multiple indications when combined with I-O therapies, but it does provide additional opportunities in the future to look at these sorts of combinations and more specific pre-specified populations and selected patient populations, but those will be data that will need to be generated at the current time, too early to tell.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you. Steve, as Giovanni has mentioned, no specifics to be provided here. What I can repeat, I think, from the past conversations we've had is our confidence in the data itself and we think about from an efficacy perspective, differentiation and superiority that has been proven through the Phase 3 trial versus Otezla from a safety perspective, showing differentiation when we think about the JAK inhibitors versus deucravacitinib, first in inhibitor. And this is that profile that has continued to evolve through multiple other trials that has given us the confidence to initiate the programs, as you know, in psoriatic arthritis, two Phase 3 trials ongoing, and also now looking forward to initiation of the SLE Phase 3 trials at the end of the year, beginning of next year. So overall, we're looking forward to September 10 PDUFA date and bringing this new medicine to patients. In a similar way, I would say, in the cardiac myosin inhibitors, it is difficult and not appropriate probably for us to comment on other people's drug as to what a profile is going to look like and if they will have any warning and precautions in the label or not. What we can say though is again I believe in Camzyos as already alluded to buy by Chris well and David his remarks are our believe in the data and our physicians are acting in terms of getting trained and prescribing it to the patients. So overall, looking forward to the initiation of our non-obstructive Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Phase 3 program towards the end of the year. Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Thank you. And certainly looking forward to, again, the presentation of the Milvexian data. I obviously cannot get into specifics of the data itself. But let me just reiterate that to two questions that would be important from everybody's perspective is on the efficacy, looking at the clinical strokes; and secondly, from a bleed perspective, it becomes very important, what kind of bleed and especially, when we think about the fatal bleeds,  meaningful bleed that become important. If you look at the past, what you will see is those kinds of things that made people a little bit worried. So again, we can discuss more when we have the data presented at ESC around Milvexian. On TYK2, certainly, we are very pleased with the profile for the oral TYK2 inhibitor that has obviously evolved and continues to evolve in multiple other indications as well. As we look to the mild-to-moderate psoriasis, as we've said before, we are looking to bring in the topical formulation, the Phase 2 trials that are about to begin from the Phase 2 or from the TYK2 perspective, and that's our foray into the mild-to-moderate psoriasis. As you know, the pivotal trial was conducted in a moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis patients. And then, of course, multiple Phase 3 trials in various indications. First of all, in psoriatic arthritis that are ongoing and then lead starting later this year and Phase 2 trials are ongoing UC as well as in  disease. Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Look, again, Milvexian is a Factor XI inhibitor and the first of its kind, certainly, there are others that are in development as well. So looking forward to the presentation of the data and then discussing the Phase 3 plans, which will be towards the end of this year, the initiation, as Giovanni mentioned in his comments early on. I obviously cannot comment on why Xarelto, but certainly, Eliquis with this indication, you've heard Chris and David mentioned early on as to what has been accomplished with Eliquis and continues to accomplish, very effective treatment, we are trying to solve the Factor XIa inhibitors, some of the shortcomings that have been left behind core from the Factor Xa inhibitors and especially -- and from the Phase 2 trial, we're looking at also the combination of it with dual anti-platelet therapies. So that's the overall intent for the future development to look at multiple other opportunities in the ordeal as well as on the  side from Milvexian as a single agent as well as in the combination with the background therapy. So more to follow. And certainly, after the data presentation, we can have a wide dialogue on the indications and the plans. Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. So just to keep it very brief, that both trials are ongoing in Phase 2 right now, one in Crohn's disease, one in ulcerative colitis. And based on data, we will be making decisions on development as well as the doses. But I would say it has no bearing at all in terms of the approvability of the deucravacitinib in September for the psoriasis program. So rest assuring that. Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Good. Just very briefly, thank you, Giovanni. What I would say that there will be data presentation, both from the competitor molecule and ourselves at the same time at ESC, neither of the two companies have started the Phase 3 program, and our partners, Janssen and BMS. We are, of course, looking forward to initiation of that program later this year. As I said earlier, both on the venous arterial side of things, single-agent combinations, and then we'll be able to talk about the competitors as well. So thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. I will start with mezigdomide. And certainly, the data that we presented already in single-agent combination has been quite interesting and certainly very helpful in terms of thinking of longer-term development plan for mezigdomide. The data update will be, I think, at ASH or at the next ASH conference that we will be able to find for the ongoing single-arm open-label study. More importantly, as you have seen in this scorecard that was presented by Giovanni earlier, mezigdomide has 2 Phase 3 trials planned to start in the coming -- in 2023 to look at the combination of trecholis  as well as to look at the combination in the comparison versus pomalidomide. So those twp are the second line plus indications where mezigdomide is going to be tested, and we're looking forward to those initiations in 2022. I'll give it back to Giovanni for the BD question.
Chris Boerner: Thanks, Samit, and thanks, Dan, for the question. We are very pleased with the early launch of Camzyos, while it's still very early days. We're off to a very good start. And what I would say is that, by and large, the performance that we're seeing is aligned to our expectations. And I would highlight maybe two or three things. First, awareness is very good. We've seen incredibly strong enthusiasm for the product from both physicians and patients. Importantly, the feedback that we're getting on the clinical program has been overwhelmingly positive and consistent. I'm going to give you some vignette on that. Patients are seeing significant benefit, both in terms of feel and function. And that benefit is being seen very early, in fact, as early as four weeks post initiating treatment. And that's really important because it's driven a lot of enthusiasm, both from patients and its given physicians, a reason to believe that the product is living up to the promise that we have. In terms of physician experience, the feedback has been very positive. The REMS education that we've initiated is intuitive, getting on and certified for REMS has been straightforward. And as David mentioned, that's translated to over 1,400 HCPs being REM certified. And one thing I would highlight is that this is probably the most important leading indicator for this product launch, given the fact that you don't have a history of REMS in the cardiovascular space, physicians are going to be REMS certified if they have intent to use. The last thing I would highlight is we're seeing a healthy increase in the number of centers prescribing week-over-week. We don't see any access issues on the horizon that would prevent these patients who are getting on to therapy converting to drug. And so if I sum it up, performance is in line with expectations. We're happy with what we're seeing, and we very much look forward to the continued uptake of this product over the course of the year.
Chris Boerner: Yes. Thanks for the question, Geoff. We're very pleased with the continued uptick that we're seeing with Reblozyl. We had good growth in the quarter versus prior year as well as sequentially. I would highlight a few things. First, we're continuing to see good acquisition of new patients for this product. One of the things that we look very carefully at is what are physicians' perceptions of the product and importantly, how quickly they're moving patients off of ESAs to get on Reblozyl therapy. That time on ESAs when patients are not getting an adequate response continues to shorten, which is a leading indicator of the number of patients that will be within the indication that we have. And importantly, we're seeing nice trends in both dosing and administration. The average MDS dose by cycle has grown steadily during the course of this launch and has increased this year. That's resulted in improved efficacy and longer duration of therapy which, to your question, has been up 6% this year relative to where we were in 2021. And while your question was mainly focused, I think, on the US, I would highlight that ex-U.S., the launch is early, but we're seeing very good uptake in the early launch markets, notably markets like Germany, and then we'll have additional access and reimbursement decisions ex-U.S. So overall, we feel very good about where we are, and we look forward to continued uptick of this product as we go through the remainder of the year.
Chris Boerner: Thanks for the question, Chris. On Breyanzi, what I would say just at the outset around cell therapy in general, is that the demand in the quarter for both of these products, Abecma and Breyanzi, was strong. We continue to be very pleased with the feedback on the profiles of these products and importantly, how those profiles position us competitively. With respect to Breyanzi, as David mentioned earlier, we had underlying demand that was very strong. We're obviously very pleased with the second-line approval and the fact that it's given us the broadest label of any CAR T in DLBCL. But as David also mentioned, sales were impacted in the quarter by manufacturing success rates. Those success rates, the issue underlying that was resolved, and we expect success rates to improve as we head into this quarter. More generally around manufacturing with Breyanzi, given the broader label, we had obviously hoped to have increased capacity in the second half of this year. We're now anticipating that in Q1 of 2023, delivering that capacity is a top priority. The focus here is on increasing both vector and drug product supply. I will note that we've seen a nice increase in the capacity for Abecma, driven by successful drug product expansion and increasing in vector supply, and we anticipate that, that same focus will be now applied to Breyanzi and have every expectation that we'll be able to deliver on that. That capacity is going to be important. Because given the broad label with this product and the compelling profile, slot availability is going to be critical. So the good news is we have a very strong manufacturing team focused on increasing the supply, and we look forward to delivering that supply in the first part of the year. As for Camzyos and the pace of launch, I would view this as a steady increase in the number of patients. There are going to be four things that are really going to determine the pace of this launch. Physician and patient demand, the volume of REM-certified physicians, how quickly those patients come to get on Camzyos therapy and then obviously, the conversion of those patients to commercial drug. And I would say really across all of those dimensions, we're happy with what we're seeing as I referenced earlier, it's in line with where we expected to be this early in the launch. As I mentioned earlier, the demand for the product is very strong. We're getting great feedback from both patients and physicians. I spoke to the volume of users and the fact that we're seeing a nice increase in the number of REMS-certified physicians every week. We had told you previously, I think, in fact, last quarter, that we expected patients to initiate therapy during their routine visits. And that's largely playing out. Though I would say, we've seen a number of accounts, including some of our smaller and medium-sized accounts quickly getting multiple patients on to drug. We're also seeing some of our larger accounts organizing Camzyos clinic days so that they can efficiently bring larger volumes of patients, initiate them and monitor them. So again, that's where we thought it would be. And then finally, as I referenced earlier, access is going to be an important consideration here. Virtually, all oral specialty products like Camzyos go through this period of two to six months of getting on to formulary. During that period, the majority of patients are going to go on to free product. That's what we're seeing here. But again, the good news is we're not seeing any access issues. So we don't foresee any challenges converting those patients to commercial drug. So when you add it up, we expect the volume is going to increase over the course of the year. And then you'll see those patients convert to commercial sales as formulary status is achieved. But bottom line, we're very happy with what we're seeing thus far very much in line with expectations.
Chris Boerner: So maybe I'll pick up, Seamus, on the question regarding deucravacitinib and the launch. So where, as you know, very excited about the opportunity to launch this product. As was referenced previously, the commercial and medical teams are in place. They're ready to go. They're very experienced. What I've said previously, I think, is where we'll start this conversation, which is that we explore every meaningful scenario as we think about the launch of any new product, but we continue to index heavily on the scenario, where we think that the preclinical and clinical data support and that is that this is a unique mechanism of action that is clearly differentiated from other products in the class. And actually, when we talk to customers, we get an almost uniform alignment that, that's the right way to think about deucravacitinib, that the mechanism based on all of the data that we've seen is unique and it is differentiated, it's differentiated not only from JAKs, but it's differentiated, most importantly, from the current standard of care for oral agents treating moderate-to-severe patients. And so as we step back and think about this product, we anticipate very strong demand for deucravacitinib based on the clinical profile from 2 Phase 3 studies that show clear superiority relative to the existing standard of care. We have a unique mechanism of action that's clearly differentiated and we think positions us well to become the oral branded of choice for these moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients. And as was implied in the premise of your question, we're very excited to launch this product, and we look forward to the PDUFA date in September.
Chris Boerner: Sure. So we're very pleased with where we are with the Opdualag approval and the early uptake, the execution of the team has been very strong and physician reaction has been quite positive. In terms of the dynamics within the market, shares in first-line metastatic melanoma are in the low doubl-digits for Opdualag. We have seen some early use in second-line plus patients that's mainly driven by the fact that, remember, the flow of newly diagnosed metastatic melanoma can be somewhat staggered just given the volume of patients you have in this market. And so what we're seeing is not only are physicians using the product in first-line, but they're also looking to use it in second-line as patients either progress or they're willing to switch patients. In terms of who those patients are, that dynamic is playing out largely as expected. We're mostly displacing PD-1 monotherapy, that's to be expected, just given the strength of the clinical data with a more than 2x improvement in PFS and a strong trend towards overall survival relative to PD-1 monotherapy. We are seeing some modest conversion of Opdivo, Yervoy to Opdualag. But at this point, that's very much within the -- what we had expected. So overall, I would say Opdualag first, the performance continues to be very good. It's early days, but certainly, we have strong momentum. And the interplay between dual I-O, single-agent I-O and Opdualag is largely as expected.
Chris Boerner: Sure. Well, thanks for the question, Matthew. We have long believed that I-O has promised in improving the outcome of BRAF mutant positive patients. Today, as you may know, the use of I-O, particularly as a first-line treatment in that population is still somewhat limited. It's around 30% to 35% of that population. The  data that were presented actually last year at ASCO are potentially practice forming in that they provide, I think, important insights into how to best sequence dual I-O therapy relative to targeted therapy. And in particular, they show that the use of dual I-O before targeted CAFMAC  therapy led to a significant improvement in -- to your overall survival. So in that regard, the data are compelling and it can inform practice. The one big caveat to keep in mind here is that targeted therapy combination used for first-line BRAF-mutant patients has been very sticky. And so while we may see some use of dual I-O in the frontline setting based on Dreamsic  I would anticipate that would be mainly an academic setting, primarily because that's where the data are going to be most known. Remember, we can't promote to this data. So I think it's unlikely you're going to see broader adoption. That said, it's encouraging data, and it could have an impact on selected customers.
Chris Boerner: And then maybe I'll just say something very briefly on IBD and turn it over to Samit to talk about the development. IBD is obviously a large and underserved market. Some elements are more competitive than others, but in general, there's still a need for multiple oral options here. And given the profile that we've seen with deucrava, certainly through the psoriasis program, I think from a commercial standpoint, there would certainly be an intriguing opportunity for us, but Samit can speak more directly to the clinical plans.
Chris Boerner: Sure. So with respect to the REMS and sort of how that's been received, as I mentioned earlier, the feedback on the REMS process has been very favorable from physicians. It's straightforward to get certified. We've spent a lot of time working with Samit's team before approval to make sure that the REMS program generally was intuitive and fit into how cardiologists generally treat patients. And so far, that work upfront as well as the education we've done is paying off. Cardiologists are generally seeing it as not a barrier, in fact, the fact that we have seen a large number of medium and small clinics get not only REM certified, but get patients onto therapy, and in many cases, get multiple patients on therapy is an indicator of the fact that the REMS program is, by and large, being seen as something that's very manageable for physicians and hasn't proven to be a barrier at all. Moreover, I think that the REMS program when we designed it was important to make sure that patients are initiated and initiated safely and monitored over the course of their disease. And that's exactly how this process is playing out at this point. So very happy with respect to what we're hearing playback from physicians on REMS.
Chris Boerner: Sure. What I would say is that on Breyanzi I think in general, the focus that we've had continues to be on -- if your question is around continuing the approve on the manufacturing side, the focus there has been on making sure that we're really on three things. First, on Breyanzi, you have to -- on cell therapy generally, you have to stay focused on operational issues. Obviously, we spoke about the issue that hit the success rates with this program in the quarter. But clearly that’s going to be one area of focus for us. And as part of that, you obviously are continuing to stay focused on improving turnaround time, and that's a clear focus for the manufacturing team. Above and beyond that, though, what I would say is most critical for us at this stage in the launch for both of Abecma and Breyanzi is to continue to be focused on vector supply and drug product supply, continue to increase that. We're working hard with health authorities to increase capacity on drug supply for Breyanzi at our existing facilities. We're also bringing on two state-of-the-art facilities in Devens, Massachusetts and at Leiden’s in the Netherlands that I think are going to be an important component of how we continue to expand the capacity for that product coming into the first part of next year. And then with respect to deucravacitinib, I think the focus, as we look at deucravacitinib is first and foremost, recognizing that the most important thing with this asset as you think about access generally is going to be the value story that you have to tell. And we have a very strong story to tell with deucravacitinib. As I mentioned earlier, we anticipate demand is going to be strong for this, also recognize that you have two Phase III studies that show head-to-head data against the current standard of care for the patients who are being treated with moderate to severe psoriasis. So we have a very strong story to tell with payers. And then in terms of those dynamics, I'm actually less concerned about competition with topicals and in particular, because remember, a lot of topicals are going to stay on board as you move into oral therapies and psoriasis. So I think the dynamics that we're most looking at are first, making sure that we provide very quick access for patients who have plans with open access. And as we talked about last quarter, in this market as opposed to other markets that we've talked about, many patients are covered by plans that will have open access at launch. And then obviously, we're going to have to continue to build volume in order to expand coverage for those that don't have open access at launch. And there, it's going to be all about driving volume and then leveraging that volume to get into a better access position over time.
