Lamberto Andreotti: Well, thank you, John. Good morning everyone. We have a lot to discuss today. First, I want to mention our nivolumab study in third-line squamous non-small-cell lung cancer, known as Study 063. As you know, this is something you’re all interested in. We had productive discussions with the FDA regarding the study and we will be initiating a rolling submission for this indication in the next few days. I feel extremely good about. Having said that, we’ll switch to our first quarter results – our good first quarter results. Our non-GAAP earnings per share improved 12% to $0.46, compared to last year. And our top line performance was meaningful. Excluding our diabetic franchise, sales increased 5%, while our new and in-line brands increased 8%. Our core products performed well with double-digit growth in Sprycel, 19%; Yervoy, 18%; Orencia, 13%, and Baraclude, 11%. Sales of Eliquis topped at $100 million threshold with positive momentum in the U.S., as well as in other markets around the world. Last year, we identified and executed against some key opportunities to accelerate the growth of Eliquis, focusing on cardiologists, increasing our investment behind medical education, driving improvement in access and launching direct-to-consumer advertising in the U.S. Our increased investments are driving results as we see improvements in prescription plan in all areas. Together with Pfizer, we are committing even more abilities to Eliquis this year, and we are pleased that the FDA approved Eliquis for the prevention of deep vein being promoted in Q1 and hope to be able to further expand the label in both the U.S. and Europe with the inclusion of VTE treatment later in the year. As far as immuno-oncology is concerned, Charlie and Francis will give you details to how we are performing and what we are doing and planning. Let me just say that I am glad about how the Yervoy continues to grow around the world and that we had best quarter in the U.S. since launch with strengthened demand in our community oncologists and I’m equally or even more excited about nivolumab. During the quarter, we added new trials for nivolumab in mono therapy and combination in several new tumor types. and I’ve already mentioned our decision on the rolling submission of 063. Also our earlier stage portfolio continuously advanced to our own R&D efforts and through external collaborations such as the recently announced agreements with Five Prime. In summary, we made meaningful progress across our growth IO portfolio and we continue to build in advance our leadership position. Moving to HCV, hepatitis C, we also made good important progress. In fact, we had potential HCV approval for daclatasvir based regimen in all of the major regions before the end of the year, beginning with Japan and continually both Europe and the U.S. With respect to the U.S., our possible approval is based on the recent NDA submission that follows the breakthrough therapy designation for our dual regimen of daclatasvir and asunaprevir. Finally, I will briefly mention our progress in the development of an early-stage portfolio addressing genetically defined disease or GDD. Our process on GDDs is part of the redefined R&D strategies that we announced in November of last year. : Growing our marketed products and continuing to advance the development of our pipeline had been spend to our balanced approach of driving our results today, while setting the stage for tomorrow. The divestiture of our diabetes business to AstraZeneca that we completed in the first quarter is allowing us to further improve this approach, and accelerate our evolution through specialty biopharma. Our operating model is getting simplified and streamlined throughout the entire company. At the same time, we are increasing investments and focus behind priority areas of anticoagulation, immuno-oncology and HCV, as well as in certain geographies wherever we can be more competitive. Taking together, our first quarter results along with the work we have been doing to drive our specialty evolution, signifies a strong start, what should be an important year for us. For sometime we had been talking about our portfolio of the future, but many significant ways, that future has already started. And many important things will happen for the company during the rest of the year, starting very soon with the presentation of a lot of data at ASCO, and continuing all of other potential developments that I mentioned with respect to Eliquis, HCV and immuno-oncology. Some these developments will lead to increased sales in the near-term, while all of them should generate growth in the longer-term. We are working hard to continue to deliver success. So with that, let me turn it over to Francis.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, Chris. Let me just reemphasize, we have productive ongoing discussions with the FDA. The 063 data will be the basis for the rolling submission that we’re going to be initiating in the next few days; and we will expect to complete that by the end of the year. You’ll understand that, we don’t normally talk about the data before we present it in a scientific forum, and we are planning to present this data at the Multidisciplinary Symposium in Thoracic Oncology in October of this year. But what I would say is, our review of the 063 data really reinforces our belief in the potential Nivo to demonstrate an improvement in the long-term survival, which we believe will be important to lung cancer patients. And personally, I’m very happy to be moving forward with our first submission. As far a program outside the United States, the whole nivolumab program is a global program, the requirements differ in different parts of the world, and we are looking at providing, we won’t be talking about specific timing details, but we are looking at submissions, once we’ve seen the data from the squamous and non-squamous, non-small cell lung second line data, which we believe we will get the top line towards the end of the year. Thanks, Chris.
Lamberto Andreotti: Daniel, thank you very much. I would say we’re very comfortable with the work we’ve put in our exploratory programs in lungs that to support the first line Phase III study. This comes really from the steps in the breath of our experience starting with the overlay, a very broad portfolio with studies, we now have with Nivo, specifically around lung cancer, as you’re aware, we have four Phase III studies – sorry four registrational studies, three Phase III studies, two in line, one in first line, and one thing I’ve learned in my career is that the time you spent trying to understand that the medicine at the beginning of the exploratory phase really does save time – save time later on. And I would comment around the combination of Yervoy, Nivo in lungs that the 012 study continues, it’s actually providing very important information for us to design our trial, and we are on track to start that fourth Phase III study by the end of the year.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, Tim. First of all, let me say we have a comprehensive biomarker strategy where all the patients in our trials have tumor taken and positivity for PDL-1 taken. I think it's premature to make any determination yet about, for any particular tumor, about the relationship between PDL-1 positivity, and response, overall response. But our aim is to understand that better, so we can understand by monotherapy and the combinations across the entire population, not just the PDL-1 positive patients. As far as the data or assay is concerned, we’re very comfortable with our assay, it’s performing well. We like very much the partnership with Deko, and I think it’s the very different assays between us and everyone else, and I think it's premature to take any determination about which is best. We are comfortable with ours as far as our dataset is concerned. Let me pass it over to.
Lamberto Andreotti: Good morning, Seamus. So, as far as the survival the non-small cell lung second line squamous, non-squamous studies, the primary end points for overall survival, although, objective response rate is included in that. As you know, this is an event-driven study. But, our projection is that we will see top line data at the end of the year. As far as, CheckMate 012 is concerned, I’d just remind you that, this was an exploratory study. It had many arms as you know, it actually is still ongoing. And so in other order, the data is yet mature for presentation, and we took the view of separating the different arm to different treatments into different presentations to allow a little more detail to appear in the presentation. What I would reiterate is that, it’s a very important study for us in terms of designing Phase III combination study of Nivo and Yervoy. And we are on track to initiate that study in lung by the end of the year.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes, I’m not going to add that. It’s always interested to see our company trying to profile our own products and with prematurely probably based on lack of information. So we’re very excited about our Japanese opportunity and very excited about it long-term.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, David. So, first we’ll breakthrough designation, the FDA has many mechanisms so as to being development of oncology drugs and I think as I’ve mentioned in the past, we have fast-track designations for lung for melanoma and renal and in fact we are eligible for a rolling submission which is what was started – which Ruby started in the next few days. 063 just a little word about the study, it’s in a highly pre-treated patient population. It has at least, the patients have at least two lines of therapy full hand many of them have more than that. The primary end point is as you say projective response rate have that of course we will be – we are continuing to monitor the patients as the study precedes. As far as the Second Line Squamous, the non-Squamous studies, as I mentioned these are event driven studies and our projection is that we will have top line data, formal analysis and overall survival at the end of the year. And finally I think the way to look at the 012 study is that it's extremely valuable for us. I want to reiterate that it's proving very informative the different arms particularly around Nivo, Yervoy, as we come to design our registrational Phase III study for the combination in lung. Many of the arms are not mature yet, so one has to consider that when you look at the data at ASCO. But we are, overall, very excited about all the data and there’s lot always at ASCO. Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti: So Alex, as I talked, I think that we are more than ready to compete in immuno-oncology. And we obviously, are not only focusing on the possible new competitors that will come, but more eminent competitors are ready there. Yes, we are ready and we are ready in the U.S. and we are ready all around the world. So, nothing more to add there.
Lamberto Andreotti: So let me conclude. We have three comments on immuno-oncology. First of all, as I said at the beginning of this call, I’m very happy that we will start very soon. There are information for 063. We are very much looking forward to ASCO and the additional need that we will be reviewing in the second half of this year. And finally, we remain as confident as we’ve been in the potential for immuno-oncology as evidenced by the scale of our program, the mid scale of our program and its continued expansion. Thank you for being with us this morning to discuss our good first quarter and many other things to look forward throughout this year. Have a good day.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes this is Giovanni. Let me just make a couple of comments to go into some further detail on the performance of Eliquis in the first quarter. We had a really good quarter across the board in all markets, specifically with respect to the U.S. As Charlie mentioned, we continue to see really good trend in cardiology. We also are seeing a significant improvement in trends in the primary care setting. In cardiology, our new patient share is now at 37% and in primary care it’s in the 25% range, and all of those represent significant growth versus the previous quarter, really good developments. We’re obviously ahead of production in this setting and we are continuing to strength our position overall there. That’s the result of the investments we made beginning with the second part of last year that are really generating positive momentum and good results for us. With respect to international markets, I’ll just make a couple of comments there. Germany is clearly one of our key areas of focus and we are seeing acceleration of our growth in Germany where our new patient share now is above products and growing very nicely. And then the third market I’ll mention again is Japan where as of the end of February, our limitations in terms of reimbursement was lifted 12 months after approval. We’ve seen a very significant acceleration of our growth in Japan where our new patient share is already above products. In the switch market, we have a leading share of new patients with switches coming from all agents that are currently in the market. And then obviously we have a number of countries where we are launching. We’ve launched more recently like France and Italy and the trends are quite solid in those markets as well.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, Tim this is Giovanni. Just a couple of comments on, I guess Lamberto and Charlie mentioned we had a really strong quarter for Yervoy around the world. In the U.S., we had the strongest quarter in terms of sales since launch, and we are seeing a continuing growth of the use of the Yervoy in the academic setting, but an acceleration also, the growth of Yervoy in the community setting. And I think that’s clearly the result of all the work we have done to communicate the value of the data supporting Yervoy. Obviously, as you know at the beginning PD-1 agents in melanoma would be used primarily in the second line setting, positive Yervoy, and so in the short-term, we believe that there will be continued growing adoption of Yervoy in the marketplace, and the trends we are seeing today are quite consistent with that. Obviously the melanoma market will change significantly over the next few weeks for a few months, and next few years, but we believe that it will be continued need for the use of Yervoy and continued use in Yervoy. Some of it may be in monotherapy, potentially Yervoy can have a really important role to play in combination with other agents in melanoma, and obviously, we will be presenting some data in the adjuvant setting at ASCO. And that is also a very promising area for us with Yervoy.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. So John, let me expand on what Lamberto said and start from more general comment about launch readiness. as you know, we have a very strong presence in biology. We have a global brands with – brand with Baraclude that has given us a lot of experience and with working in hepatology and obviously, have a commercial footprint, which is promoting our HIV products. That is the – really the core of the organization and the resources that we will deploy to launch the hepatitis C portfolio around the world. But obviously, in every one of our geographies, we will make incremental investments strengthen and broaden our teams and investments to launch hep C when we have approval. That’s very much the case in Japan. As a reminder, Japan is the really one of the most successful Baraclude markets for us. We have an extremely high market share and really good penetration in the marketplace there. And so the sales and medical teams that we have promoting Baraclude will be deployed to promote the dual when we get approval potentially later this year. We also have incrementally staffed the organization in Japan by increasing the number of reps and added a team, in order to be a really well resourced and we are ready to launch from a commercial perspective. With respect to the profile of the product as you know, we have executed at Japanese specific development program for the dual with Japanese patients, we have strong dataset and at the same time, the thought leader community in Japan is very knowledgeable about this combination and the profile of the two products. and clearly, we are conducting testing to be ready for launch and the results have been encouraging. So, we’re quite excited about the opportunity in Japan. As Lamberto said, it’s too early for us to comment on pricing.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Andrew. As far as the adjuvant melanoma study, we’re actually very excited that this is part of the ASCO press program. I want to point out this is the first study that’s been reported for checkpoint inhibitor in adjuvant therapy for cancer. And as you know, that’s a limited other options in adjuvant melanoma for patients. I think it’s premature we not even presented the data yet talking about filing. But we have an event in [best invented] (ph) ASCO and I’m sure we look forward to more discussions then. I don’t think there’s anything more to add really about real world adverse events on IO, sorry in Yervoy that very consistent I believe with what we showed in our [dosie] (ph). And as far as the Japanese funding of HCV, personally I will say we’re very encouraged about the progress with that filing looking forward to getting on the markets. And I think it’s probably premature stuff talking about competition. We’re very comfortable with the unmet needed needs and the profile of our dual.
Giovanni Caforio: So thank you, Mark. As far as the I was trailing in the U.S. for the dual, I’m not going to go into details about that because of it’s under view at the moment. But it’s certainly we will be seeking approval for the dual in genotype 1b in the United States. I’m not sure I completely understood your question about the survival data. We will be getting survival data on the two Phase III studies, second line squamous and non-squamous in-house by the end of the year. And as you know, our custom is to present these data for scientific meeting before we share it with Wall Street. So I think it’s a reasonable expectation that this will be at ASCO next year. As far as the CheckMate 012 study in the low dose as I mentioned little earlier the number of these arms are still ongoing and that’s one that is providing important data for us as we design the Phase III study and is not mature yet to present at Otsuka.
Giovanni Caforio: Orencia also is growing quite nicely around the world, you would remember the launch of the SubQ formulation which is really the driver of our growth at this point happened earlier in the U.S. and later in Europe and Japan, so the trends of Europe and Japan where you see more robust growth has really influenced by the more recent launches of the SubQ formulation. In the U.S. we have seen a somewhat of a decrease in our growth and our trends have been softer in Q1, as you know, there are new agents on the market that are also growing and making that space and particularly the first-line setting more competitive. This is a very crowded market with a lot of action from payers and so it is a very competitive space. We as Lamberto mentioned we have good plans in place to continue to focus on positioning Orencia, as a first-line choice rheumatoid arthritis. We have plans in place to strengthen our execution, increase resourcing the brand, so we’re confident that the good growth trends will continue. The first quarter in the U.S. was somewhat slower in terms of the overall trajectory of the brand.
