Charles Bancroft: Thank you, Lamberto. Net sales were $4.1 billion in the quarter. We also had solid sales performance across our entire portfolio, especially for Yervoy, Sprycel, Orencia, and Bydureon. Let me provide a few highlights.  Yervoy sales increased 33% year over year to $238 million. Yervoy continued to show strong performance in Europe. We recently received a positive opinion from the CHMP for first line use of Yervoy and hope to have marketing authorization later this year. This is an important addition to our label in Europe and will allow a broader set of patients to potentially benefit earlier in their treatment.  In the U.S., Yervoy sales softened somewhat from the second quarter. As Lamberto mentioned, we have seen an impact from a significant increase in new clinical trials targeting melanoma. Patient enrollment in metastatic melanoma trials has more than doubled since the beginning of the year, with some of that increase coming from our own clinical trials with Nivolumab. While these clinical trials have affected the commercial opportunity at several large academic institutions, we continue to focus on growing Yervoy in the community setting, which represents approximately 60% of our U.S. sales. Recent weekly sales trends are encouraging. We believe having the first line indication in Europe, along with the survival data presented at the European Cancer Congress, will enable us to continue to deliver strong growth. Sales of Eliquis were $41 million during the quarter.  As Lamberto mentioned, we have several initiatives focused on helping prescribers, patients, and payers understand Eliquis’ differentiated profile. Recent prescription trends are improving as we have seen consistent weekly growth during Q3. As an important leading indicator, our overall new to brand share has improved and is now nearly 20% with cardiologists. Our diabetes portfolio had sales of $411 million in the quarter. After a period of transition in our diabetes organization, we are beginning to see more positive trends in this business. Sales for the exenatide franchise were up $193 million, up nearly 14% from Q2, mostly due to renewed new to brand growth for Bydureon and GLP-1 market expansion. Byetta sales were essentially flat versus Q2. Sales for the Onglyza franchise grew 19% year over year to $211 million. We have stabilized our market share in the U.S., where total prescription growth is slowing. We believe the data from the SAVOR cardiovascular outcomes trial provides important clarity regarding the safety profile of Onglyza. We continue to work through the pricing and reimbursement process for Forxiga in Europe and look forward to a potential launch in the U.S. next year. Orencia sales increased 22% to $375 million. Subcu sales have nearly doubled since Q3 2012, and now represent nearly one-third of all Orencia sales. Sprycel sales rose 20% to $316 million. First line use of Sprycel also is growing, as we reinforced Sprycel’s broad indication to treat patients in all phases of CML. Now, let me highlight two line items from the rest of our non-GAAP P&L. Advertising and promotion spending increased 16% to $194 million. This is driven by our increased investment behind our key commercial opportunities such as Eliquis and our diabetes portfolio. We expect to continue these investments as well as ensure we are prepared for the expected hepatitis C launch in Japan and potential launches for Nivolumab. As I mentioned during our second quarter call, the decrease in other income and expense is largely due to the change in the structure of our relationship with Sanofi, whereby we now record royalty income in net sales. As you have seen, we are confirming our full year 2013 GAAP and non-GAAP EPS ranges.  Before we turn to your questions, I want to make a few comments about capital allocation. Business development continues to be our top priority, and we remain committed to the dividend. Regarding share repurchases, you will recall that overall repurchase has slowed significantly in Q2, and this trend continued in the third quarter. Moving forward, we do not anticipate future share repurchases at this time. We are now happy to answer your questions.
Charles Bancroft: Mark, I think your question was more related to the U.S. in regard to price. Overall, as we think of the Onglyza franchise, we continue to be at roughly parity with Januvia, and we did take a 5% [unintelligible] price increase in August of this year.
Charles Bancroft: As Lamberto mentioned in his opening comments, we are very excited about our opportunity to bring the first all-oral hep C regimen to market in Japan with our genotype 1B strategy. Our registrational Phase III study of daclatasvir and asunaprevir in Japanese genotype 1B patients will be presented at AASLD in a couple of weeks, and we plan to file in Japan later in this quarter. Remember that there are about 1.2 million people infected with hepatitis C in Japan, and about 70% of them have genotype 1B. These patients are largely elderly and many either cannot tolerate the current interferon-based standard of care or are ineligible to receive it. So that speaks to the real opportunity and why the current standard of care has not done as well, to your earlier point. And finally, we believe we have up to an 18-month lead on both [ABVI] and Gilead in Japan. 
Charles Bancroft: On the tax rate, you may recall that we benefited in 2013 by having the double up of the R&D tax credit from 2012. Going forward, our tax rate is very dependent upon where our earnings mix comes from. And we’ve said at least in the intermediate term we view our tax rate in the mid to high teens area. I can’t give more than that. We’re going to have to roll up the numbers and see where all the different earnings come from. As far as the dividend, that’s an annual board decision, and that’s not one I can talk about at this point. And in regard to share repurchase, I would just reinforce what I said in my opening comments, that we do not anticipate any share repurchases going forward at this time.
Lamberto Andreotti: I will start, and then I will ask Giovanni and Beatrice to add comments on Eliquis. First of all, we expect growth for Eliquis in both the U.S. and international markets. And in some of the international markets we have just launched. In the U.S. we launched earlier. In other countries we launched earlier. So we are at a different stage of launch, but the launch continues in both the U.S. and internationally. We were third to the market, and we found two other agents that were entrenched in the market, especially one of them. The good news is that our clinical data is very significant, very differentiated, both the ARISTOTLE and the [unintelligible] data is good. Nobody can make the same claim. And so we are dealing with especially one agent that is basing their strength on having launched earlier, and speaking about convenience, which we don’t think it’s really a great claim. So we will continue to work and will continue to work, and Giovanni, why don’t you start with the U.S., saying what we are doing.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you for this question, because this allows me to expand on the subject of investments that both Charlie and I mentioned in our remarks. Let me say that we will continue to invest to support this immuno-oncology portfolio, and we will continue to invest behind Eliquis, hep C, and diabetes.  And all this will get the resources that they deserve, and this will increase our expenses, mostly the commercial expenses, because within R&D we have a number of programs that are ending now, and therefore we will have resources coming from within R&D to finance the additional expenses that immuno-oncology will especially require. And they are significant, by the way.  But in commercial, we have already eliminated a lot of the expenses behind the old products, and therefore we will think about increasing commercial expenses. We will be ready to launch Nivo, and we will continue to support Yervoy. And as we said, Yervoy will launch as a first line in Europe. So we will expand the commercial activities behind Eliquis in the U.S., in the early launches, and we will launch outside the U.S. and the most recent countries.  And then Charlie will speak about the investments that will be required by the launch of hep C in Japan. And finally, we have Forziga hopefully approved next year, so we will have a launch of Forziga in the U.S.  Having said that, we are extremely aware, my management and I are extremely aware, of how important it is to deliver short term results, and we will deliver them, but we consider equally, if even not more important, to build a solid foundation for sustained long term growth. So we will devote resources, in summary, as I said, to all the great opportunities we have. 
Lamberto Andreotti: I have a very quick answer to your question on Eliquis. No, our peak sales have not changed. And we are still very confident about Eliquis, and what the product can achieve.
Lamberto Andreotti: You’re right, the pricing on Nivo is a very important subject, but we’re not willing to discuss it today. We are devoting a lot of attention to that subject. We are discussing it internally. We are collecting the right data. And obviously we will make the decision over time, and we will announce it at the very last minute.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes, this is the new paradigm in oncology, where we have multiple indications potentially coming very quickly, and therefore we are thinking, in the U.S., as Giovanni said, and outside of the U.S., as Beatrice said, of creating an infrastructure and a structure that doesn’t need to be changed at every indication. And also we need to start very early with these new prescribers, the new indication with new prescribers. Remember the work we had to do with the melanoma prescribers at the beginning to familiarize them with immuno-oncology? Well, the same needs to be done now, to much grow the base in the U.S. and internationally, to familiarize them with immuno-oncology. And they are especially the lung cancer prescribers.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thank you, Charlie. Even though this is a decision of the board, we are aware that the board and we are committed to the dividend. So I know that every comment we make on dividends might be misinterpreted. I just don’t want your comment to be misinterpreted. We are committed to the dividend, and the board will decide on it quarter by quarter and year by year. Let me conclude the session by repeating that this is an important time for Bristol-Myers Squibb, with return to growth, our pipeline progress, and our balanced approach to delivering the results of today while laying the foundation for the results of tomorrow. Taken together, Bristol-Myers Squibb is strong and I’m convinced we are well-positioned for the future. Thank you very much, and you have a great day. 
Giovanni Caforio: Just to follow up on what Lamberto said, if you think about our focus in 2013 in the U.S. market, consistent with what we discussed on the last call, we are focused in a number of areas. At the beginning, we had a very heavy focus on access, and we made rapid progress there.  Then we, in parallel, shifted our focus on our presence in the hospital, and the process of entering the hospitals from a formulistic perspective and stocking is a process that requires time. We discussed that at the last call. We’ve made significant progress in the third quarter in that area.  At this point, we are stocked and present in over 80% of our focus hospitals. Our use in the hospitals has been increasing, and we’re quite satisfied, at this point, that we are at the same level of hospital presence, where [unintelligible], for example, was at the same time during their launch.  As we discussed earlier, we have a very heavy focus on medical education and peer-to-peer programs because we really have the broadest and the deepest data set in atrial fibrillation of all agents, and understanding that profile requires time and the right setting for physicians. So we have actually increased very significantly our investment in that area. We are executing a very large number of programs, and we continue to see that when physicians have the time to understand the data, they really understand the differentiated profile of Eliquis. We also started DTC and the TV ads, and that will have an impact over time. As was mentioned before, although our uptake clearly has been slower than we had expected, we actually are making good progress in the third quarter.  Our growth over the last four weeks in key Rxes is 23%, our growth in NB Rxes is close to 20%. When you look at the cardiology setting, in a quarter during which the new to brand prescriptions of both Pradaxa and Xarelto were flat, we experienced very, very good growth. Our NB Rx share in cardiology now is close to 19%, which compares to 12% for Pradaxa. So we are continuing to make progress, and the areas of focus going forward are the same as I just described. 
Giovanni Caforio: Let me make a comment on diabetes access. Clearly, as you know, this is a very big market, very competitive and crowded. And obviously it’s an area of focus for payers, and that will not change going forward. From our perspective, this is the one area in fact having a broad portfolio really creates a good platform for us to negotiate with payers through the three classes.  When we look at our competitive position, our access with Bydureon is improving, and following following the loss of Caremark at the end of last year, our access position this year with Onglyza and Kombiglyze has been good and stable. Going into next year, as you probably know, we had two very important wins with ESI, which is a very important customer, both with respect to our position with Onglyza and [unintelligible], and most importantly with Bydureon as the preferred GLP-1. So it continues to be an area of focus for us, but we’re working very actively. We have a good portfolio, and we’ll be able to continue to compete.
Giovanni Caforio: Let me start with the cardiology MB Rx share. The latest data point we have is 18.9% share for Eliquis from a new patient share in cardiology.
Giovanni Caforio: Maybe let me start with Orencia in the U.S. We had a very good quarter in the U.S. The brand was up 17% versus previous year. The subcu formulation was up significantly, both versus prior year and then sequentially over the previous quarter in the U.S. That is happening exactly as you mentioned, as a result of physicians feeling more and more comfortable in using the subcu formulation earlier in the treatment paradigm. And in fact, even our promotional strategy has shifted really to promoting the value of Orencia subcu as a first line biologic. As you may have seen and know, we’re now the third most prescribed subcu agent in the U.S. and the trends continue to be positive.
Giovanni Caforio: Very quickly, on the U.S., as you know, we have a very good organization in the U.S., with a strong and diversified portfolio. We are well-resourced for [unintelligible] in melanoma. Obviously we are thinking about lung. That’s a bigger opportunity, it’s a larger prescriber base, and we will be ready to launch that as well. So we clearly will invest and grow the sales organization in the U.S..
Béatrice Cazala: Regarding international, first let me talk briefly about Europe. We have now launched Eliquis in about 13 countries. And we saw significant growth, more than 100%, quarter over quarter. We are planning to launch in another four countries across Europe, including Italy. So this target launch also accounts for possibly the slower pace that you can see.  We are feeling positive now about access. We are focusing our launch effort mainly on the cardiologists, and we are allocating resources strongly at the hospital, but also differentiating versus the level of [unintelligible] penetration in various markets.  What makes Europe also is very different penetration of the [unintelligible], which gives us a lot of opportunities, because you go from countries where [unintelligible] are only at 2% penetration, and others where it’s already 25%. So we are clearly differentiating our investment there, and we will be very competitive in other segments of the market, in all the various markets.  We are continuing to do strong medical education. Let’s not forget that [unintelligible] [authorization] starts with the hospital. Most of the patients go to the hospital in Europe. Then we also [unintelligible] the cardiologists and the general practitioners. So we are trying to accelerate the hospital discharge and the prescription at the hospital [unintelligible], moving to cardiologists and general practitioners.  A lot of education needs to take place, and this is happening now. We are reinforcing our resources there. And as we see now more recent market data, we see that the differentiated profile starts being perceived by the cardiologists, which are [unintelligible] very important for the long term growth of the products.  
Béatrice Cazala: Regarding the GBA, you probably all heard that on October 1 a ruling was made after a class review of all the DPP-4s, and their combinations. So we’re very pleased to see that in a very difficult context in Germany for diabetes, our products, [Onglyza] and Kombiglyze, were given an added minor benefit over [unintelligible] metformin. So that happened with [unintelligible]. The others, as you mentioned, did not get any benefit.  So, what happens now in the process, and to understand what could be the outcome, is that negotiations on pricing are going to start with [unintelligible]. So obviously each company will negotiate their pricing, and we’ll see then the outcome. For us, we feel that with an additional benefit, we will be able to conclude pricing negotiations relatively quickly, and we cannot speculate what exactly [unintelligible], but we will be ready to face any opportunities [unintelligible]. 
Béatrice Cazala: Similarly, in international and in Europe, things are going very well for Orencia. In Europe, particularly, the market was 70%-plus in subcu, so having now the addition and the reimbursement [unintelligible], but in most markets for subcu it’s very helpful to those who are growing by more than 40% in the last quarter. So, similarly, we see more and more use, first line biologic [unintelligible] and more and more thinking about the first line biologics. [unintelligible], but also what we have noticed in the last quarter is that our IV business seems to be bottoming out and stabilizing and regrowing, so that’s also good, because we have additional growth coming from new patients, not just cannibalization.
Béatrice Cazala: And as you know, lung is really a global issue, from China to Japan to the U.S. So the global team are working with all our original team to assess in the next fiscal year how much resources we need to be ready and start early on. It’s clear that with the competitive landscape, we want to be ready and not to have the reorganize every year, each time we have an additional indication of an additional evolution. So we are working on that very actively with all our regions.
Francis Cuss: We were very encouraged with the melanoma data with the combination, and we were pleasantly surprised with the tolerability that we saw there. But as you appreciate, lung cancer is a different indication, and we will be looking, clearly, at the therapeutic index. We don’t have the data yet, and I can’t speculate about what we will see. But just to remind you that of course what we believe is one of the most valuable aspects of immunotherapy is the durable response. And that data set will be evolving over the next 6 to 12 months. And of course our hope will be combination that we will see an enhanced, durable response. 
Francis Cuss: So, as you noted, one component of our secondary endpoint hospitalization for heart failure did occur, specifically more than the untreated group. But it is important to note, I think, that there was no increased risk of death due to heart failure overall, and in patients who entered the trial with a history of heart failure, there was no statistical different between the treatment and the primary endpoint.  So we’ve been discussing with consultants about what this may mean, and we’ve had discussions with the regulators and we’ll be making a submission of this data to see where any change to the labeling will come. That will be happening early next year. I think it’s important to also mention that if you take the SABRE trial overall, there was clearly some benefits there in terms of diabetic control. While that wasn’t the point of the trial, it was very reassuring from that perspective, that patients treated with [Onglyza] had better control, and I think there was reassuring data around pancreatitis, even though the numbers were small in the end, and pancreatic cancer. So, overall, we felt the SABRE trial did really inform quite considerably on the use of DPP4 inhibitors, specifically Onglyza.  As far as squamous is concerned, unfortunately, like all these things, it will depend exactly on the data we see. We think, and I’ll repeat, it’s very important to consider that this is a patient population with no other options at all at the present time, and that it’s a very important aspect of this to see what the long term durable response rate is, not just the overall response rate. We think that’s important.
Francis Cuss: Can I say a word about the PD-L1? As you remember, Chris, we reported biomarker data last year in the New England Journal of Medicine that suggested PD-L1 might be a predictive marker for the activity of Nivolumab. And as a result, we’ve been studying this throughout our broad Phase III program.  Now, it’s important to note that our clinical development plans are designed to explore both the potential predictive biomarker and to ensure that the patients who may benefit are not excluded if they’re biomarker negative. So our objective is to conduct well-controlled Phase III studies that will establish the validity of any biomarker based on overall survival. And again, it’s an important element, not just about response rate, overall survival. And I think finally it’s hard to predict exactly how this will come out, because as you understand, the approach for developing immunotherapies is rather different from what we would use in [unintelligible] in medicines. So in immuno-oncology, we’re really targeting the host and the interaction of the tumor and the host’s immune system, as opposed to tumor mutations such as KRAS or BRAF. That being said, I think I would say as far as we’re concerned in BMS we have a lot of experience with KRAS and [unintelligible]. We do understand what’s necessary to have a pharmacodiagnostic properly validate and to develop the data that’s going to be required for the regulators to make a decision. So I think we’re generating the data, we’ll see what the data is, and we’ll debate and collaborate with the regulators to provide perhaps a biomarker or perhaps an accelerated submission if that’s appropriate.
Francis Cuss: So I think it’s fair to say our data and others suggest that the PD-L1 biomarker will enrich full response. However, it’s also very clear that there’s a number of patients who are apparently PD-L1 negative who also respond. And I think it’s important that we don’t exclude those patients from the potential benefit. And I think it’s particularly important to say also that the data set will evolve, and we’ll get some sense of the long term response. But that being said, we’re leaving ourselves open to take the data we generate and in discussions with the regulators to come up with the best approach.
Francis Cuss: Well, I think that’s certainly our point of view. I think we’re leaving ourselves open to go with a biomarker if that’s what the data shows, but we also want to make sure that we make sure this therapy is open to the broadest number of patients. I think as far as other predictive biomarkers are concerned, there’s a lot of work ongoing in terms of understanding that interaction between the host and the tumor. And I don’t think at this point I want to share that data, but it’s certainly an area of considerable work, both internally within BMS and externally with our collaborators. As far as the next public data, let me reiterate what I said. The two-year lung data will be presented from 003 at the World Lung Conference in Sydney later this week. And then we will be getting considerable amounts of data over the next six months, within BMS, but the next time we’re planning to present publicly will be at ASCO, and there will be data sets, probably further data sets on 003 survival, 004, which is the combination, and potentially the third line Phase II study in non-small cell lung squamous cell.
Francis Cuss: Urelumab, we have a couple of studies ongoing. They’re exploratory studies. They’re event-based studies. So they will be probably reporting out sometime in 2015, perhaps a little sooner. As far as the pneumonitis rate, we’re not seeing very high rates at all. We have seen [unintelligible] with both PD1 and our PD-L1. And it’s very difficult with very small numbers. I think it’s an important potential adverse event, but it doesn’t happen very often, and we do expect, as the numbers grow, to have a better sense of that. But I think it’s very hard at this point to interpret at all about whether it will be greater or lesser with either PD1 or PD-L1.
Francis Cuss: Just to say that we always planned to present the long term data at the World Lung Conference in Sydney. You’re right, that’s not new. That was always the plan. But you’re right, the next date after that is ASCO.
John Elicker: And Tim, you’re right, we will also have the combo Phase I lung study in house, hopefully by the end of the year. 
John Elicker: And I think part of that we’re seeing the view that this is data from an existing study that had already been presented, so we weren’t presenting data from any new studies the remainder of this year. 
John Elicker: Okay, that’s going to conclude the call. Thanks everybody for joining. As always, the IR team here at Bristol is available for followups. Thank you.
