Charles Bancroft: Thanks, Greg, it's Charlie. As I mentioned in my comments, there were three main reasons for the drop in our overall tax rate, let me go through each one and take you through, which ones are sustainable as we think about our rate going forward. So with regard to the R&D tax credit which we have a double dip in 2013 as we have in 2012 benefit as well, obviously the piece that relates to 2012 is not sustainable going forward. As we talked about PLAVIX, PLAVIX is now out of our business, so that benefit we also see going forward. But remember, earnings mix will always play a role as we think about our tax rate. And then lastly, the restructuring we did, that had a positive impact on our earnings mix, we expect that this impact will be sustainable going forward.
Charles Bancroft: Okay, thanks, Mark. This is Charlie. Regarding the rate, I think your basic math that you use there is reasonable. To think about it going forward always in the business our size and diversified the global footprint, earnings mix will always play a role in the rate but overall I think that your math certainly makes sense to me. And regarding to the share repurchase program, as you know, we had two authorizations totaling $6 billion. Year-to-date were through $4.2 billion, so we have $1.8 billion remaining on that authorization. As you know, we have to build a – to suspend or utilize our share repurchase program on the discretionary basis.
Charles Bancroft: And before I really speak about the new indications, let me add something in. I mean obviously YERVOY is supported by great days, okay, but what is very important to me I’m very proud of the fact that, our analysis shows that YERVOY has been the best oncology launch in the U.S. and Europe over the past 10 years, which show a combination of good product, well developed and good commercial execution.
Charles Bancroft: Thanks David. Without commenting specifically on ABILIFY and SUSTIVA, I do want to point out the differences of those products and the rest of our portfolio actually vis-à-vis PLAVIX, which did have the ability to decrease our rate, given it was higher relative to the rest of our portfolio. PLAVIX we had unique structure with Sanofi, where it was a JV, and we had the minority interest component. So I don’t see that there is going to be a major difference in ABILIFY and SUSTIVA to the rest of our portfolio excluding the PLAVIX component.David R. Risinger – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Thanks.
Charles Bancroft: Thanks. Let me quickly talk about your question on gross margin. Let me start by saying PLAVIX overall, which is the major product for us in the U.S. had roughly the same gross margin as the total company had. So when we have lost now PLAVIX, which acted as a big stabilizer on our gross margin, we will see more quarter-to-quarter variability and we will also see variability related to as I mentioned in my comments, our partner products, so ELIQUIS in our diabetes franchise where we book the partner share up in cost of goods. Those products have clearly a lower gross margin than the rest of our portfolio, which generally had a slightly higher margin than for example, PLAVIX. So net-net, it will be a combination of our product mix. But I do see in the medium term, more downward pressure on our gross margin related to how we see the growth of our partner products.
Charles Bancroft: Yes and with regard to the representation of BYDUREON, we understand to keep competitive on this now first, once weekly administration of the GLP-1 preparation we have to continue to improve the presentation, the dual chamber, we aim to submit this year should be an improvement on the current presentation. we started the Phase III last year on the once weekly suspension. we are interested in the monthly. We are still working on the technical aspects of it, I have no significant update at this time.
Lamberto Andreotti: As to your question on ELIQUIS, while Giovanni will address specific question, so let me repeat a couple of things about ELIQUIS, and add a few things. First of all, as I said before, the approval of ELIQUIS last year was a significant accomplishment for us. We had the approvals in all those geographies, U.S., Europe, Japan, Canada, South Korea, all in just over one month’s time. This is an achievement there. And as I said before, we continue to believe that based on the data from our clinical trials, ELIQUIS has a real differentiated profile, and we were very encouraged to see the approvals in different parts of the world, reflects the risk rate action versus Warfarin in all three important outcomes of strong reduction, nasal bleeding and all because of that. So good clinical data and labels reflecting that clinical data. This unique and differentiated profile of ELIQUIS will resonate with (inaudible) and will position us well against Warfarin and against all other anticoagulant including the one you mentioned. We are working to secure pricing in access, and as I said the launch will happen in – is happening in these very weeks, in these very days. So one last point, the quality of the product as I said, there is strength for the label as I said, but there is also the fact that we both Bristol Myers Squibb and Pfizer have a strong experience, and we are leader in the cardiovascular field. All these made me very confident that we’d be very successful. Giovanni, why don’t you continue from here.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yeah. Let me first talk about the tax rate. In regard to the NOLs for Amylin, we did mention when we purchased Amylin by the NOLs, almost fully when we then basically sold the portion of the business to AstraZeneca, so that worked as a capital gain for us offset by the NOL. So there is no benefit of the Amylin NOLs going forward. As far as our tax rate vis-à-vis our competitors, I really don’t have the visibility into their earnings mix, their own tax planning strategies, and that’s something that I don’t feel perfect that we talk about in real detail.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. Our company did something that was not all that conventional at the time, and I’m very pleased with how it turned out, and that is to look at the unmet medical need of the patients that are not judged to be not suitable for warfarin, which is a size of the AF population, perhaps 40% to 50%, and these patients are often given aspirin. So the (inaudible) study that went head-to-head to aspirin does two things for us, and I don’t think a study like this could now ever be done again, and that is to show the power of efficacy of the agents in its full form. But most importantly, to have a competitor leading, and there is no statistical difference in major bleeding rates between ELIQUIS and an aspirin, and I think that was part of our development plan, it was part of our evaluation with payers and their opinion while we were designing the Phase III, and I think it’s a strong part of our label and competitive position.
Lamberto Andreotti: I don’t think we are going to give guidance today about years beyond 2014 and 2015 which you shouldn’t take –you should just take this as we’re giving guidance for 2013. But at the same time, you should have heard and I let me repeat it my comment before that we are seriously investing behind many growth drivers we have in our portfolio and pipeline, and therefore our focus on the entire company is long-term growth while delivering short-term results. Again, we’re giving that guidance today for 2013 and we are committed to deliver according to that guidance.
Lamberto Andreotti: Thanks, Andrew. In regard to European pricing, we don't see any led up some of the measures that we have seen, so we think it will be consistent with what we've seen in 2011 and 2012. In regard to dual eligibles you had a potential risk, but we don't have any impact of dual eligibles in our current guidance.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yeah. Thank you for your questions and congratulations to my teams for what they have accomplished in 2012. in fact, 2012 as I said before was an important year for Bristol Myers Squibb, one year that left me feeling very optimistic about our future. It was a year of transition that has set the stage for 2013. 2013 is a year of powerful, strong, successful commercial execution, and for the development of our pipeline. And the year of transition 2012 laid the foundation also for the subsequent years. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, good morning, this is Giovanni. Just following up on what Lamberto said, we are getting ready for launch in early February. But in fact, access is our number one priority. So our access teams are actually already working there in the field. We’ve scheduled many meetings with all of the key brands both commercial and Medicare and some of those meetings have taken place already. To add what Lamberto said, we believe that the strong profile and the quality of the label will be extremely important to access and we don’t expect significant barriers. We also have put in place specifically for commercial patients a very good set of programs in place to manage the out-of-pocket cost for patients. And that will be important in the commercial space at the beginning as we improve our access situation and then it will of course, continue to be important going forward. But we are very focused on this and the profile and the label would be very important.
Giovanni Caforio: Yeah, this is Giovanni. With respect to our performance with YERVOY and our share, we were very pleased with our performance in Q4 in the U.S. with significant growth versus Q3, and previous year. And as Charlie mentioned before, our share in first-line is we estimate at this point to be above 30% when you look at the total market in the 10% range in BRAF-mutated patients, and clearly significantly higher in the BRAF wild-type population. That the utilization in first-line continues to grow, and it’s really one of the drivers of growth that you see in the fourth quarter versus previous periods.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, Catherine. This is Giovanni. So from a U.S. perspective, as we mentioned before in Q4, we have virtually completed the integration of the teams in the U.S. with the Amylin AstraZeneca. We now have full integrated sales, marketing and medical teams that are promoting the entire portfolio. When we started working on the integration we clearly articulated three objectives for 2013 for the GLP-1 franchise. The first one was to increase and improve access. The second one was to have a competitive share of voice and the third one important in order to enable growth was to broaden the prescriber base. And we made good progress in these areas, I will give you an example about access when beginning January 1 at Aetna, we now with BYDUREON have a preferred position in both the commercial and Medicare spaces which we think is very, very important. As we think about GLP-1s, there clearly is opportunity for significant growth in the market given the availability of a weekly product, the efficacy profile, the reduced nausea of BYDUREON , the product can and will be adopted more broadly in earlier lines of therapy, and we are very focused on that. And obviously the availability of the pen will be later important to continue to fuel the growth of BYDUREON . But overall, we have really good organization in place, we are very focused on executing against the three objectives and optimistic about the performance of that franchise going forward.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, this is Giovanni. Let me just comment on the CML market specifically in the U.S. and the current dynamics. As we mentioned before, we continue to have very strong performance with SPRYCEL. We had very good sequential growth from a demand perspective quarter-on-quarter and versus prior year. That's driven by two things, the profile of SPRYCEL is increasingly valued once-daily long-term survival data, no food restriction and a good tolerability profile. And as a result of that in our commercial execution we have, a good sharing first-line and maintain our leadership in the second line setting. The most important dynamic is that Gleevec business continues to be eroded, it’s now slightly above 70% of the market in the U.S. down again sequentially every quarter and we continue to be focused on that. We have not seen significant impact from the launch of Bosutinib, which is probably predominantly used in much later lines of therapy, and it’s clearly too early to say whether we are seeing any impact from Ponatinib, but our performance continues to be strong. We clearly have strength and our focus on access in the U.S., because we understand that over the course of the next few years, we believe that generic will have an impact on the market, but we are very focused on that. Early on, we have good programs in place and again a strong position in the marketplace.
Giovanni Caforio: This is Giovanni. Let me start from ELIQUIS access. As I said at the beginning, this is our number one area of focus and we are already working on it. It’s clearly too early to give you any figure on lives covered on access, because we are just at the beginning of our meetings with payers. As a reminder, we will launch from a promotion perspective in early February, so we’re very, very close to launch. As I also said at the beginning, the profile is very strong, the data is very well reflected in a good label, so we don’t expect barriers to accent and we expect to be able to execute our plans effectively. As you know, it will be faster on the commercial space than Medicaid and Medicare. Our focus will be on working with Medicare plans immediately in order to ensure we have access in 2014, but we also will be discussing the potential for our cycle reviews early on, which could impact Medicare coverage in 2013 primarily in the second half.
Elliott Sigal: Thank you, Jami. This is Elliott, yes, we continue to advance our leadership position in immuno-oncology in PD-1 as you state clearly as an important part of our platform. We were quite encouraged last year by the day that we presented at the Clinical Oncology Meeting and appeared at The New England Journal of Medicine showing that monotherapy with this patient is clinically active and non-small cell lung cancer metastatic melanoma and renal cell carcinoma with durable responses in most patients and an acceptable and manageable safety profile. We've got – had experienced now in multiple dose levels, and we believe the activity is encouraging because it is significant in heavily pretreated patients. We show some updated results at the end of the year. So we basically have moved on this data from a Phase 1, Phase II compound into five significant Phase III studies that are all ongoing now. There are two lung studies in second-line squamous and second-line non-squamous our strategy to stratify based on that histology is based on data that we've seen. We are also doing extensive analysis looking for biomarkers, which could be a distinguishing aspect of the program. We have a renal cell carcinoma study in Phase III, and we now have two melanoma studies in Phase III, one in advanced patients post at the ipilimumab and one in untreated patients versus chemotherapy. Also we have a Phase I combination of study with YERVOY and I think one of the exciting aspects of our program is getting early experience with combinations particularly with different mechanisms to boost the immune system. That will be I think very interesting data that we’ll be able to present hopefully at ASCO this year. At ASCO, we’ll be giving updates of the Phase 1, Phase II in terms of survival data, in terms of biomarkers and all these five Phase III studies will be ongoing. And we clearly acknowledge that there is competition in this field. We are gratified to be in the position we are in. We are not going to be complacent, and I think it's important to move fast in this area with high-quality molecules that are well characterized with biomarker studies and I would say with combinations that we are in a very good position to administer and to explore. We do have a PDL-1 mechanism and that's respectable competition from Genentech in Phase I in their program I believe. Our view is, there may be a theoretical advantage to targeting anti-PD-1 because you can cover both the PDL-1 and the PDL-2 ligands. We will have to see whether that that matters. Essentially we had enough information and extensive information on PD-1 to move as we have.
Elliott Sigal: David, this is Elliot. What I can say at this time is that, as I mentioned before we had a lot of good reason to move forward in oncology with our anti-PD-1. We have a very valuable asset with our anti-PD-L1. There is a scientific basis for hypothesizing that the PD-1, PD-L1 mechanisms are relevant not only to oncology but to virology, help clear viruses for example, and they perhaps do affect cures in viruses that are sustained chronically. Now we have studied our PD-1 compound on a small number of patients with HCV. At this time, our plans are to develop PD-1 in oncology, and we’re conducting early works on the utility of PD-L1 in a variety of virologic infections and hopefully we’ll have more to say as time progresses.
Elliott Sigal: So, Chris, hi. This is Elliott, and I’ll start and in Béatrice will complement to answer your question about the significance of that outcome trial for ONGLYZA, it’s called Savor. It’s the cardiovascular outcome trial. And recall that, in this staying age, we expect most diabetes agents to undergo a cardiovascular outcome trial. And it’s important to do so to show that there is no cardiovascular harm. So one scenario and Béatrice will address this commercially is the significance of showing no cardiovascular harm. This is a 16,500 patient trial. It enrolls very well. We increased the enrollment and we’re able to buy to predict that we’ll have some read out this year, based on the number of events and the way the events are being gathered. We also took the opportunity however to add the question of could we see a cardiovascular benefit. So this is ONGLYZA on top of standard of care not including GLP-1 or GPP-4s versus standard of care, and it’s powered to show superiority. It can also test for non-inferiority on a composite cardiovascular outcomes and we have enrolled patients so that we can make statements with regard to primary prevention and secondary preventions. This one is the unique aspects of this trial. And the best case would be to show some advantage of using the GPP-4 beyond incurring no cardiovascular harm, which is suspect in many older compounds. There is two hypotheses; one pre-clinical and one clinical, that makes one want to ask these questions, but this is an experiment. Pre-clinically, GPP-4 does metabolize a variety of compounds other than GLP-1 and there has been a lot of research done talking about the advantages to Cytacon and other inflammatory processes relevant to the cardiovascular flag. The second of all, not only ONGLYZA, but every GPP-4 that’s been submitted has done meta analysis as a precursor to make sure there is no cardiovascular harm and interestingly all of these show a benefit, but these are just net analysis of short-term trials and it’s just hypothesis generally, the a definitive trial for ONGLYZA, should read out this year, and Béatrice, the two scenarios.
Béatrice Cazala: Béatrice speaking, we also very pleased with the growth in Europe, this product is now commercially heading for the (inaudible). The adoption has been very good. Our sales trajectory in countries like Germany and UK have been better than all of the oncology launch, I’ll present you, so very satisfactory growth plan. Obviously the second time to get National Formulary across Europe, we have been very pleased with the progress we have made, and during recent months we have added to all key market, country like Spain. We also got approval from NICE in the UK, and now we have ongoing discussion with the remaining markets, which will conclude in the coming months. So we’re looking forward on the products we have made and continue building that products and we are aligning with obviously the global strategy working hard on the long-term survival data, and that data is going to be cheap for us to continue growing our market share across the world for that product.
Béatrice Cazala: So you were asking also the transfer in international market, Catherine, , so it’s clear that it may take some time in terms of the transfer of marketing authorization and also non-commercial responsibilities, and that is likely to go on for few quarters. However, with our partner AstraZeneca, we are expecting a full control of the commercial operation at the end of the quarter, and we should book sales starting Q2 of 2013. You heard Giovanni mentioning the potential, I think we all agree behind the growth potential of that product. Actually, our teams across the world are very impatient outside of the U.S., to get control of the product, with the mindset of launching those products, BYETTA and BYDUREON . If we need to do that, it is clear that transition period was optimizing the sales of the product. So, the teams are currently being fully trained, and we will be fully operational as of Q2 to take over and grow that franchise in the international market.
Béatrice Cazala: Obviously commercially until we see the final results. We are planning to hold up what is in those scenarios. So you can understand that if the outcome of the trial in neutral this will strongly confirm the ONGLYZA, if you get in 50 profiles, as you know the GPP-4 clock has continued to grow. Yes less than 80% of the patient in the U.S. and less than 12% of the EU patient are being treated by that category of agents. So that’s up from Savor showing that I think neutral effect on cardiovascular would reinforce the suitability of the product for broad use as a sublime agent to treat, with improving particular ONGLYZA So knowing in the scenario where we could have demonstrated the clinical meaningful benefit in term of the outcome, we know GPP-4 so far including our label of such a benefit. So given the high rate of that in short, in a population with Type 2 diabetes, these numbers are in a significant increase adoption formula. In addition, as we move this, categories are very focused on the prevention. This will also appeal towards a broader segment of the physician not just on the cardiology physician, also (inaudible).
