Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call. I am pleased to be here today to discuss the earning results of our new company for the first time. On slide 4, let me start by reminding you who the new Bristol-Myers Squibb is today. Our mission hasn't changed. We are focused on discovering, developing and delivering innovative medicines that help patients living with serious diseases. We aspire to be the leading biopharma company in the industry. Our strategic foundation remains centered on combining the scale and resources of a pharma company with the agility and speed of a biotech. I am proud of the strength and talent of our people, who are focused on transforming patients lives through science. Moving to slide 5, I am more encouraged about our company's potential today than I was a year ago. The strength of our performance in 2019 has positioned us very well for the future. As I look at 2019, we've delivered strong in-line performance across our businesses and geographies, and we've made important progress on our late-stage pipeline.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. Thank you, Chris. So first of all, let me just say, as I mentioned in my remarks, our focus in Europe for first-line lung cancer, obviously, has shifted to 9LA, which we believe has -- and we've said before, is an important study. Let me just ask Chris Boerner to give you a perspective on our overall strategy for first-line lung cancer in the U.S., as we think about the two trials. And then, Chris can provide some perspective on Opdivo performance and the various components of that in 2020 as well.
Giovanni Caforio: And again as I – we said earlier in the remarks Chris, while we're not commenting exactly on guidance for the growth of Opdivo this year. We remain confident with growth growing into 2021. And that's our focus, particularly as it relates to preparation for launches and commercial execution.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Seamus. Let me ask Samit to start and give you a perspective both on CC-486 and then CELMoD and Nadim will make some comments from a commercial perspective.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. Thank you, Geoff. Let me start. Obviously, when you look at 2121 as we've said, we have an opportunity to return to growth for Opdivo. We have a number of really exciting launch opportunities and I've mentioned several of those. And so there is real momentum in the business, which is driven by the portfolio and how new launches come into play. That's the reason why I feel really good about the fact that the guidance we provided from -- for 2021 is driven by dynamics in the portfolio that are very encouraging for us. Of course, we will be disciplined with respect to continuing to execute on the synergies. And as you know, we've updated that we feel comfortable with the $2.5 billion about one-third will come this year and we expect about one-third to come next year. But I think the growth of next year, we're really excited about the portfolio opportunities playing out. Let me just ask Samit and Nadim to ask you -- to answer your second question.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Tim. Let me just start on both questions and then David can add more comments. So first of all with respect to guidance I think, as we said from the beginning, we were not going to go back and update the S-4 from last year. As you know there have been a number of things that have happened since last year; the divestiture of Otezla as you mentioned; the divestiture of our UPSA consumer medicines business; and on the other side continued really strong performance with our in-line business and significant progress with the pipeline, which obviously is a key driver of our performance in the next few years. So overall as I mentioned also in my remarks, I feel better today about where we are than I felt a year ago when we first announced the deal. And the strength of our in-line business and the progress made with our pipeline make me feel really good about the future and the key drivers that were behind the confidence we had last year and we have today in the business. Today we provided guidance on 2020 and 2021. I made some comments about our perspective on 2022 and we feel pretty good about where we are. So now with respect to Revlimid also there, there have been good developments. First of all, I would say the in-line performance of the brand continues to be strong and the teams are doing a great job continuing to support an important franchise. I think that's important. We had two IPR decisions, which were favorable to Bristol-Myers Squibb. We did reach a settlement with Alvogen, which was aligned with our expectations. And I would say that overall, we continue to see the loss of exclusivity for Revlimid as a slope. That is driven by sort of all the same assumptions that we've discussed in the past. There has been good development and so nothing has really changed there.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you. Thank you Chris and thanks everyone. So before we close I would like to thank John Elicker for extraordinary leadership of IR over many, many years. Thank you John. Now in closing, we've had a very successful 2019 and I'm proud of the focus that our teams have had throughout a very, very busy year. We advanced our pipeline. We delivered strong commercial execution to make a difference in the lives of patients and we are very well positioned as we embark on our next chapter as a new company. Thanks everyone.
Chris Boerner: Yes. Chris, thanks for the question. I mean, I think we continue to see 227 and 9LA as being thought of in the U.S. very much in conjunction with one another. If you go back, what we hear consistently from physicians who have seen the 227 data is that; number one, they're impressed with the potential for long-term survival with dual I-O therapy. They note the depth and durability of complete remissions, all coming with a very manageable safety profile. And so, they see that as an important opportunity for patients who either don't need or don't want chemotherapy. And incidentally, I would say, that the NCCN listing, 2A listing that we got back in December is a recognition both of the unmet need that continues to exist in first-line lung cancer, as well as the potential that exists for dual I-O therapy. What 9LA then brings to the table is, answering the question, for those patients who do need chemotherapy, does concomitant chemotherapy, two cycles in this case, along with dual I-O therapy, provide a benefit? And we're very happy to see a second study that demonstrates overall survival. So as physicians in the U.S. think about these studies, they very much think about them in combination with one another. And that's an important part of how we are going to think about our long-term strategy in first-line lung cancer. As it relates to 2020 and how we think about the business, let me say just a couple of things. First of all, the business for Opdivo in the U.S. continues to perform in line with our expectations. In second-line lung cancer, eligibility is still on the order of 30% to 35%. We expect that's going to flatten out around 30% this year. Our shares are holding stable in the 35% to 40% range. The business continues to be stable in metastatic melanoma. We continue to have a leadership position in adjuvant melanoma. And again in first-line renal, our business is stable in our approved indications. As we think about this year, as David mentioned, the business is going to continue to still be under pressure. As a reminder that pressure really comes from three tumors: it's second-line lung cancer, where we've talked about the dynamics there; and it's small cell; and head and neck. And in those two tumors it's a very similar dynamic to lung cancer, where you've seen competitive approvals in the first-line impacting eligibility in the second line. But I would say importantly, our assumption for this year is that our shares in the second-line setting across those tumors remain stable. It's just stable within a smaller pool of patients.
Chris Boerner: Yes. So let me just say something on a macro level with respect to the adjuvant programs and then I'll talk specifically about bladder. Just a reminder, that as you think about the adjuvant setting, you need to think not only about the patients who are treated today, but also the potential for patients to be treated. So, what we saw when we launched I-O in the adjuvant melanoma space was that you saw treatment rates increase significantly. And then a number of the tumors in which we are pursuing our early-stage program, you see treatment rates in the low to single digits ultimately up to potentially around 40% for some tumors. But still there's plenty of opportunity for us to not only treat patients who are being treated today, but with improved therapies, improve the treatment rates overall. With respect to bladder cancer specifically, this is a very large patient population. It's highly fragmented. And we have importantly multiple opportunities in the muscle-invasive space. About 50% of those patients are getting surgery today. We have CheckMate-078 which is in the periadjuvant setting. We're looking at the entire population with CheckMate-274 and we also have a non-muscle invasive bladder program as well. So, it's an important opportunity for us. We are still very confident in the opportunity for I-O in the adjuvant setting and we very much look forward to seeing the data.
Chris Boerner: Yeah. So let me address that, Matt. So as David mentioned in his prepared remarks, we saw Opdivo decline on the quarter versus same time last year about 2%. And let me just characterize that. That was entirely driven by the U.S., which was down about 10%, but virtually all of that decline year-over-year as a result of the dynamics we've been talking about quite a bit, which are the dynamics in second-line lung cancer. As you look on a sequential basis the U.S. was down roughly 6%. About half of that was a result of the inventory work down with the VA. The remaining portion of that was mainly the second-line eligibility issue in lung cancer. We saw a little bit of an impact in eligibility in small-cell lung cancer and head and neck. But importantly, if you normalize for the VA inventory movements what you see in both Q3 and Q4 from a demand standpoint was Opdivo was down as David mentioned in low single digits around 2% to 3%. And importantly, as we see both 2020 and 2021, the impacts that you saw in the quarter will have no material impact on what we see for the year as a whole in 2020 and for the growth opportunities for Opdivo as we go into 2021.
Chris Boerner: Yes. So Yervoy for the quarter was flat relative to the same time last year and we did show sequential growth of around 9% versus the third quarter of 2019. And that growth was driven really by both the U.S. as well as in ex-U.S.. We saw a bit of an uptick in the use of Opdivo+Yervoy, really across multiple tumors and the remainder of the business where we have Opdivo+Yervoy in the market today, as well as the use of Yervoy as a monotherapy in a selected number of indications was relatively stable for the quarter. So what we're really starting to see is the increased use of Opdivo+Yervoy really spread across multiple tumors and that's happening both in the U.S. and to a lesser extent outside of the U.S.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Seamus for the question. I think you already teed up the overall portfolio from a, what comes from the Celgene side of things in terms of hematology, where certainly beyond the ones that we've already talked about from  CC-486 certainly adds on to that. CC-486 study in patients with acute myeloid leukemia was certainly a very important data set that we presented at ASH, looking at patients with AML, who have received induction with or without consolidation chemotherapy and then achieve a complete response with or without complete recovery of the bone marrow. And what we saw over there is of course the overall survival improvement as well as an improvement in the relapse-free survival. And this is an oral agent, so convenience of delivery for these patients becomes very, very important. And this is the first and only treatment that has shown a survival benefit in the maintenance setting. So we remain excited about that and we're looking forward towards discussions with the health authority and the filings going forward. Of course, here we also continue to think about the overall life-cycle management plan with our portfolio and the combinations that could be available in the future. As it comes to the CELMoDs and then I will pass it on to Nadim to comment more on I think CELMoDs are certainly a very, very exciting addition to the overall portfolio and in the armamentarium that we look forward to developing in multiple myeloma. We see this as absolute necessary opportunity. And one of the data sets that we presented in ASCO 2019 were for CC-220, where we saw that patients who had received prior treatment with IMiD, proteasome inhibitors, daratumumab they still went on to have a response rate of 31%. And these are durable responses that we saw in this late-line setting. So we have additional plans for not only CC-220 but CC-480, which is another CELMoD looking at multiple myeloma setting. And there are a multitude of opportunities with our overall portfolio of cell therapies as well as the T-cell engagers, where we will continue to think about how to do treatments for further improvement in the outcome of these patients where cure still does not exist. So we'll be sharing those plans in the coming months as we look forward. But let me pass it on to Nadim to talk a little bit more from the commercial perspective.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Giovanni, and thanks Geoff for the question on the BCMA portfolio. So from a BCMA CAR T-cell perspective from ide-cel perspective, we've already shared some of the data last year at ASH looking at ide-cel in the fourth-line plus patient population where we saw a CR rate of 31% overall. And we're certainly excited towards continuing to expand that portfolio and towards filing of that data set itself. There are three additional studies that are currently ongoing as you can see on ClinicalTrials.gov. KarMMa-2 is the study I think that sort of answers your question that we are beginning to look at the second-line setting. So we're looking at using ide-cel in the second-line patient population. KarMMa-2 is a randomized Phase III study looking at ide-cel versus a triplet therapy for patients in the third-line plus setting. And then KarMMa-4 was just initiated at the end of last year looking at the first-line patient population in a Phase I/II study. So we're really excited towards looking into the outcomes of these studies and the data generation. And when we talk about the overall portfolio from a BCMA perspective, I think all the emerging data tells us that BCMA is absolutely an important target that we need to be able to attack from various modalities, whether it be through the cell therapies that we talked about or the T-cell engager that we have now shared the data from the Phase 1 Study -269 and certainly looking forward to now looking at how to bring that forward as more data matures and accelerate that development plan. And then, of course, we'll look into our pipeline how to combine these with as we previously discussed with CELMoD et cetera. But let me pass it on to Nadim to give you a little bit more on that.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you for the question, Terence. And as it relates to the adjuvant setting, first of all, let me start by saying that immuno-oncology products are going to play a major role in the adjuvant setting because, the earlier we can utilize these treatments, it will provide an opportunity to not only shift the level of recurrence, but provide a potential for cure for these patients. And overall, as we move earlier and earlier from the metastatic setting to the earlier setting, the overall plan that we have in place, we feel very confident about it in non-small cell lung cancer melanoma, RCC, gastric and of course in bladder cancer as well. There -- it's no point trying to do cross-trial comparisons. At this point, I think we are pretty close to where we will be starting to see the data emerging. I think just to keep in mind that, the overall patient population that we've enrolled seems very similar. And without getting into the specifics, the one major difference is placebo used in our trial versus observation in the other trial and the treatment duration is different. But I think, we should wait for the data for it to read out, rather than getting into the specifics at this time. But I think, Chris can give you more color on the commercial side.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. In the HCC arena, our focus is primarily on the Opdivo-Yervoy combination. So beyond that we're not really looking to any expanded way of looking at it this time. So that's all I can share at this time from HCC perspective. But maybe Chris you have...
Nadim Ahmed: Thanks, Samit. And then thank you for the question, Seamus. So if you think about frontline or newly diagnosed AML across EU5 and the U.S. about 33,000 patients. And about two-thirds of those patients are eligible for intensive chemotherapy and that's the patient group that we studied. And the unmet need even in newly diagnosed AML is very high. So with the elderly patients, you have a five-year survival of only about 15% and 80% of these patients will relapse within 18 months. So to have a treatment that adds 10 months of overall survival and doubles the relapse-free survival is going to be really important. So we're very excited about the opportunity in AML. And I'll also remind you that this gives us another opportunity to once again establish the maintenance treatment paradigm in another disease after we did the same in multiple myeloma. So we're very excited about the opportunity. So that's CC-486. In terms of 220 and Samit covered it very well as well as 480, we are hearing the exact same thing from clinicians who have been using the drug on study. So certainly, we're seeing the CELMoDs work after our IMiD our in-line portfolio. But I think the additional opportunity as Samit alluded to is some of our life-cycle management opportunities where we then have the chance to move these treatments up earlier in the treatment sequence to displace the IMiD. So we're very excited about that opportunity also.
Nadim Ahmed: Sure. Thanks Samit. And so one thing I will remind everyone is that once we had a good idea that BCMA was going to be a very important target for multiple myeloma, we strategically and proactively embarked on a multi-modality approach to treating this disease. And our thinking there was that you have very different patient segments that can benefit from CAR-T versus a T-cell engager and even ADC, which we have early on in the clinic. So as you think about the various patient segments, patient profiles and patient preferences, you can envisage where a patient has the opportunity to receive CAR-T with a one-and-done treatment that allows them to have a very long treatment-free interval. So there's an opportunity to do that. Physicians may choose to refer their younger and fitter patients for CAR-T for example. You may have somebody who prefers to be treated closer to home for whom a T-cell engager will be an ideal treatment. And then both treatments work differently. For a T-cell engager, you need to continue the treatment to stay on top of the disease. And with the CAR-T therapy it's a once-and-done treatment. So we think there's definitely room for both and even potentially three modalities to coexist one within the same line of therapy, but of course also across multiple lines of therapy in exactly the same way we approach Revlimid and Pomalyst in the multiple myeloma market. So we feel very confident that we're actually delivering on our strategy and there's the opportunity for multiple-patient segments to benefit from all these types of modalities.
Nadim Ahmed: Great. Thanks, Chris. I'll pick up on CAR T. So, I think a couple of things I would mention as you alluded to. So, clearly there have been some headwinds in the marketplace. And I think about things like reimbursement access environment, complexity of manufacturing, also the safety profile of current agents has led to most of the administration being conducted in the inpatient setting. So, we're addressing all of those near-term headwinds. So a couple of things I would say. So if I use just liso-cel as an example, the data we showed at ASH of the pivotal data, we're seeing a safety profile where we're seeing significant reduction in the incidence and severity of CRS neurotoxicity, which we think bodes well to be able to give this treatment in the outpatient setting, which will allow us to expand our prescriber base. So we're excited about that. The other thing that's important to point out from a differentiation of BMS is that, we do have very deep relationships with hematologists and that includes multiple myeloma that includes lymphoma. So, our footprint out in the community will really help us to drive those referrals into the treatment sites where CAR Ts will be given as well as expand out into the community with assets like liso-cel. So from where we're looking, we think we're addressing the near-term headwinds. In terms of the access environment, ongoing work continues in terms of addressing the DRG issue. Great news last year that the National Coverage Determination wasn't implemented so that could have impacted site of care. So that's not an issue for us now. From a manufacturing capacity capability between Summit and Seattle, we feel very good about capacity at launch. And we also have longer-term plans to expand that footprint to make sure we continue to have great capacity. But the other final thing I would add is, we've seen transformational data in very late-stage setting. But I think the true potential of these therapies is moving them up earlier in the treatment sequence from a long-term potential perspective. And you heard from Samit that we have a very aggressive life-cycle management plan for both of these assets that will allow us to unlock that long-term potential for these transformational therapies.
Nadim Ahmed: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I think part of the issue around the access reimbursement environment has as I said previously has been driven a lot by the fact that many of these treatments have been given in the inpatient setting. So, one I would say if you have a treatment that has the potential to be utilized in the outpatient setting then you start entering into the Part B environment, which is very different to the inpatient capitated DRG environment. So that's one point I would make especially as it pertains to liso-cel. I think in the inpatient setting the challenge has exactly been that decapitated treatment. Even having said that though, as things have started to improve, we saw the NTAP improve to 65% last year through CMS. I think there's been lots of talk and we've been working on a potential DRG for CAR T specifically. Currently, sites are having to use the DRG for stem cell transplant, which under-reimburses the cost of CAR T therapy. So there is work to do, but the two things I would leave you with is outpatient represents a discrete different opportunity which isn't affected by capitated payments. But at the same time I think CMS is working on the opportunity to come up with a specific DRG potentially for CAR T. And I think that will help reimbursement in the inpatient setting also.
