Charles A. Bancroft: Thank you, Giovanni. Good morning, everyone. We had a very good quarter, driven by strong demand from our key products, leading to 17% sales growth and 30% non-GAAP EPS growth over last year. Overall, FX had a negative impact on EPS of about $0.02. Let me start with a few additional comments on our sales performance. As Giovanni mentioned, Eliquis continues to do very well, with Q2 sales of $777 million. We continue to see strong TRx growth trends quarter on quarter, some of which was offset by the workdown in the quarter from the Q1 inventory build in the channel, as well as a higher Q2 Medicare liability. Opdivo has become a foundational immuno-oncology agent. And that is reflected in its continued strong performance. Physician adoption of Opdivo remains strong in markets where we have launched and have reimbursement, with PD-1 shares of approximately 80% in the U.S. and in key international markets. With approvals now in 54 markets, international sales for Opdivo grew to $197 million in the quarter. Sales in the U.S. grew 8% sequentially over first quarter, driven by strong demand growth, which was partially offset by wholesaler inventory movement of approximately $45 million. Yervoy sales were down 19% versus last year, driven mainly by pressure internationally from the launch of PD-1 agents. In the U.S. Yervoy was up 32% compared to last year, driven by regimen use. We expect pressure to continue internationally, until we secure reimbursement over the next year, following our approval of the regimen in Europe for metastatic melanoma. Daklinza had another good quarter, with sales driven mainly by strong demand in the U.S. and Europe in the genotype 3 patient population. We expect that competition from recently approved therapies will significantly impact the U.S. business in the second half of this year. In Europe we also expect significant impact once access is secured. Empliciti sales in the U.S. were $33 million, as we continue to focus on gaining new trialists and driving demand in a very competitive relapsed refractory market. Now I'll move to our non-GAAP P&L. Gross margin was 75.3% during the quarter, down 100 basis points compared to the same period last year. This is primarily due to product mix, including the strong performance of Eliquis and the U.S. Abilify contract expiration. MS&A was up 9% versus last year, driven by our investments behind new brands, including Opdivo, Eliquis, and Empliciti. This was partially offset by lower spend on established products. R&D expenses were $1.1 billion in the second quarter. The increase in spending was primarily due to grants, Opdivo study supplies, and other immuno-oncology investments. Other income was approximately $90 million, up versus prior year, which benefited from royalties we now receive on Erbitux, R&D expense reimbursement from our deal with ViiV, and higher diabetes royalties. This was partially offset by the writedown of our uniQure equity investment of $45 million. As I mentioned last quarter, diabetes royalties are higher in the first half of the year, due to the tiering structure of our agreement with AZ. We therefore expect overall OI&E to be slightly lower in the second half of the year. Business development remains a key priority and a strategic source of innovation for our company. During the quarter we announced the acquisition of Cormorant Pharmaceuticals and their novel antibody program targeting IL8, as well as four clinical collaborations that support our combination strategy for immuno-oncology. Switching to guidance. We are adjusting our non-GAAP EPS guidance range to $2.55 to $2.65. This range assumes current foreign exchange rates. With the dollar weakening against the yen, we now expect the impact of foreign exchange on EPS to be $0.05 to $0.07. I know our MS&A expense was higher than many of you expected during the quarter. This was primarily due to the timing of investments behind Opdivo. And we still expect MS&A to decrease in the low single digit range. We now expect R&D spend to increase in the mid-teens range, driven by investments in Opdivo and other immuno-oncology programs. This also accounts for the increased spending related to business development transactions completed this year. The effective tax rate is now expected to be 22%. As Giovanni mentioned, we are very pleased with the strong performance across the entirety of our company. And now look forward to your questions.
Charles A. Bancroft: Jami, this is Charlie. I'll take the first part of your question. So related to Opdivo sales in the U.S., our out movement, so our sales to the channel, was 17%. So that's indicative of how we view demand. And as we look at the inventory with our wholesalers, that actually on a per month basis dropped slightly from what we had on a percentage basis from in the first quarter going into the second quarter.
Charles A. Bancroft: Thanks, Seamus. This is Charlie. So we book the Ono royalties in revenue under what's called alliance revenue. And the amount for the quarter was approximately $150 million (sic) [$50 million].
Charles A. Bancroft: Yeah. And, Gregg, on Hep C, as aclusa (48:10) continues to get formulary listings, we expect a fairly dramatic drop off beginning in the third quarter. Let me just correct something I said earlier. The Opdivo sales in Japan that we book is about $50 million in the quarter.
Charles A. Bancroft: Yeah. And, Gregg, let me just add to what Murdo had talked about on Eliquis. You may recall from my comments last quarter that we had an inventory build of about $40 million on Eliquis, which we worked down in this quarter. And we also had a $25 million adjustment to the coverage or pharmacy. And we also in this quarter had a little slightly higher Q2 Medicare liability related to the donut hole. So there's a number of ins and outs related from the first quarter to the second quarter. And that's why I think Murdo, as he referenced, prescription trends is a better barometer for Eliquis.
Giovanni Caforio: Andrew, this is Giovanni. Thank you for your questions. Before Francis addresses some of your I-O question, let me maybe just take the CMMI question. As you know there has been a draft proposal made, published by CMS. There have been a very large number of concerns raised and questions and comments made that are being reviewed. And while we don't have an exact timeline with respect to the publication of a potential final rule, obviously that is what we are waiting for. I would say that what many stakeholders really have been concerned about is the possibility that changes that are suddenly introduced in the reimbursement mechanism for part B products may have an impact in where patients are treated and may lead to a reduced capacity to treat patients in the community, which obviously would not be good for patients and would create significant burden for hospitals. And so that is one of the elements we will be looking for, because obviously it's critically important for patients. With respect to the rule becoming voluntary, that we will have to see. Clearly this is a time in which there are multiple other pilots in the market. And therefore, a voluntary rule may enable physicians to participate in one pilot and not have a very complex set of schemes they have to operate under at the same time. So I would leave it at that.
Giovanni Caforio: Yeah, good morning. This is Giovanni. Let me just make a couple of comments, and then maybe Murdo can address your question specifically with respect to Orencia. Let me just go back and say that first of all, I'm very pleased with our performance in lung cancer in the U.S. and internationally. When you look at our quality of execution, the penetration in both squamous and non-squamous, and the market share we have in second line, there is clearly broad acceptance of Opdivo in the physician community and familiarity with the use of the product, based on the strong data. And I think that will be a really important point for us going forward, because in lung cancer, Opdivo clearly has become the foundational therapy. We're also very pleased that we are seeing similar dynamics happen in every international market in which we have obtained reimbursement at launching. And overall, we continue to maintain a very high percentage of total PD-1 sales in the 80% range. As we think about our lung cancer strategy going into first line, as Francis mentioned, we are very confident in our understanding of the disease, of Opdivo, and in the design of the clinical trial. And overall, I would say in the long term we're also very comfortable with our strategy that has a really strong pillar in monotherapy. But then over the next year or so, we'll transition into the potential use of the combination therapy. So we feel we are very strongly positioned in first line today. And we have a really solid strategy for maintaining a leadership position going forward, as immuno-therapy moves into the first line setting. We will have to look at the study once we obtain the results of the study to really understand the data. And as Francis said, we are weeks away. We're not months away. And we'll be obviously prepared to communicate the data when we have it.
Giovanni Caforio: And maybe just, Seamus, to add on a related topic. My perspective is that when you look at what our experience has been in second line, I believe that going into first line, it will continue to be extremely important to have data and the label that enable physicians to treat the largest patient population that can benefit from a product like Opdivo. Because what we have learned in second line clearly is the desire of patients to move up, away from chemotherapy, and physicians to treat lung cancer patients with Opdivo. Going into first line, having a data and potentially an indication in a significantly broader patient population will continue to translate into an important element for us. And I agree with Murdo that given strong data, we don't see testing as a limiting factor in first line.
Giovanni Caforio: Jeff, let me just take the I-O combo pricing question, and then Murdo will give you some perspective about dynamics in HCV. I will go back to what we said a few minutes ago at the beginning. Our experience is that given strong data and significant patient value, payers are providing access to combo regimens in I-O. And when you look at the evolution of combination regimens, depending on the dose of different agents and the frequency of those, the incremental cost to payers is very sustainable. Because when you look at our regimen in melanoma for example, during the phase of induction, which is the 12 weeks in which two products are used together, the cost of induction is only 6% higher than monotherapy. And then when you look at the regimen that we are taking into -227 for lung cancer, there is a lower dose of Yervoy, which is administered every 6 weeks. So all of that to say that at this point we continue to think about the regimen that has the strongest data in the label and offers the most value to patients and the one that is reimbursed. And one that is reimbursed by payers and adopted in the marketplace.
Giovanni Caforio: And let me just add to what Francis said. Because I think this is a really important part of our strategy as a company. First, I would say we're very pleased with the potential of Opdivo and Yervoy. And it's clearly at this point, the only combination regimen that has demonstrated significant efficacy and an acceptable safety profile. We started that work in melanoma. We've clearly in R&D expanded and progressed that work very significantly in lung cancer. I believe that the doubling of response across all levels of PD-1 expression versus Opdivo monotherapy in lung cancer in study -012 is extremely promising. And we are also challenging ourselves, and we have challenged ourselves to find the regimens that are tolerable, which we believe we have with the new regimen in lung. At the same time we are taking this combination regimen to many more tumor types. And the data continues to be extremely promising. So it's really not a dogma. But in reality it is a proven mechanism of treatment of patients that is demonstrating clinical trial, at a clinical trial to have a really big role to play. As Francis said, our objective is at the same time to continue to accelerate new mechanisms of action into the clinic. That's why we have eight immuno-oncology agents into early development. And we will continue to work to raise the bar beyond what we think is already a very important accomplishment with Opdivo and Yervoy.
Giovanni Caforio: Marc, this is Giovanni. Let me just say on Opdivo, it's very difficult to give exact numbers by indication. These are relatively small data sets. They're very dynamic. Trends are clear. But we're not breaking down sales by indication by quarter. The market share evolution, which we've communicated consistently in every one of the tumor types, represents a much better indication of where we are with penetrating every one of the opportunities. Let me just ask Francis to give you a perspective on the rest of the pipeline outside of oncology.
Giovanni Caforio: And, Colin, maybe let me just make a comment on business development before we close. Our areas of focus for business development, which as we mentioned at the beginning, remains a really important priority of the company. And really the therapeutic areas in which we've decided to focus our internal R&D effort. So outside of oncology, which clearly is the priority, there will be cardiovascular medicine, immuno-science portfolio, fibrosis, some of the genetically defined diseases. Those are the areas in which our business development teams are active.
Giovanni Caforio: So with that let me close the call and thank all of you for participating. Again we had a very strong quarter. I'm very optimistic. It continues to validate our strategy, demonstrates the ability of the company to execute at very high level. It positions us well for the rest of 2016. And clearly at the beginning of a period of growth, it creates a really strong platform for future growth and success. Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Andrew. As you correctly note, pseudo progression was an issue in the early days of I-O with Yervoy. But because we've generated a lot of data now with Yervoy monotherapy – and of course with the combination. Of course we have the benefit too of looking at that data before we designed our -227 study. And I can assure you we've taken it into account as we've set up the designer study. So we don't believe there will be an impact on the way we've done our study here. Talking about CRC, we're focused on diversifying across a very broad range of differentiating mechanisms of action and evaluating different combinations with I-O. Based on those where we have a biological rationale, in particular tumors, and particularly where we're not seeing sufficient activity with Opdivo monotherapy or Opdivo/Yervoy regimen – and that would include colorectal cancer. Now as you said Roche presented phase 1 data in combination – of their PD-L1 in combination with the MEK inhibitor. And I agree. While the data was early and the size of the study was small, the combination did appear to show activity. We continue to look for combinations both externally or internally with our several early stage assets, which would help us to identify patient populations and mechanisms. And certainly CRC is a focus for that. I would just comment that we presented in the MSI nonstable or the MSI high patient population. Very interesting data, not just at monotherapy but combination at ASCO. And so there are some parts of CRC where we think our regimen will have an effect. Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, David. So let me just take you through the analytical hierarchy here in the -026 study. So as you recall, if the primary end point of PFS is – in the strongly expressing patients is met, we will then also look at the total randomized population. That includes all those that expressed a greater than the 1% level, which represents about 70% of the first line patient population. If we hit PFS at the greater than 1%, we can then test for OS in both strongly expressing and the greater than 1%. Now just to remind you, overall survival is a secondary end point in CheckMate -026. And we can still file without a positive OS result. Now the selected population of high expressers is not 50%. So we should be able to describe the effect at 50% cut off, once our analysis is complete. And just to finish, as I've noted in the past and I'll note again today, I'm confident in the study design of -026. And I look forward to seeing the data in weeks, not months.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Geoff. So first of all, let me say we were very gratified at the progress we've been seeing in the regimen in a number of tumors now. As you saw at ASCO, in many cases where we see benefit with Opdivo, we see further benefit with the regimen. So we – this is a high priority for us to expand our understanding of where the Opdivo/Yervoy regimen will play. As far as the dose is concerned, it's becoming evident that not all tumors have the same dose. We're not altogether certain what the biology behind that is. But we think it's significant. And we are paying great care to the dose, because we believe it will be relevant in terms of delivering the optimal value of the regimen, which as you see in the -012 data we presented, really does lead to fast and rapid responses, which in the past in melanoma has led to prolonged survival. So we're very optimistic about that. Now that being said, we are not trading off our excitement about the Opdivo/Yervoy regimen against the next wave. And we are certainly accelerating our efforts, bringing more compounds into the clinic and are looking particularly in areas where Opdivo monotherapy and the combination are not as effective as we would like.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Jami. So first of all, let me say that we will be publishing the -012 data. But we don't see that as our definitive registration opportunity. Of course, -227, the situation there is we have estimated the final read will be in early 2018. But like all our studies we have a good – we've built in optionality. There is, as you know – well there's basically two studies there, one that's in expressives and one in nonexpressives. We are very happy with the recruitment. And it's likely that the expressive will read out first. And since it is a dual end point of OS and PFS, we've certainly – should the data be positive, would possibly have an opportunity to look at PFS somewhat earlier. So the way we've set up the studies gives us a lot of optionality and a lot of opportunities to take good data that we see earlier, should that be the case. Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss: Tim, Good morning. A lot of questions there. So let me start. As far as Keynote-024 is concerned, it's hard for me to comment without having the trial design and the enrollment details in terms of the crossover. Just to remind you, both studies allowed for PD-1 therapy after progression on chemo. And we're not actually aware of any technical differences that would create a difference in the crossover. Now as you know, there's always a possibility that OS may be compounded in an open trial. And that's why we paid a lot of attention to the timing of the analysis. I mentioned that over the last few months. We also made sure that the CheckMate -026 protocol that the patients on chemo were required actually to have their progression confirmed centrally before they were allowed to receive Opdivo. That's important, because that reduced the amount of wobble around that. So again we think it's always an issue. But we think we've minimized that in terms of getting a potential result, both in terms of PFS and of course OS. We will as usual be looking for the earliest opportunity to present the data at a conference and publish it. And I'll say again, we're not going to talk about the high expressor cutoff at this point. But you obviously will have an opportunity to see that when we talk about the data. Thanks very much.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Seamus. So let me say we do understand of course that OS and PFS tend to go together, but it's not a foregone conclusion that PFS and OS will go the same way. Although we do understand and have set this up with every possibility that that would be the case. And we – of course we hope that it will be. As far as weight – and I would just add that obviously we've had approval based on PFS alone. So there's – and that was the case with the combination melanoma. So just having PFS alone certainly gives us a good opportunity to make a submission to move very quickly. Just as far as I think it's unlikely, but certainly not impossible that one won't – that it's unlikely that we would get OS later if we don't see it at this point. But of course we continue to follow our patients over a long period of time, and we will be following that.
Francis M. Cuss: Chris, good morning. So just to remind you, the -227 is really two large, separate studies, expressives and non-expressives. We've been very pleased with the enrollment. And the express – enrollment is indeed complete.
Francis M. Cuss: Gregg, thank you for that question about Rova-T. So small cell lung cancer is a very important part of our broad lung cancer strategy. And as you saw we have some very interesting data that we presented at ASCO around monotherapy. And particularly the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy together. And we're actually very pleased about the collaboration with AbbVie, because we – it's exploratory in nature. But we're exploring the safety and the activity and the sequencing of Rova-T together with Opdivo alone and Opdivo/Yervoy in patients who have previously failed platinum treatment. And I think there is – like many of these early studies, there's no specific timeline that one could point to. But obviously if we see promising data in a disease that really does need more options, we'll obviously be looking to move quickly into potentially registrational studies.
Francis M. Cuss: Tony, thank you. That's a good question, because clearly our aim is to develop regimens that really push out survival for patients as long as possible. And doing it with – as well as that great efficacy potentially, but also with a tolerable regimen. And I think we're beginning to show that that's certainly possible with Opdivo and the Yervoy regimen. And it's possible across many tumors, but not all. But in our recent reorganization, this week actually, we are sort of facing the innovator's dilemma. And we certainly see the opportunity to take the next wave of combinations. And we've sort of separated out the group that will look at that, indeed to try and beat monotherapy – I'm sorry, to beat the Yervoy/Opdivo combination. So we're certainly not being complacent at all about this. And we're trying to set up a situation where overall we would want to have options for patients and certainly bring forward the best combination. And if we can beat Opdivo/Yervoy or make it better in some way, we'll certainly be prepared to do that. And that's exactly what we're trying to do. So we're not just putting our eggs all in one basket. We're keeping a very open mind and trying to drive forward to the great opportunities in I-O, which we think there are. And beyond I-O as well into other combinations.
Francis M. Cuss: So I can – it's a very short answer actually, Mark. Yes, I am confident in that we've done everything to do that. I just want to take the – I think there's another part, which I just want to take an opportunity to call out the – our development, regulatory, and filing teams. Because I think there's another dimension to this, which is the speed aspect. And as you said, 2 years ago we were wondering how we'd deal with everything. Now I think we've seen these teams deliver nine approved indications in 18 months. And what would be an exceptional performance for anyone else has become the norm for these folks. And I just know they're relishing the opportunity to get their hands on the data for -026 and to maintain or even exceed the performance they've already done. So it's a very – they're a very excited team. And we're very confident in them to move this quickly forward. Thanks, Mark.
Francis M. Cuss: Thank you, Marc. So while we have actually a sharp focus obviously on maintaining our leadership in I-O, we're also committed to having a diversified portfolio. And as with I-O, our goal is to discover and then develop quickly potentially transformation medicines in our other areas. So I'm most excited at the moment about the burgeoning early imminent signs of the portfolio that we have. We've got a portfolio of now about 15 assets from preclinical through to mid stage. Many of them have the potential to be first or best in class. And we're looking forward to sharing data with you perhaps in the next year or 2 years, as we see the progression, which is beginning to accelerate. Thanks.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Dave. I'll take your first question and then pass over to Francis for the second question on the first line study. We're very pleased with the quality of the earnings in the second quarter and very pleased with the demand performance of Opdivo. And seeing strong – continued strong demand trends across all of our approved indications, as well as seeing really high quality execution gives us confidence that we'll be able to continue strong demand moving into the third quarter. Obviously there are some dynamic events that will occur throughout the back end of the year, including first line lung data evolution as well as head and neck indications, which have PDUFA dates for us and our competition in the second half of the year. We also continue to look to prepare the market as we focus on PD-L1 testing for that first line commercial execution later in the year.
Murdo Gordon: And, Geoff, your question regarding payer push back on the combination of Yervoy plus Opdivo in melanoma. I can tell you we've been really pleased in the performance of Yervoy plus Opdivo in first-line melanoma. And now we are the most frequently prescribed regimen or treatment in first line melanoma – metastatic melanoma setting. In the U.S. we enjoy very, very good access, greater than 90% open access to the combination. And in fact, the reimbursement process with the regimen is going – for melanoma is going very well across Europe with recent positive recommendations in the U.K. in NICE, which as you know is a very, very high threshold. What's driving that obviously is the very strong efficacy and the appreciation of the durability of the long term survival benefit.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah. So we're seeing strong demand there, Jami. And we feel good about the out movement from wholesaler into the different channels that we serve. When we look at the data that other companies like Lilly have reported on their performance in front line squamous cell carcinoma – and just a reminder, that's the smaller segment of the front line market, representing about 25% to 30% of total front line patients. We are seeing a bit of off label usage there. We've maybe got penetration in the neighborhood of 10% to 15% by our calculations and estimates, from some very thin data that we look at that tracks that. And then in non-squamous, I would stay it's much lower. It's about 5% in front line off label use.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. And, Vamil, related to Orencia, we're really pleased with how we're seeing Orencia evolve. At the beginning of last year we launched a campaign to focus on the early rapidly progressing patient. And given the size of this market, it takes some time for a new focus patient type to really take hold in the marketplace. And I can see now across the world, emerging strengthening trends in Orencia. In the U.S. in particular, we're seeing very good evolution of our subcu formulation of the product. And in major markets across Europe we also see good acceleration of the subcu performance. We have an additional catalyst for growth in Europe with new labeling that allows Orencia to be promoted for methotrexate-naive patients with moderate progressive disease. So that also gives us an opportunity in the latter half of the year.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah. Your second question, Seamus, related to France is actually just a clarification. So we do have funding in France for Opdivo across our labeled indications. What we haven't done is negotiated a final price to formalize the reimbursement. And that's why we haven't recognized revenues yet. And you're correct in recalling Daklinza. It's a very similar situation. Once we establish an agreed upon price with the French reimbursement authorities, we'll recognize that revenue. And it would appear as a single bolus number.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah. And, Chris, on testing. As you know right now, testing in the overall lung market is quite low, with about a third of patients being tested overall. Two-thirds of those patients are front line patients, because of difficulty in sourcing tissue availability in second line treatment. We do feel that it is the intent to prescribe a PD-1 that will drive PD-L1 testing. And given that the label for at least both us and our competition will require PD-L1 testing, we do feel it will drive quicker in front line than it has in second line. You've got tissue availability, and you've got a need to test. As far as using analogs for it, I'm not sure I can guide you on that, given that in the immune checkpoint inhibitor market in general, we have seen fairly rapid evolution. So I would say I would err on the side of a very fast uptake of PD-L1 testing in front line.
Murdo Gordon: Jeff, regarding our Hepatitis C franchise, we have seen a maturation of our business in Japan. New competitive entrants have significantly reduced our performance there. In Europe however, we continue to sustain a very high penetration of the genotype 3 patient population with market shares in the range of 70% to 90%, 90% being in France. However, with the advent of velpatasvir combination with sofosbuvir, as they secure reimbursement, we would expect downward pressure on our business across Europe as well. And I know you didn't ask about it. But in the U.S. that would be a similar theme. We would expect in Q3 a decline in our Hep C business. I will say, very proud of the teams at BMS who work in this franchise and what they've done. They've shown outstanding execution and real focus and really making a very de-prioritized, let's say, opportunity, that some people may have looked at into a very good one for the company.
Murdo Gordon: So thanks for the question on Eliquis. Total prescription volume for Eliquis grew 14%. So that would give you a good demand indicator. We did have some inventory movement quarter over quarter. But given the strength of the TRx demand performance, we're seeing a very good trend there on Eliquis. And we think that we'll continue to drive a very strong back half of the year.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, so the first question on Empliciti, Tony, is – basically what we're seeing is a lot of competition with a lot of new entrants and new data coming into the multiple myeloma market. I would say we're still getting our indicated population. We are still seeing some second line relapse refractory patients, as well as later lines. We're watching this market closely. And we're being very specific in describing the patient type that benefits from Empliciti. So more to watch. This market's still very dynamic. And there's more that will happen there obviously in the future.
Murdo Gordon: And, Mark, on your question regarding second line duration of treatment. As I've said before, we need about 2 years of end market experience to determine what our actual duration of therapy is. So we're still light on that. But we continue to use clinical trial experience and our PFS curves to estimate the number of months before a patient progresses. That's what we continue to use in all our forward-looking assumptions.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Colin. Good morning. So basically we said we are going to talk about some of our next wave assets in the second half of the year. I can now confirm that we will be making disclosures at ESMO around the safety of Lirilumab in combination with Opdivo and Yervoy in advanced – in a number of advanced refractory solid tumors. Also the safety and preliminary efficacy of Fucosyl GM1 in relapsed refractory small cell lung cancer. And we will actually talk about the FRACTION trial design. We'll talk a little bit about this adaptive phase 1/phase 2 approach to speeding up our combinations. And then after ESMO of course, you know there's SITC. There, we'll be talking about Urelumab – I'm sorry, Lirilumab and Urelumab, safety and preliminary efficacy of the combinations with Opdivo. And we'll talk for the first time about anti-LAG-3 safety and PK monotherapy in combination with Opdivo.
