Giovanni Caforio: Chris, thanks. This is Giovanni. Murdo will address your question on international Opdivo sales. Let me say that we are very pleased with how reimbursement negotiations and activities are going internationally. That really reflects the value of Opdivo and the data. And then Francis will cover your question regarding timing for first line.
Giovanni Caforio: Jami, this is Giovanni. Let me just start with your second question and give you my perspective on strategy in first-line lung cancer. Francis will add to my comments and then answer specifically your questions about study design. I feel very strongly, and I am very optimistic about our strategy in first line. Because we obviously have a lot of experience in lung cancer through our second-line registrational strategy, which has given us not only a very broad approval, but also very clear insight into physicians' prescribing behaviors, the adoption of Opdivo, the speed at which chemotherapy has been abandoned. And while there obviously are differences between first line and second line, we really think we have developed a deep knowledge of this market, specifically as it relates to immunotherapy. So when you think about our strategy, our approach is broad and informed by science. We have, I am convinced, the right approach of investigating monotherapy, both in a broader population of PD-L1 positive patients and in a subset of patients that express PD-1 at a higher level. We have advanced a really exciting combination strategy through Study -012 and obviously the Phase III study on going. And we are also investigating the right combination of chemotherapy in the right patient subgroups. And so when you look at the totality of our first-line lung strategy, we believe it is the broadest approach. It is informed by data and science and a really strong understanding of market dynamics.
Giovanni Caforio: Tim, let me start by [CheckMate] -568. And as we've said before, we have a very broad strategy in first-line lung. And obviously because of the strength of the profile of Opdivo and the importance of first-line lung, every study gets, rightfully, a lot of visibility. There are registrational trials, practice informing trials. And -568 is really a practice informing trial as we've designed it. The Phase III study [CheckMate] -227 is really the critical registrational strategy there. That's really the way to look at it. Obviously as we've demonstrated before, we are executing our strategies very rapidly, with speed. There are degrees of flexibility and optionality built into every one of our trials. But that's really the reason why we did -568 is to inform medical practice. Francis will address your question on FRACTION and [CheckMate] -026.
Giovanni Caforio: Mark, let me just add a couple comments there. First of all, on Study -026 it's obviously not appropriate to speculate on other trials. Let me just reiterate. We are very comfortable about the design of our trial. We are very comfortable about the depth of understanding that went into the statistical plans. And we are increasingly comfortable about the choices we've made in terms of the dosing and schedule of Opdivo, as it relates to the efficacy we are seeing, both in the marketplace and in clinical trials. And I think it will be important to really look at the results of our study to understand the performance of Opdivo in the first-line setting in lung cancer. With respect to length of therapy in lung, as we have seen get post approval, Murdo will give you some perspective there.
Giovanni Caforio: And, Steve, this is Giovanni. Just to maybe address another of the elements you highlighted. So first of all, our timing in Q3 is not driven by an interim analysis. It's driven by our understanding of the completion of the study. And the time change is not driven by an increase in event threads.
Giovanni Caforio: Andrew, let me just – this is Giovanni. Let me just start with a couple comments. And Francis will follow up on some of your questions as well. So first of all, with respect to intellectual property. Obviously as the leader and the innovator in this field, we have a broad estate of patents and intellectual property, which we are defending vigorously. There are a number of legal proceedings ongoing, some of them initiated by us, some of them initiated by Merck in the U.S. and Europe and Australia. I would say that in the cases in which we have received an opinion from courts, we are very pleased with the initial developments there. And many of those cases will take a long time to conclude. But we feel very strongly about where we are from an IP perspective. And we are optimistic about the first court decisions. With respect to the business development activity you mentioned at the beginning, obviously we know the field in lung very well. As you also know, we have a clear priority in business development. We look at many opportunities all the time. And we look at the value of platforms in the context of what our programs are. And as Francis will tell you we have strong confidence in the breadth and depth of our pipeline, specifically as it relates to small cell and non-small cell lung cancer.
Giovanni Caforio: And obviously that's on Hodgkin lymphoma. Head and neck we are working on the dataset in anticipation of a submission.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, everyone. So we are at the end of the call. I would just like to thank all of you again for your questions. I reiterate that we're off to a really strong start in 2016. We're beginning the chapter of growth I've discussed before. And we are successfully laying a strong foundation for our future. Thanks, everyone.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, thanks, Chris. Overall we're feeling very good about what's happening in Europe. Our performance in Germany and France has been very good. France is hard to see, because we're currently not recognizing those sales until future price negotiations. But we are doing very well across the indications that we have. If you will recall we have our indication in metastatic melanoma, squamous lung at the beginning of our uptake curve, and then recently additional approvals coming in that are yet really showing in our demand curves. We've also seen, as Giovanni mentioned, very good response to the value of Opdivo in terms of our reimbursement negotiations. Many of those negotiations and discussions with the various governments in Europe have gone quicker. So we now enjoy good access in Germany, France, as well as recently Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands. We're continuing to work with – and these are relatively – these are all broad indications. No restrictions on PD-L1 status. And we're working on additional things for the new indications in non-squamous when we have those discussions. The other thing I will say is that we are still working through the HTA markets, so Canada, U.K., Australia. And as anticipated those will take a little bit longer. I will turn it over to Francis.
Murdo Gordon: Sure. Thanks, Colin, for the question. Yeah. We're really pleased with the Eliquis performance across all of our worldwide markets, inclusive obviously of the U.S. More than doubling our volume from first quarter last year. So really, really strong. We're seeing this growth really across all markets, in cardiology, in hospitals, and in the community setting. So we have very strong new-to-brand prescription shares evolving. We're now the number one NOAC in the U.S. in atrial fibrillation and VTE treatment. So we're very, very pleased in new-to-brand Rx there. That's a 47% share. And we're now within 10 points of our closest competitor, Xarelto, in TRx share in the U.S. So we've got nice leading indicators. We think we will continue to evolve that market share in cardiology and in primary care across all of our major markets in VTE and in AF. So really that's going to be a continued trend that we're driving. We see very good leading indicators, as I've mentioned before. We see cardiology as that leading indicator. And we see our hospital business there. So we're feeling quite good about it.
Murdo Gordon: Colin, just one other point. You asked me about the Portola as a catalyst for Eliquis. Fortunately, Eliquis has one of the lowest bleeding rates in the NOAC class. However, we do feel that the advent of the antidote should increase the comfort level for some physicians who continue to prescribe Warfarin, albeit a modest one.
Murdo Gordon: Sure, Mark, as you hinted it is early days. And we would prefer to have a 2-year in-market experience, so that we can do a full 1-year look back and provide more quantitative estimates of the duration of therapy that we're seeing in the second-line lung market. I would say we're very encouraged by the long-term follow-up data that were presented at AACR. So we expect to see duration of therapy in line with clinical trials and hopefully even a bit longer.
Murdo Gordon: Okay. So, Geoff, I'll start. It's Murdo here. We're seeing some evolution in testing. And it's primarily in the first-line setting, when tissue is available. So we're seeing 1% or 2% increases month over month. We're currently running at about 30% of patients being tested. And over 60% of that is in the front-line patient setting. So very few second-line patients continue to be tested. So clearly, we have decided to commercialize our companion – sorry – our complementary biomarker PD-L1 test. We have a full commercial effort behind that. And we are setting the stage for what could happen in the front-line setting, which would be a testing market, as that's how we've defined our clinical trials.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, thanks, Gregg. Your question regarding pricing in the U.S. on Opdivo. So far we've actually seen very good access to Opdivo and a good appreciation of its value across all of its current indications. And are close to 100% reimbursement without restrictions to those indications. We're also seeing continued strong reimbursement of Yervoy and very good reimbursement of Yervoy plus Opdivo in regimen and in combination in metastatic melanoma.
Murdo Gordon: Okay, John, I'll try and handle the first and part of the second question. And then Francis and Charlie can jump in as required. So first-line lung segment. If you take a 50% cut off you're talking about 25% of the market, approximately. And if you take a greater than, let's say 1% cutoff, you're looking at about 70% of the market in terms of relative size. When it comes to second line – sorry – your second question. When you look at the other indications in the U.S. we believe we've invested appropriately for commercializing those indications. However, we've stated we want to be leaders in I-O. Right now we have dominate share of voice in all our core tumors. We think we can continue that with the hematological team that we have currently selling Empliciti and Sprycel. I think Hodgkin's lymphoma fits in really nice there, and there's a good customer overlap. And then other solid tumors, we think we're appropriately resourced as well for.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Chris. Given the success we've had with our clinical trials, we're actually very confident in our ability to determine the appropriate time to perform the analysis of I-O studies. You'll appreciate this a result of having developed the broadest I-O dataset in lung cancer and having considerable experience now with applying non-proportional analyses to PFS and OS curves. Now regarding CheckMate -026, we said that both the events and the timing of the follow-up were important considerations for the timing of the analysis. And I want to say that based on what we now know about the progress of the trial and the current event rate, we believe we could have the results from CheckMate -026 in the third quarter, which as you appreciate is earlier than we had previously estimated. Now I just want to emphasize, there are always risks inherent in clinical trials. But this change in timing of having the data does not increase it for the CheckMate -026 study. Thanks.
Francis M. Cuss: Right. So let me just say, Seamus, that – let me give you a little bit of background on FRACTION. This is an innovative Phase I/Phase II design for early combination trials. And as you appreciate we have a number of potential combinations at the moment. And this allows us to look at promising signals of activity, to actually also test hypotheses about the underlying biology of combinations, and you know we're – as well as checkpoints, we have a number of non-affecter (22:01) mechanisms as well. And of course to generate data to inform future combinations. So therefore, the FRACTION trial should allow us to efficiently identify the activity of promising novel combinations and quickly move them into potentially registrational trials. Now as we've said, data from our early assets have started to come into house this year. And we're moving forward with the anti-LAG-3 antibody refraction study, as we think there is an opportunity to improve upon Opdivo monotherapy or the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy, particularly as you say in those patients who don't respond initially or who relapse. I think the important thing to say and to put this in the context, the broader context, is that we are very confident in our broad strategy in first-line lung. And we want it to address a very broad population. Now we clearly have emphasis on first line. We already have second line. But we do believe that the Opdivo/Yervoy regimens could further improve overall survival. And I want to note that we're really looking forward to presenting additional data from [CheckMate] -012 at ASCO. So overall, we want to ensure that as many lung cancer patients as possible can benefit. And whether that's with monotherapy, combination Opdivo/Yervoy, exploring other combinations, which FRACTION will allow us to do more quickly and efficiently, and whether that's targeted therapies or indeed chemotherapy. So very broad program. Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss: Thanks, Giovanni. Good morning, Jami. So let me emphasize. We've really taken great care in the design of Study -026, in its choice of its end point, the optimal timing of the analysis, which I just mentioned, the role of non-proportional, the hazard ratio, the role of PD-L1 expression, the sample size. And we've used the results of many of our published and unpublished data to look at this. And essentially we remain very confident. We think we've got the optimal balance of speeds and design. And to deliver results, not just in a narrow population, but in the widest population of first-line lung patients, as we've done with other studies of Opdivo recently. Just to be very specific, in the trial design we're looking at both strongly expressing patients and patients with any level of expression. We have not actually disclosed the actual level of what strongly expressing PD-1 is, but it's lower than 50%. It's not clear to us that you need to have very high levels of PD-L1 expression to benefit from treatment. And if you'll recall the OS curves from -057, the shapes of the Kaplan-Meier curves were similar across the 1%, 5%, and 10% cutoffs. So overall, everything we know has gone into this study. We're very happy with the way it's progressing. As I said without additional risk to the analysis, we were able to bring forward the analysis this summer. And we look forward to seeing that data then. Thanks.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Colin. So I think it's interesting, in first-line lung most companies are taking a fairly similar approach to monotherapy, as we've heard by looking in the RITs population. But on the other hand the strategies with combination regimens like the Opdivo/Yervoy one that's we'll see in [CheckMate] -012, approaches there are quite different. Some are focused as you know on combinations with chemo. Others are looking at combinations for low or PD-L1 non-expressors. We actually believe our strategy is quite differentiated. And we believe that – and I want to reemphasize this – that I-O combinations, specifically Opdivo/Yervoy, is the best way to improve upon survival expectations for the patients over the long terms. Now we're very encouraged by the safety and efficacy of dosing of the regimen in non-small cell lung, based on the data we presented last year at the World Lung Conference. And we're really looking forward to presenting an update of the CheckMate -012 at ASCO in June. So that will be a more mature dataset. And of course it's under embargo, so I can't say anything more about it now. But we are looking forward, with that and everything else in June, to really an exciting ASCO for us. Because as well as the updates on existing tumors, we're going to be looking at new tumor – effects in new tumors and data from registration studies in Hodgkin's and head and neck. So let me just finish by talking about the CheckMate -568 study. And I want to really emphasize that we have full confidence in the CheckMate -227, which is the definitive randomized registration study for first-line lung in non-small cell lung. So – but we do, however, believe that the experience we gain from single-arm studies of combinations like -568 can help inform us about future medical practice as part of the expansive data generation strategy that you've heard from Giovanni and myself. Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Tim. So let me say again, and I want to reiterate, we have not changed our analysis at all. The PFS analysis will be on the hazard ratio of the PFS curves in the strongly expressing population, as we've said before. And of course this takes into account the totality of the Kaplan-Meier curve. If the primary endpoint of PFS is strongly – is met in the strongly expressing patients, we'll also look at all the randomized populations, which includes all those that express at the greater than 1% level. That hasn't changed either. And overall survival is a secondary endpoint and will also be analyzed, as this is obviously clinically important. But I think it's worth reminding everyone that OS could be confounded by the crossover, which is allowed within this particular trial. So let me just say nothing has changed in terms of the analysis. What we're able to do as we've watched the drug – I'm sorry. As we've watched the study mature in terms of the duration of therapy and the event rate is that we're able to advance it forward without any increased risk to the study. Now just a quick note on FRACTION. FRACTION is a study that gives us enormous flexibility. So you've picked up on an interesting point. There are a lot of patients in this. But it allows us, depending on the data, to move to additional arms or to ramp up in the arms there. So it's not the same as you would expect for a registrational study, where you come up with the number at the beginning. It's about efficiency. It's about speed. It's about being able to identify signals and move quickly, should we see them. So thank you very much.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Geoff. So I think what you're referring to is the blueprint study at the AACR. And just to remind everyone, these were the Phase I result, so a two-phase effort to compare four of the PD-L1 diagnostic assays across 39 non-small cell lung cancer tumors. This was cross industry collaboration between four pharmaceutical companies, including us, and two diagnostic companies. And the idea was to provide greater clarity on the analytical performance of each assay. Now the results indicated that two of the assays appear to be highly correlated. And three of the four assays were analytically similar. And in this first phase of the study, while some differences were due to scoring approaches and selective cutoffs, the assays were deemed not identical and interchangeable at this point in time. And I think one would say these preliminary results are not intended to alter the current guidelines for each diagnostic. But also I want to say is, very importantly, these findings confirm the quality and the utility of our assay. So anyway we're moving forward into the second phase. We'll have to see how that goes. But obviously we're working hard with others to try and get to a point where there is some interchangeability. Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, David. So let me just talk about ASCO. And I just want to reiterate, we're really looking forward to ASCO. And there will be a number of areas of interest for us, as well as the updating longer term data on previous studies. But you did specifically ask about that. Obviously I'm under embargo, the ASCO embargo, so I can't really give you any more color. But what we have done in the past, and you should expect, is that in these studies, particularly ones that are particularly interesting, we are presenting updated data, where the patient follow-up is extended. And in the context of immuno-oncology, the durability responses is a particularly interesting aspect of this. So one would expect a complete update of the whole data set. As far as LAG-3 I think as I've already said, I was – and I appreciate how closely people look at the ClinTrials.gov data. But particularly in the FRACTION context, particularly these adaptable and flexible trials. Some of the changes, even quite large changes in numbers of people and duration, don't necessarily correlate with how the drug is and isn't going. And particularly in this trial, I think we removed one site or a country. And as a result you saw a big change in the numbers. So it's not representative of the progress. As far as novel I-O combinations I did want just to say that first of all, we're very excited about the progress we're making with what has now become a fairly conventional, but still effective, I-O combination of Opdivo and Yervoy. As you appreciate it's – as Charlie mentioned, it's approved in the United States now. And should be approved soon in Europe. And we have a number of trials ongoing and planned. Some registration in lung and renal as you mentioned, others exploratory. And you'll be seeing data from some of those at ASCO also. We're also continuing to bring novel I-O agents into the clinic. We now if I'm correct have six other possible combinations. And OX40 should come into the clinic in June. And the CD73 we hope later in year. So we're very excited about the opportunity this offers us to really expand the opportunity for patients to get those durable responses across the broadest number of patients possible. Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss: Steve, I think it's – I would be very careful about speculating at all. Let me just say – and I want to repeat what I've said already. We make a decision based on the event rate and the duration of therapy. And in this particular study, for all the reasons we've already discussed, it's really important to get that right. We believe based on our experience and our record of success, we have – or we will be getting it right. But I can't speculate about the result. I do think all I would say is, if this was – if I knew the results and I knew how to predict exactly the events, we wouldn't need to do the trials. So the thing is there is always a degree of uncertainty in this. But I don't think where we are towards the end of a trial, there is any uncertainty left in terms of months and months. So we are looking at the third quarter with a good deal of confidence. And I just want to repeat again, it's without any reduction in – oh, I should say no increase in the risk in terms of the study design.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Andrew. So first of all, let me just reiterate. We believe that the I-O combination is the best way to improve upon the expectation, the long-term expectations of patients. But we have got some trials based on a very robust set of data with various chemo/Opdivo regimens with considerable follow-up as well. So just to remind you we have, as part of our [CheckMate] -227 study in the non-expressor population, a chemo combination. And we also have actually a CheckMate -370, which is a treatment informing a study in the community, looking at different approaches, different regimens, different sequencing of chemo. So while we're focused on I-O/I-O combinations, we're certainly open to the idea of chemo in certain patient segments. I think as far as the small-cell lung cancer, which you intimated from your question about DLL4, chemotherapy there has an important role to play. And DLL4 is – the target is one way of addressing that with an ADC. We think Opdivo and Opdivo/Yervoy combinations – and we'll be presenting data on this at ASCO coming up – have an important role to play in small-cell lung cancer, both on their own or potentially in combination with other regimens. Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning. So let me first of all talk about 137. We will be – we've said for a while we will be presenting data later this year. And we will be doing that. And we have studies in monotherapy in a number of tumors and in combination with NIVO and actually other agents too. I think what's important to say here is that we believe the bar has been raised and will be continued to be raised quite high by the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy. So I think that's the benchmark to which we are looking to, as we look at the data and consider whether to bring further combinations forward. As far as CD73, I'd draw your attention to the fact we presented data on this at the AACR. It's one of a number of non-effector mechanisms we're looking at in combination. We believe we're certainly at the front of this. And we're certainly looking forward to bringing it in and moving it into our FRACTION approach to efficiently and quickly see if there's some activity there.
Francis M. Cuss: So let me very quickly say, the FDA has accepted our sBLA. We've got priority review. The EMA has validated our type 2 variation. The Japanese Ministry of Health has validated our application, and where we're presenting the data at ASCO in June. Thanks.
Charles A. Bancroft: Yeah. And let me just – Seamus, just a couple of points on the R&D line. So in the quarter we were up 17%. But there are timing issues that relate to any quarter year to year. For the full year, as I mentioned in my comments, we are raising guidance slightly. We were at high single digits for R&D, and now we're in low double digit. Part of it's some of the things that Francis had mentioned and what I mentioned in my comments regarding clinical study supplies, some of the new BD things that happened since year end, and additional biomarker diagnostic work in oncology. They're the main elements.
Charles A. Bancroft: Yeah. And, Gregg, on your question on the U.S. Eliquis, as I mentioned in my comments we did have a one-time positive adjustment due to the Medicare coverage gap. That was about $25 million. And there was a slight increase in (51:03) inventories, we think up to about $40 million.
Charles A. Bancroft: Yeah, John, just on your question on leverage. Even our revised guidance in 2016 provides roughly (1:04:09). And as we stated many times (1:04:15) going forward throughout the decade, throughout the rest of this decade, but also beginning more acutely next year.
