Vincent Mihalik: Thank you, Mark. The Amylin sales and marketing organization continues to remain focused on our day-to-day business, driving revenue for our currently marketed products, BYETTA and SYMLIN, and preparing for the launch of BYDUREON in the United States. From a clinical standpoint, we had a strong presence at this year's ADA conference, with new data supporting the safety and efficacy profiles of BYETTA, SYMLIN and BYDUREON. Notably, we presented long-term data from the BYDUREON clinical program, demonstrating that the benefits of BYDUREON therapy are sustained in patients out to 3 years. Results like these add to the growing body of data that supports the value proposition that BYDUREON could deliver to the healthcare system if approved.  Specifically for patients, BYDUREON provides continuous glucose control with a single weekly injection and no dose adjustments or multi-step titration schedules. These attributes, along with an improved GI tolerability profile relative to BYETTA, could help BYDUREON fit conveniently into patients' lives. For providers, BYDUREON carries the safety and efficacy heritage of the exenatide molecule, along with consistent A1C reduction across patient types.  For payers, real-world data from their extensive claims database where their members are taking BYETTA, along with head-to-head comparative efficacy data from the DURATION program, both highlight the potential benefits of exenatide therapy. With BYDUREON now available in the United Kingdom, we're excited to have the opportunity to monitor the early stages of the launch there and in other European countries as it becomes available, and apply those insights we gained to the planned U.S. launch.  Now let's move on to discuss our results in the second quarter, starting with BYETTA. BYETTA sales increased approximately 1% quarter-over-quarter. The increase in sales were generally in line with pricing actions during the quarter, offset by a 3.1% decline in prescription volume. We continue to see physicians start new patients on BYETTA because of our well-established safety profile, our strong effects on postprandial glucoses and our competitive access. We are encouraged by the fact that the GLP-1 class in the United States continues to steadily grow and believe this is a clear sign that the market is willing to adopt new entrants into this important class of therapies, a sign that bodes well for the launch of BYDUREON.  Additionally, the clinical data we're generating is being used by our managed care team to reinforce with payers the value delivered with BYETTA therapy, and we continue to maintain broad managed care coverage with greater than 80% Tier 2 access. This strategic advantage will serve as a platform for our planned launch of BYDUREON.  Simply put, for patients, providers and payers, BYETTA has proven and sustained A1C control, powerful postprandial and fasting blood glucose reductions, potential for improved beta cell function, a low risk of hypoglycemia, strong patient support programs and broad managed care access. Now let's move on to SYMLIN, the first and only FDA-approved Amylin analog. As a reminder, SYMLIN is our wholly-owned compound, that addresses unmet needs for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes, who use mealtime insulin. SYMLIN reduces blood glucose fluctuations for more time in the normal range and improves glucose control, often with weight-loss.  As Mark mentioned earlier, SYMLIN revenues increased by approximately 13.2% during the quarter. The revenue growth seen with SYMLIN was driven by an increase in pen prescriptions and pricing actions during the quarter. As expected, we continue to see some volatility in SYMLIN prescriptions as the remaining SYMLIN vials work their way through the channel following the discontinuation of this presentation.  Our conversion efforts continue, and we are now seeing the pen account for greater than 95% of all prescriptions, with the majority of the remaining vial inventory in individual retailers. The net impact of the transition away from the vial was a decline in total prescriptions of approximately 3%. Let me close my portion of the remarks by saying that we continue to build momentum and enthusiasm for the GLP-1 market while we prepare for the launch of BYDUREON and for a potential launch of BYETTA plus basal, if approved, an important indication that creates additional opportunities for BYETTA in the future.  I'll now turn the call back over to Dan for a few additional thoughts.
Vincent Mihalik: Sure. So, Catherine, obviously, much depends on the label you get from the FDA and how different it may be from the proposed label because you can print at risk to try to shorten down the launch timeframes, but if there's major differences in the final label, then obviously, we have to throw all that away and start over. So I would say, in terms of planning, you're probably thinking in weeks rather not -- rather than days, just to be on the safe side. And of course, we'll try to launch as quickly after approval as we can. But keeping in mind that, obviously, with the second complete response letter, we did slow down the manufacturing folks and actually put the line into a mothball, so to speak. We'll have to dust that off a little bit, and we already are in the process of doing it in anticipation of, as you pointed out, likely a first quarter launch.
Vincent Mihalik: So Tom, thanks for the question. Let me first say that as you know, type 2 diabetes continues to grow at about 6% to 7% annually. And we are seeing some really nice growth in adoption in the GLP-1 market. The U.S. GLP-1 market was about $260 million in the first quarter. So it's trending to be about greater than $1 billion, I'd say, in 2011. And given current growth rates, I think, it could be $2 billion in 2012. And we're seeing substantial growth in both the U.S. and Europe. I think that does reflect greater interest and understanding of the needs and benefits of GLP-1 given the number of people not making a goal. I'd also say, that to your question, endos write the vast majority of scripts in percentages. But if you look at the number of writers, PCPs dominate. Therefore, more PCP writers than endos. And we're seeing greater adoption among even more PCPs. This is not surprising. I've always talked about the fact that the size of the diabetes market, if you look at where the vast majority of scripts are, 80% of all scripts come from about 45,000 to 50,000 writers, and they are a combination of endos and PCPs. And those are the most active group, as you would expect, with GLP-1s. So we do see physicians embracing GLP-1s more. We're seeing that with the second entrance in the GLP-1 market that they're embracing it for not only its benefits, but also convenient dosing. And I think all of that bodes very well for BYDUREON.
Vincent Mihalik: Actually, Dan, I think you've covered it pretty well. Obviously, at this stage, a lot of market research, a lot of advisory panels with KOLs, clearly trying to understand the different rare forms and also understanding how reimbursement might play into this and how we would actually register patients potentially as a way to identify even greater numbers and making sure we understand the different rare types of this disease and how that all plays out. So I think you covered it pretty well.
Dan Bradbury: Thanks, Vince. Before the close of our prepared remarks, I'd like to thank the employees of Amylin for their hard work and dedication through the first half of this year. Their efforts and commitment to the organization have enabled us to respond to the FDA ahead of our own expectations while delivering strong financial results. And for that, they deserve to be commended.  In closing, I'd like to reiterate that I, along with the Amylin leadership team, remain committed to creating value for our shareholders, our employees and most importantly, the millions of diabetes patients we're focused on serving.  I will now ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Dan Bradbury: It's Dan here. Thanks for your question. Actually, I can't comment on it. The responsibility for pricing outside the United States is the responsibility of Lilly. And their strategy that is being employed. Obviously, in the United States, the responsibility for pricing for BYDUREON is the responsibility of Amylin. And at the point that we launch BYDUREON, I will make that available to people. So sorry, I can't comment on Lilly's strategy.
Dan Bradbury: Sure. So obviously, we want to agree with the FDA the specifics of the program going forward. However, I think it's fair to say that our expectation is that the program would be one that would be consistent with the BYDUREON program in that it would be a line extension development program, and we would expect that the reference to that program would be BYETTA as the initial product that was registered with the exenatide molecule.
Dan Bradbury: Yes. Thanks, Matthew. Thanks for the question. I guess our expectation would be, and to be clear, that the tQT study that was just completed was conducted with exenatide and helped the individuals at therapeutic and higher-than-therapeutic levels, levels certainly that would be greater than those, which would be expected with exenatide once monthly. So our expectation would be that the tQT study that we just completed would be referenceable for the exenatide once-monthly program going forward.
Dan Bradbury: Well, Catherine, Dan here. I'll just get back to you regarding your question regarding the BYDUREON pen. What we've guided is that we expect to be able to launch the BYDUREON pen by the end of 2012 or the beginning of 2013. Obviously, we've given ourselves a fair window there largely due to regulatory uncertainty. So I think the answer to your question is yes and yes, in that there is work that we still need to complete for the BYDUREON pen, but we have also built in some flexibility with respect to the timing of expected regulatory approval.
Dan Bradbury: So the lawsuit is ongoing. I really can't comment too much on the specifics of the lawsuit but just to say that we do have an appeal with respect to the preliminary injunction, which is being reviewed currently by -- in the appellate court. However, the main lawsuit is continuing and will continue for some time. I would also add that we intend to work with our partner, Eli Lilly, in the meantime to ensure that we successfully launch BYDUREON together.
Dan Bradbury: Yes. So just to reiterate what I've just said into the previous caller, our expectation is that both Lilly and ourselves will work together to ensure that BYDUREON is successfully launched. It's in both companies' interest to ensure that, that is the case, and both companies have committed to that end.
Dan Bradbury: So, Dan here. It's a great question. Terence, the -- so the BYDUREON manufacturing process has multiple components to it. So the manufacturing of both microspheres and the filling of vials has already begun and is continuing as part of the manufacturing for the European launches that are occurring. The key aspect that needs to be undertaken here in the United States is actually the -- that Vince referred to is related to the packaging line. The work for that is ongoing now at this point. We implemented that just at the completion of the tQT study. And so our expectations are that we will build inventory coming into the launch, but the final packaging, as Vince mentioned earlier, is somewhat -- is dependent upon the approval, and therefore, we have to wait until that's printed before we fully package the products for launch. But that is a very short timeframe, by the way. Once we know what that is, it's a very short timeframe for the completion of that process.
Dan Bradbury: Yes. So we've guided that our thoughts today are that the covering the spectrum of the rare forms of lipodystrophy, for which we've applied for is around 1,200 patients here in the United States, around 3,000 globally. We're trying to get, as I mentioned earlier, greater specificity in that regard. And also within that estimate, also trying to get greater specificity with respect to each of the different rare forms of lipodystrophy that are being covered as part of our application. One of the key things for us to work out is the range of patients with regards to this variety of disease, and therefore, the likelihood with respect to the use of metreleptin and of course, the dosing of metreleptin that would be used. And that impacts our pricing decisions.
Dan Bradbury: Well, again, thank you, this morning, for your interest and for your questions. We have a huge opportunity to continue to advance our mission of discovering, developing and commercializing medicines to improve the lives of patients, particularly those patients with diabetes. We continue to be excited about the prospects for BYDUREON in the near term, and I would like to also take this point to say, once again, thank you to our leadership team and to the dedicated employees of Amylin, who remain focused on building the business today, as well as laying the necessary foundation to success for tomorrow. If you have any further questions regarding today's call, please call Michael York or Jeff Erickson in our IR team. Thank you.
