Francis Cuss: I’m certainly very excited moving to the HCV program for the recent data that is presented at EASL. As you’re well aware this is a non-interferon non-riba, non-ritonavir triple, and we showed very impressive efficacy data and well tolerated regimen, and I think we have had numerous and very good interactions with the FDA and I think it reflects the potential importance they see in this regimen within its profile. We also have the advantage here of being able to move quickly. We have accelerated the Phase III into the fourth quarter this year and I’m confident we will have a fixed dose combination to take into Phase III which will be presumably a simple one tablet twice a day regimen for 12 weeks.  Just moving to PD-1, PDL-1 as you know we published in New England Journal last year, our experience both with PD-1 and PDL-1 we have the advantage of being the only company that’s been able to look at both of these regimens and based on the data we saw both efficacy and safety we are moving forward with PD-1 with an opportunity to accelerate that forward.  I think it's important to note that we also talked about biomarkers in those publications and we will be looking at biomarkers but we have left ourselves open with the option of a program that doesn’t necessarily rely on a biomarker the data that would support it. 
Francis Cuss: Just on the dose of Nivolumab, we obviously tested comprehensively different doses and as always we make an analysis of the best therapeutic index. So our analysis taken together with the dosing regimen came out that three was the optimal dose. As far as PD-LI versus PD-1 is concerned, you can certainly read the data we have presented last year in the New England Journal. I will tell you as an overview we have seen similar toxicities for both PD-1 and PD-L1 of similar degree. So, our analysis was we were somewhat ahead on PD-1. There was a suggestion perhaps of greater efficacy, but of course, it’s very early studies and we were able to accelerate PD-1 forward. Thank you. 
Francis Cuss: So couple of things to mention, as you know our monoclonal antibody comes from the XenoMouse model developed by (inaudible) and his colleagues at Medarex. So we have a fully human anti-body, it's IgG4, anti-body and the mutation in the hinge region to make a consensus for ICG-1. There has been some suggestion but immunogenicity there is absolutely none in our feature and we have not seen anything in the clinic. I think it's important to also always to look at the (inaudible) of these anti-bodies and us being a fully human anti-body we see very low opportunity nearly in 1000 patients we have treated now. I think as you mentioned Genentech anti-bodies that’s of course the CDR grafted anti-body and I think it's again important to tell a different target on immune-cells and so one should look carefully at the immunogenicity and one measure of data course is what your dose is and we have as we just mentioned the previous question a low dose which reflects that the low immunogenicity sort of itself there. 
Francis Cuss: Thanks Elliot. So, we have talked just a moment ago about our excitements around nivolumab, but I think it’s important to realize that we have a immuno-oncology platform and I find it incredibly exciting that we actually have seven immuno-oncology assets now between early and full development. We have got more than the 1000 back in discovery. And we have put together an integrated hypothesis driven kind of combination strategy. You will see the first fruits of that at ASCO when we present some preliminary data on the elotuzumab, nivolumab combination, but as the number of other combination trials ongoing in early clinical research. And we have a translational – global translational immuno-oncology network, where we are partnering with academics around the world to help to develop models and develop clinical data to help us bring forward what we believe will be the flowering of IO, which is in combination therapy, which will allow us to continue providing transformative clinical benefit to patients. Thanks. 
Francis Cuss: Let me just quickly talk on business development, we have always said that it's an important component of our balance approach to capital allocation and it has to pass three hurdles. That’s to pass strategically, does it make Bristol-Myers Squibb, it defines hold up and does it make financial sense for us and we said we’re agnostic around the deal size but if you look back retrospectively around our string of pearls you can see the type of deals that we have done. 
Francis Cuss: Let me take that one Mark, so it's just not true actually that we haven't seen responses in patients without PDL-1 there may be several reasons to this one maybe we just don’t understand the mechanism well enough. It's true and you can look back at our data last year that was higher response rate at the PDL-1 patients but it wasn’t exclusively so and it's continued to be the case here. One of the particular issues I think with the number is the sampling of the tumors that would be heterogeneous, so you always run the risk of having a key which is apparently negative but other tumors are positive. So, we’re taking the view that we’re doing a very comprehensive Phase III where we will be looking at patients with or without PDL-1, we will collect the data. We will be able to make a submission either based on a biomarker or not on a biomarker but of course our principle is we want to make this medicine, all the medicine available to as many patients as possible. 
Francis Cuss: And on ELIQUIS, Steve, the best again to look at performance is to look at the development of TRX is in the U.S. obviously with the launch of any product in the U.S., there is a distribution to the channel and that was the case with ELIQUIS as well at the beginning. 
Francis Cuss: Thank you very much, David and thank you for your best wishes. Let me say a word about this whole area. So, the pancreatitis are causing pancreatic carcinoma. And as you well know ever since the GLP-1s and DPP-4 inhibitors came out, there have been reports to the FDA the patients who developed pancreatitis while treating with these patients, of course these patients are at risk anyway of pancreatitis. And of course all the agents that are both GLP-1 and DPP-4 has actually carried the warnings about pancreatitis, which of course, a reflection of these reports. Now, I think it’s always important to say these reports are regarded as hypothesis generating, because the way they are collected and they are not hypothesis confirming and I must say we have no evidence from either our non-clinical or our clinical sources as to cause a relationship between the treatment with these medicines and pancreatitis and of course it's done exhaustive and oncology using the standard techniques and we see nothing either with (inaudible). In particular there is no increase of pancreatitis observed in randomized clinical trial and a number of observation studies in healthcare day’s basis have also demonstrated no effect. So taken together based on all of this we have partnered (inaudible) of course are very confident of the positive risk benefit profile of the drug and I think we’re interested to hear what the science when it reviews because we know that other sponsors of these medicines have the same results that we have that we can find no cause or link. So we’re looking forward to that scientific discussion just to comment on pancreatic carcinoma, it's very similar that we find no link either in our animal studies and of course we have done carcinogenicity studies in rodents for two years we see nothing there or in the clinical studies. And I will comment a recent paper which of course stirred up some discussion on this from (inaudible) colleague. We find this actually quite difficult to interrupt and though significant limitations around their both their link with the animal studies and of course the way their views there patient group. So, we are going to be presenting some data I believe at this FDA meeting and say we look forward to seeing the science review. Thanks very much. 
Elliott Sigal: I will deal with different classifications that you talked about and Francis will address the fact that we’re selecting a dose. With regard to the dose side-effects the choice of PD-1 versus PDL-1 and the different ligands. It is true that these different designations of including Fast Track and Breakthrough are not mutually exclusive and I think however the way I’m viewing this I’m very pleased with the interactions we have had when our program was at an earlier stage and now has a well-designed broad set of possibilities for indications early approval acceleration. These designations don’t convey any guarantee for downstream action like early approval or priority review et cetera but our program is designed to take advantage of the full array of opportunities here. 
Elliott Sigal: Chris, this is Elliott. As I have said before, I have been privileged to leave this R&D organization through a very important transformation. And my last act has been focused on a very efficient transition. So that the great momentum that you are sensing continues and I believe in Francis Cuss, we have the leader to affect that important transition. And we have a team that supports him that is responsible for how far we have come. So, I am very excited about the timing here, because not only the leadership, but the timing have mainly been coincides with the great deal of momentum and catalyst, not only in the late-stage, but moving from discovery into the mid stage. And Francis has been the leader in charge of that and should comment on some of the exciting things that we both see. 
Elliott Sigal: I will just repeat what we’re saying is that we have breakthrough therapy and HCV, we do not have breakthrough therapy on PD-1 we utilize it to different mechanism that provides, we think the same kind of advantage to get the advance stage we’re at with regard to (inaudible) we believe that it is good for the SGLT2 field to not have not only our first in class molecule approved in Europe and things progressing well there but the U.S. FDA division recognizing the mechanism by the approval of a competitors. We will be submitting mid-year, our submission would be even stronger data on the benefits side and I believe all the questions are safety addressed and I do believe these will be important members of (inaudible) and that we see differentiation. 
Elliott Sigal: Well, Steve always asked me this since the last time I can answer. No, I haven’t seen the data. And we expect to be looking at it sometime in the summer. I am not exactly sure when the events will be completed. Maybe there was confusion, because we can’t say exactly what meeting we will present, be able to present at, but we certainly want to present towards the end of the year. And the meeting that you mentioned would be the likely part. 
Elliott Sigal: Yeah. And Steve, it was approximately $11 million in the U.S. although in Japan we were expecting in the broader sort of GP arena to have a little bit more. 
Elliott Sigal: Regard to the doughnut hole, I mean the doughnut hole it's a reflection of the portfolio it depends on the products and which ones are taking like Medicare patients. So we haven’t really seen anything different from our original plan. So I can’t comment on beyond that, in regard to the Medicaid reversal of the 36 million that relates to as states continue to provide us with the billing we review that vis a vis our accruals and assumptions that we made when we originally established and so it's just basically a throw up of some of our year accruals. 
Elliott Sigal: Yeah, just to add something on GLP-1s in the U.S. market, we see significant opportunity for continued growth of GLP-1s. They are currently prescribed to less than 10% of diabetes patients in the U.S. and they have been prescribed at the beginning primarily by endocrinologist. In fact, the prescribers’ base at this point is much more narrower than you see with classes like DPP-4s. The class is growing very rapidly we believe that will continue, because with the availability of BYDUREON as a weekly agent, the good efficacy and the very good tolerability profile of BYDUREON, there clearly is room for increased penetration in primary care. That’s exactly what we are focusing on and that is what we are beginning to see happen. So, we see continued potential for growth with GLP-1s. 
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, good morning Seamus. This is Giovanni. Just to follow-up on what Charlie said. As you know, we have been working with Pfizer and promoting ELIQUIS in the U.S. since the beginning of February. And so far although it’s early clearly the launch has been going very well and very much in line with our expectations. We have positive feedback from our customers on the differentiated profile of ELIQUIS. And let me give you a couple of comments about early indicators. When we started our focus on the launch we focused on access, we focused on hospital formulary listing and stocking. That’s important as you know, because over 50% of initiations are in the hospital. And also we started promoting with cardiologists and with a group of early adopter PCPs. From an access perspective, as Charlie mentioned in the introductory remarks, we are doing as well and maybe a bit better than we have planned. Right now, we have coverage in approximately 90% of commercial lives and in approximately 60% of Medicare lives. Importantly, we have covered status with all five top Medicare Part D plans. And with three of those five, we have actually achieved preferred status. So, that is going in line with our plans and obviously we are continuing to work on that. From a hospital perspective, we are continuing to make progress. We had a very large number of P&T committee reviews in April. There are many more planned for the month of May. That is going well and will continue to improve over time. In terms of our promotion to physicians, the efficacy and safety profile of ELIQUIS is really resonating very well. The talk, I may even recall, messages are really around efficacy and safety and the three end points which is different from other agents which are being prescribed primarily because of convenience on the contrary so we see that all of the leading indicators are in line with our expectations. They are very positive and that clearly reinforces belief that Eliquis will become overtime the leading agent in the indication and that clearly would result in growth over the course of the year and into next year. 
Giovanni Caforio: This is Giovanni let me comment on the diabetes portfolio performance in the U.S. So first going back to the comments made by Charlie at the beginning of the coal, over the last two quarters in the U.S. we have fundamentally transformed our commercial organization, we have integrated the (inaudible) Bristol Myers Squibb teens. We have realigned restructure an increased the sales of our size of our sales organizations and that transition has been completed at the end of the first quarter and we acknowledge that during this period of transition in a very competitive market we have seen some disruption to our commercial effort. Now on Q2 and beyond that transition is behind us, our teams are fully staffed. We have the right level of resourcing and our teams are back in the market promoting the full portfolio products. With respect to ONGLYZA you will remember that ONGLYZA grew very rapidly increase its market share and had very strong performance in 2012. In the first quarter of 2013, we have seen flattening of our TRX share and some loss of our MBRX share, which is really related to the factors I described before, but also to the fact that the DPP-4 market growth slowed down considerably and clearly the competitive pressure in this segment increased. We have seen a flattening of our share in March and April. And I think that is a positive indicator and we are really focused on returning to growth during the remainder of 2013. With respect to BYDUREON, when we started promoting BYDUREON, we had set three objectives for us as we started promoting this franchise. The first one was to improve access for BYDUREON. The second one was to broaden the prescriber base, particularly in primary care. And the third one clearly was to accelerate the development of the dual chamber pen and bring that to market. So, we have made progress in all of those areas. Access for BYDUREON has improved in both commercial and the Medicare space. We have actually grown significantly the prescriber base, particularly in primary care and we are on track to launch the dual chamber pen, which is an important driver of incremental growth at the beginning of 2014. As a result of that, we have seen growth for BYDUREON in terms of TRX as we grew 18% in Q1 versus the last quarter of 2012. We also increased two share points in the market. And as a leading indicator, our MBRX growth has been stronger than that. So, we clearly believe BYDUREON can grow more and faster. And as I said at the beginning, we have the right teams and resources in place to continue to drive that growth. I should also say thinking about the exenatide franchise that we believe there continues to be good opportunities for BYETTA. And as of the beginning of Q2, we have actually increased the resourcing behind promoting BYETTA in combination with short-acting insulin. 
Giovanni Caforio: Let me make a couple of comments, first on the performance of our ORENCIA, we had very strong performance of ORENCIA in the U.S. Q1 with significant growth of 25% of over prior year that was driven by the successful launch of SubQ which generally did significant growth in 2012. It's early to fully assess the impact of the launch of (inaudible). We have seen some increase in share primarily in the switch market which has had a sort of an impact on all players in the subcutaneous market but the impact on us specifically has been very modest and we’re very pleased that we have become the third most prescribed SubQ agent in the U.S. market. With respect to your comment on the growth or DPP-4 slowing down the main attribute – a number of different factors impacting that. As a reminder, the only comment I would make is part of the accelerated growth that we had still in 2012 was linked to the significant decrease in the TGD market with the entry of generics in that area. So, there has been a transition of prescription from one class to the other. The growth has slowed down, but it continues to be healthy. 
