Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Terence. Looking forward to the readout of the first trial and the total knee replacement setting, which is testing the single agent Factor XIa in the next couple of months as we look forward now and also as we've spoken before, the second trial would read out in the early part of next year as well. In totality, it will be the one determining factor to really ascertain truly the overall safety. And of course what we can gain in terms of efficacy to define the plan as we move forward. So more to come on that, I did not go into the specifics of what level of improvement we are trying to look for. Those are going to be defined with the differences that we see, but again, we've said before, if we can produce another agent for prevention of clotting and thrombosis at the level that is similar in efficacy, but better safety profile, that is what we looking for and certainly looking forward to the data in combination with anti-platelet agents as well. Thank you.
Samit Hirawat: Yes, thank you, Giovanni. And certainly very excited to see the data coming out great for the patients, and certainly very happy with where we going in the pipeline for LAG-3 in oncology for BMS as well. Overall, the natural progression after seeing the data in the first line setting of addition of relatlimab on top of nivo would be to go into the adjuvant setting. And that's where you began – beginning to hear a lot more, that we'll be progressing into a Phase 3 program in the adjuvant setting for this core formulation that we now have as a fixed dose combination for Opdivo plus relatlimab. Certainly more to follow as we look deeper into the data for the metastatic trial to gain a more in-depth knowledge on the biomarkers, as well as the long-term follow-up that will come from the current 047 trial that will continue to evolve in terms of our knowledge. Now, the second part which you asked is about the non-small cell lung cancer opportunities, certainly excited to have started the early [indiscernible] generation trial, as well as looking at that combination of nivo plus relatlimab plus chemotherapy to see where we can take it. And that's the idea behind accelerating the enrollment in that trial. So that by the end of the year, we can initiate a Phase 3 program in that setting if we have tolerability that is demonstrated in that early trial that we're looking at. In addition to that, you continue to hear evolution of the data, potentially hepatocellular carcinoma that we're looking also to have – some look into in the Phase 2 study, and that can open up additional indications that we look forward. Beyond that in the SSP trial, yes, we are still looking forward to the readout in the early part of 2022. As I said earlier, there are two opportunities. Opportunity number one is to improve on the current anticoagulation paradigm with a single agent and then opportunity number two is to expand the use of anticoagulants to the background therapy of antiplatelet agents. And those are the two studies that together will form the basis of the clinical development plan that we are thinking through, whether it'd be the venous side or the arterial side of thrombosis. 
Samit Hirawat: Yes, thanks Andrew. And certainly, yes, we've heard the speculation around AdCom for potentially looking at it from a safety perspective for TYK2 inhibitors, and whether they belong in the JAK or not. The way we think about it is as we were presented, if you look at the data, we do believe it is very differentiated and there are absolutely good measures in terms of thinking around preclinical data, the clinical data, the mechanism of action and the way the data has evolved also on the efficacy side. So overall, I think we have very strong arguments if there is an AdCom, certainly we'll be prepared with that, with all the data that we've shared already. And we'll continue to evolve, in terms of the long-term follow-up as well. We do believe this has new breakthrough in science. It's a new first-in-class molecule for our TYK2 inhibitor, potentially first, as it brings new efficacy data for patients with psoriasis, which is an unmet medical need. So certainly, looking forward to sharing more as we go along, at the current time, we are in discussions in terms of preparing the file and getting it to the regulators and move it forward as soon as possible.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. And then let me take the question on Zeposia David. So, the way we think about Zeposia is first of all, we're very excited about the opportunity initially that we have both in the U.S. and ex-U.S. in MS. We think that Zeposia brings a very differentiated profile into this market. It's now in the U.S. the number one SP in terms of written prescriptions, we're gaining on oral agents. And as I mentioned earlier, we are making progress in terms of optimizing the patient pull through in terms of commercial dispense. So we think we've got considerable opportunity to continue to grow in the short term in MS in the U.S. Ex-U.S. it's still very early days for the launches of Zeposia. But I would say that in the early launch markets in Europe, Zeposia’s uptake appears to be very good, particularly in markets like Germany. So, I think in the near term, there's going to be clearly a focus on maximizing the opportunity that we have with Zeposia in that market globally. And then of course, with the upcoming launch in UC, that becomes a much more important opportunity for us as we get into 2022 and beyond. Zeposia’s profile looks very good. The feedback we've gotten from treaters in the IBD space is very positive. Obviously, the rate limiter in terms of the U.S. uptake is going to be accessed. We know that's a very important component, and we're going to approach that in a very step-wise fashion. It's going to be important that we drive volume initially with those patients who have insurance that is open or relatively unrestricted. And then we'll leverage Zeposia profile to drive additional utilization. And then of course, work with payors to ensure that we continue to increase the access that patients have in that space. That will clearly take some time. But we think the opportunity in IBD for Zeposia is substantial. And that will be important both in the U.S. and ex-U.S. as we get into that launch in later in 2021, and then certainly 2022 and beyond.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Greg. Thanks, Giovanni. And thanks Greg for the question as well. For LAG-3, obviously, I'll not get into the specifics of the data that we presented at ASCO, but certainly some of the biomarker data will be included in the presentation. As you may recall, from all the published literature around LAG-3, and in general for IOs, it's been a difficult exercise to get specificities around which biomarkers really dictate the activity of the medicines that we are investing and exploring. So we will continue to get into that into deeper details after the data are presented, but certainly looking forward to a better understanding of the overall landscape, and as we look to the combinations and other indications as well.
Samit Hirawat: Well, the second one probably I’ll pass it on to Chris. The first one, I will say that for EFS for CheckMate-816, you've seen the data already for the pathologic complete response. Certainly very, very encouraging. Looking forward to the EFS readout toward the end of 2022 early 2023 timeframe, so it still remains from that perspective on track. And we'll certainly be sharing it as soon as we have that data available.  Just one more thing that I want to clarify what I said early on. On Andrew's question around the speculation around the adcom, the speculation that we hear is around the JAK inhibitors. And we have no knowledge around including TYK2 as being included in there. And that's what I just want to clarify one more time.
Samit Hirawat: Great, thank you. And in terms of the TYK2 versus a Otezla product, I think, first of all, we are excited about the data that we have. We have obviously the mechanism of action that is quite unique over here. We've seen the data in the moderate-to-severe psoriasis. We have additional studies that are ongoing in the IBD space, in the lupus space. The discussion around – mild-to-moderate psoriasis continues and we'll certainly share with you ultimately what the plans would be. But truly excited today where we are. And certainly, the evolution of the data at the end of the year in additional indications, we are not ready to share yet our plans for mild-to-moderate psoriasis.
Samit Hirawat: And Steve, the point I would add is, look, we did not do a study of nivolumab plus relatlimab versus nivolumab plus ipilimumab. So, it would be unfair to start comparing the data for the two trials. Secondly, nivolumab plus ipilimumab, as Chris had said earlier, as Giovanni just said, has been established for a long time so we have long-term data, overall survival data and response rate data. For relatlimab we do not have the overall survival data, as well as the response rate data, but we are excited to see where we stand with our overall progression-free survival data as compared to single agent nivolumab. And you'll see that data very soon. And certainly, we can have a dialogue after that. But as Giovanni said, very pleased where we are, and certainly looking forward to the evolution of the data as we go forward.
Samit Hirawat: Yes, just very briefly on ulcerative colitis, we already at the end of April, our PDUFA date is end of May. We have had nothing but a very good conversation with the FDA. So, we have no knowledge of an adcom for ulcerative colitis versus Zeposia.
Samit Hirawat: Yes, thank you. So, you’ve a very correctly asked about multiple myeloma strategy. We are leaders in multiple myeloma, of course, continuing to build on the heritage of the image where we pioneered in that space. We do have the broadest portfolio, and now we are beginning to see the results of that with the approval of Abecma. But the way we look at it as a three-pronged approach. On one side, we have the cell mods, which have the potential to allow for us to replace the image over time with a near-term opportunity for hydrobromide reading out this year in the fourth-line plus setting. And then the second CELMoD-480 reading out in 2022. The second strategy is the BCMA targeting. Abecma already approved, and we have the investigation ongoing for T-cell engager, as well as the ADC targeting. The third pillar is, of course, the combination. And you will see beginning this year already, the studies of cell mods in the earlier line setting in the one to two prior lines of therapy. And then we'll continue to build on the other combinations as well. So, we feel overall really good about our position by having these multiple modalities. And we are confident that we can continue to build on our leadership position going forward in that space.
Samit Hirawat: Yes, thanks Navin. So let me just say very quickly yes, you are right. It is a tailwind the $160 million. With respect to business, actually, what we are doing, what our teams are doing in neuroscience is really interesting. We've obviously, over the last few years, built a very innovative model where through a network of partnerships, primarily a small team at BMS has been very successful in advancing an early portfolio that looks quite compelling at this point. So, not a large area of focus from a sort of late-stage development for us yet, but an emerging franchise that could be important in the future. As I said earlier, we are going to be looking at continuing to strengthen our portfolio depending on obviously the assets that we look at and are available across all of the areas where we have expertise. We haven't really given a target in terms of spend per year, but we've made it very clear this is the number one priority in terms of capital allocation strategy. The acquisition of MyoKardia last year is a really good example of the type of focus we want to continue to have going forward as a company. And I'll remind you, we have tremendous financial flexibility to be able to invest in the right opportunities and in the right science.
Samit Hirawat: So with that I would like to thank all of you for joining us today. As we discussed this quarter, that we delivered strong results, consistent with our strategy. We've continued to grow revenue, execute on our launches and advance the pipeline. I'm really proud of what our teams have accomplished so far this year, including so many of the important milestones that have been discussed during the call. And as always, our team will be able to answer further questions you may have during the course of the day and the rest of the week. So have a good day. And thanks again to all of you for participating.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Chris. So first on LAG-3, let me share my enthusiasm for fixed dose combination, which represents it really important data to validate a third immuno-oncology agent from the company. And let me ask Chris to give you his perspective on dynamics and in melanoma and where that fixed dose combination may play and then give you insights into the uptake in adjuvant.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Geoff. Chris, why don’t you go ahead? Let me just give you my perspective. I'm really excited with what's happening on the frontal our launch brands. The profile of the medicines that you mentioned is very differentiated. We have strong labels and what we are hearing from physicians is exciting in terms of the potential role that these agents will have in the marketplace. Let me just ask Chris to give you more insights into some of the launch dynamics you'll referenced, Geoff.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, David. Let me ask Samit to start and give you his perspective on first-line melanoma. And then Chris can add any perspective there and give you answer Zeposia.
Chris Boerner: Yes. Thanks for the, thanks for the question Chris. So let me start with LAG-3. So first let me say that we are very excited and pleased with the data readout that we've seen for the third IO that we have from BMS. The results are very encouraging and I think seeing an enhanced activity on top of Opdivo in melanoma, that's a pretty high bar. And so we're excited about the opportunity to bring this to patients. In terms of where it fits, you remember the current landscape of first-line melanoma, Opdivo, Yervoy represents about 35% to 40% of first-line melanoma. Approximately 30% of this market is still single agent IO, and you've got another 30% that is non-IO. So we think there's a real clear opportunity here for us to drive the benefit of relatlimab plus Opdivo into that population. There's clearly a continued unmet need with physicians looking for additional options that have a dual IO like effect, and we're looking forward to bringing that combination to patients as we work our way through the regulatory process. In terms of the adjuvant opportunities, again, this is going to be an important opportunity as we get into the latter half of this year, and certainly as we look about –look for the growth opportunities beyond 2021. You noted esophageal and the upcoming opportunity with bladder, we're very excited about those. With adjuvant esophageal, this is a substantial patient population with considerable unmet need. The treatment rates here are relatively low today just given the lack of approved therapies. So we would anticipate that over time. We'll be able to drive utilization both in terms of the patients who are being treated today, which is relatively small and then improve treatment rates over time much the way we did you'll recall in adjunct melanoma. And we would expect a similar dynamic to play out as we launch in bladder cancer as well. And so very excited about those opportunities and look forward to seeing those launches play out in the coming months.
Chris Boerner: Yes, thanks for the question, Tim. We obviously think about this quite a bit, as we think about the number of new PD-1 entrance in the market, we really look at it on two dimensions. First, there's the competitive impact of having additional players on the market. Frankly, that's an area that we pay attention to, but we're a little bit less concerned about. We have considerable resources focused on planning around competition. We have a good track record of competing in these markets. And while we're always a bit paranoid of potential new entrance, we feel very good about our ability to effectively manage competition. The second dimension that we look at is, when you're raising, which is the risk of commoditization of a market. And the way we look at that is commoditization we think requires two things. It requires a low cost entrance, and it requires perceived interchangeability on the part of payers, providers, and patients. The risk of both of these things coming together likely varies. We believe by geography, healthcare system and may be even by therapeutic setting, but we pay a very close attention to this. In terms of the risk, we absolutely believe it's something that we need to stay on top of, it's as you note, very dynamic. Currently the areas where we see the greatest risks don't overlap with our largest markets at least today. But we certainly have plans to address the risks as they become more tangible. The two things that I think we can continue to do that position as well against this threat are, first, continue to leverage the extremely broad data set that we have generated in I-O to ensure that treatment decisions continue to be clinically driven. And then second, continue to rapidly bring new data and approvals to market such that we're constantly pushing forward innovation and changing the standard of care. But this is an area that's very dynamic and we're paying close attention to it.
Chris Boerner: Sure. Thanks for the questions, Geoff. There's a lot there. So let me try to hit on each of these relatively quickly. So Reblozyl, we're very pleased actually with the continued strong execution of the teams and what we're hearing on Reblozyl. And our expectations for growth this year, and certainly in the long-term remain unchanged. As for the dynamics that we saw in the quarter, sales were relatively flat, Q4 into Q1. And there were really two factors underlying this. First, as you will have heard from some of our peers, we have seen new patient volumes down in hematology, generally. They were down about 10% to 20% versus pre-COVID levels in the MDS population. And so that was one of the factors that play, at least for the quarter. And we have seen specific to Reblozyl, a bit of a prolonged bolus wash-out period. And to give you some context around that in Q4, we estimate that bolus patients for Reblozyl were roughly around 40% of the overall business. In Q1 that has come down to about 20% to 25%. And we would expect those patients to continue to come off therapy over the coming months. Those two dynamics notwithstanding, we are very encouraged by the continued uptake of new patient starts in this setting and continue to see new trialist and an expansion of the prescriber base, which is critically important at this point in the launch so continued excitement from our perspective, with respect to Reblozyl. Onureg and Zeposia, in terms of pivot points, I would say, as we have discussed in MS, and as you've seen with some of our peers, it does take time to transition patients from written scripts to commercial dispensation in MS. That said, it was a big focus area as we discussed last year, and we are seeing very nice acceleration for Zeposia in MS. And of course, we have the opportunity and you see coming up with the PDUFA date a month or so. And that's obviously another important opportunity for Zeposia and very much look forward to bringing this differentiated product and mechanism into IBD. Onureg, we're in the process of creating a market with Onureg. And that launch is going very well. In fact, we saw patient demand volume increased about 50% from Q4 coming into Q1. And I would say in that space, we're very excited with what we're seeing. Now, again it's a market where we're creating a new treatment paradigm and that's going to take some time. But all indicators are that the efficacy profile of this data is landing well with customers. And again, the teams are executing well. And then pivoting to your question on cell therapy, we're very excited about the two cell therapy launches both products have been very well received. Given Breyanzi has got a little bit more data in terms of the launch timing. Let me start there. The launch there is going very well. We've had over 50 accounts that have been activated already. Our highest priority accounts in fact were activated within eight weeks of approval. The messaging around the best-in-class profile for Breyanzi is landing well. Physicians are clearly seeing a differentiated safety profile. And in fact, we've already infused, apheresis and infused patients with Breyanzi. So I would say, the execution there has been exceptionally well. And just quickly on Abecma, obviously a bit earlier in the process for Abecma. But we have the advantage of launching that product on top of the infrastructure that we built with Breyanzi. So we've actually been able to more rapidly activate sites there, we've had 25 centers were activated within 10 days of approval. The physician feedback has been very positive and there's a lot of enthusiasm for us bringing the first BCMA-targeted cell therapy into multiple myeloma. So far, early days but the launch has seemed to be off to a very good start.
Chris Boerner: Yes. Thanks for the question, obviously we are keenly aware of the differential in prices between the MS market and UC, as you know, we priced Zeposia in line with the value it provides and ensuring the broadest patient access in the MS market. And as we think about UC, it's certainly too early at this point to discuss how we're thinking about pricing in UC. What I would say is that we're going to factor price considerations. Now we think about the broader access and the importance of access in IBD generally. And we have plans in place that we'll execute as we get closer to the approval of Zeposia in UC but it's something we've been focused on for some time.
Chris Boerner: Thank you, Steve. Let me just provide some perspective. So to answer your second question, as we've said, 90% of the business by 2025 being continuing business that excludes Revlimid and Pomalyst in that 90%, we've said about a third are the launch brands, the rest is the current online portfolio. We're now breaking that 70% down further into individual products. But I think what's important there is actually the strength of the emerging business for the remainder of the decade. And obviously the launch brands become particularly important given that we're discussing 2025. Let me just reiterate our enthusiasm for the Relatlimab Opdivo fixed-dose combination in melanoma. It is clear that we have a very well-established standard-of-care with O plus Y. And long durability of response demonstrated over a long period of time. But I just want to, again, reiterate from an efficacy perspective, from a safety perspective, we're really excited to be able to show the data at ASCO Summit.
