Thomas J. Lynch, Jr.: Umer, thank you. This is Tom. Thank you very much for your question. And I think the part about TMB is a very interesting one and I think that what this indicates is how we're learning so much more about lung cancer. When you think about lung cancer, it used to be a disease where it was just squamous cell and adenocarcinoma. Now, you have a disease where it's EGFR and ALK and ROS1 and RET fusion proteins and PD-L1 and increasingly, we're starting to understand that TMB is also an important potential biomarker in lung cancer. And you saw three important data sets that we're very happy to present. The first was our CheckMate-026 data that you alluded to at AACR this year, which showed that you could select a group of patients that seem to benefit from Opdivo monotherapy. We showed similar data in bladder cancer, and then, of course, at the World Lung Cancer Meetings last week in Yokohama, we showed data that in small cell lung cancer, we could select patients for both Opdivo monotherapy and Opdivo and Yervoy combination therapy, using TMB as an important biomarker. So we think this is something that's important for us to look at in many of our studies, in a wide variety of tumors. Now, your specific question about how do we measure it, I think, is a very good one. And I think this is a field that is evolving. When you think about how we did it with CheckMate-026, we did whole exome sequencing as a mechanism for doing it, and our plans for CheckMate 9LA will be to use the FoundationOne panel that's a sequencing set of a defined set of genes. And both – the good news is that, as we showed at ACR, whether you do whole exome sequencing or whether you do the Foundation panel, there appears to be excellent concordance between the two types of assay. You don't get the exact same result, but the results are very concordant with each other. I do think this is an area that's going to evolve over the next several years, as TMB becomes a more important marker. I also think it's important to think about, how does one measure TMB? Will it be all tumor based, will it be serum-based, I think that's another area of great interest, and where our translational medicine teams will be putting a lot of their attention. Your second question is regarding the stat plan. And I think I just want to say one thing about CheckMate-227. We really aren't going to be talking about the statistical plan of CheckMate-227. As you know, we have co-primary endpoints of PFS and OS, and we have the optionality of looking at that, but we're not today going to talk about the stat plan of CheckMate-227. But I think your question on TMB is quite important, and one that we continue to look at with great enthusiasm, across a broad variety of tumors.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr.: And Giovanni, thanks, and Jami, thanks for your question about the interim. So what we said about the interim is that, and as you know, it's event-driven. And you really can't – you don't know when events are going to happen. You have to wait for the events to actually happen and that could be extremely frustrating, because you'd love to be able to say on date X, we're going to have all the events, but they happen when they happen. We predict based on looking at things. We think that the interim will happen either at the end of 2017 or early in 2018, and that's when we expect the interim analysis to happen at that point. But as we've said all along, we expect to have data on CheckMate-227 in the first half of 2018 and we're looking forward to being able to share that data with you when we have that.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr.: Thank you. Okay. So let's talk – Andrew, thank you for your question and let's talk a little bit about where we are with CheckMate-227 and the study. I think a couple of things to say. And as we pointed out for quite some time, CheckMate-227 is not just one study, it's a family of studies. It's a study in expressers, it's a study in PD-L1 non-expressers, and it's a third study in all-comers. And this family of studies, we think, is going to be more than – we think we know is more than 2,400 patients with advanced lung cancer. It's going to give us a lot of information about how to treat patients in first-line non-small cell. When you think about the amount of data that will be coming out in 2018, both from us and from other companies and corporate groups around the world, I think a year from now, we're going to have a much better idea about how to treat patients, how to identify subsets of patients who are going to benefit, and have to really learn how to give patients the best options for treating patients in that setting. Now, your first question comes down to the point about TMB. And you mentioned that we're able to look back in study CheckMate-026 and get about 60% of patients that were able to have a viable (24:30) TMB. And I think one of the things we've said for quite some time is we will continue to do as much work as we can with our studies, retrospectively, looking at TMB when possible. And as we've said, we believe TMB is an (24:44) important enough that we're going to be looking at it in study CheckMate 9LA, and we'll be looking at it in CheckMate 9LA at that point. So we think TMB has potential as a potential biomarker. Your second question is about the concept of looking at TMB in an interim analysis. What we've said about the interim analysis at our last earnings call is that overall survival would be looked at in the interim analysis and that's the extent that we can comment on the stat plan and the interim analysis at this point was just to disclose what the endpoint is for the interim analysis that will be done when the events occur. And then, finally, your question on IPI and NIVO in CheckMate-012 and CheckMate-568, I think a couple of things about the IPI and NIVO. One is, this has been a really important year for IPI and NIVO. It's been a year where just in the past five months, we've seen great confirmation of the value of this combination. It works in melanoma, it works in patients with renal cell, we could not have been happier with the results of study CheckMate-214, and those are studies where we've shown survival advantages in that setting. And we've got five additional tumors where we see clear response rate benefits to the use of IPI and NIVO compared to monotherapy. We await, obviously, PFS and survival benefits in those trials where we've only seen response rate data thus far. So we believe this combination has great potential benefit for patients with cancer. So one of the reasons we did study CheckMate-568 is to get more experience with IPI and NIVO in that setting. So we believe we have a family of studies in lung cancer, which are going to help define the best way to treat patients with non-small cell lung cancer, and we really look forward to sharing that data in 2018 as it becomes available.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr.: And Seamus, just to answer your question on the blood-based Foundation test, as you know, the three data sets that we reported on tumor mutational burden have been tumor-based evaluations, and that's been in study CheckMate-026 in our bladder cancer experience, and then, also in study with small cell. So those are blood- and (31:24) tumor-based. My recommendation would be to ask the folks at Roche and Foundation. As you know, at ESMO, Roche presented data looking at serum-based and blood-based mutational assays. And I think you'd have to ask them any specific details about where they stand in terms of the validation of the serum-based assays. What I had mentioned earlier was that I personally think that there is a real interest in looking at these. I think these might be very promising and the early looks at them have shown that we seem to be getting very interesting signals from the blood-based assays, and whether these complement serum-based assays – tumor-based assays, or whether they are used instead of, I think, will be an interesting question to find in the next coming years.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr.: Yes. Again, Tim, our apologies, it was very, very hard to hear that question. I'd say, regarding the PD-L1 test, we presented data at recent meetings. It shows that we do believe the PD-L1 test we have is reproducible and is similar to that which is being used by other companies evaluating their drugs. I think your second question about TMB and its ability to predict response rate PFS and overall survival, that's what sounded the question was about. I would say that, as with any biomarker, all those endpoints become incredibly important. And we will look at response rate PFS and overall survival in any group of patients we would look at, in any given data set that we would look at, to be able to determine which is important. I think the relative balance between PFS and OS immuno-oncology is one that is incredibly important. And we love studies that show OS benefits. I think, as many of our agents are beginning to show excellent second- and third-line activity in other areas, PFS may become something that we will look at more often. And I don't think there's any reason to believe we wouldn't look at that in a group of TMB patients in the future, as we would a group of PD-L1 selected patients in the future. And I'm sorry if that's not exactly what you asked, but that's the best of our ability to hear.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr.: So Tony (sic) [Daniel] (37:30), this is Tom. Thank you. I'll answer the first two questions on IDO. I think I'd say a couple of things about IDO in general. We think IDO is an important target, and we felt this way at Bristol-Myers for the past two to three years. As you know, we purchased the compound from Flexus that is now the BMS IDO inhibitor, and we have a strong partnership with our colleagues at Incyte, which we're working with as well. And, as you know, we presented data with our IDO inhibitor at AACR this year. This suggested that there may be some pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic advantages to our IDO inhibitor. We see excellent inhibition of kynurenine levels and we're able to see good receptor occupancy at doses that appear well tolerated in patients. Now, whether those PK/PD dynamics will be differentiating to the agent, I think we don't know. I think only clinical trials will tell us if it matters for patients. But we think IDO is an important endpoint. We think so much about it that we are proceeding with two separate lines of registrational studies, and we've talked about our plans with Incyte, and we also have plans to begin our studies in melanoma and in non-small cell lung cancer, with the Bristol IDO. Now, as you mentioned, we will be presenting our first clinical efficacy data on IDO at SITC this year, and we look forward to seeing that data at the SITC meeting. I want to say a couple of things about what to expect. You have to remember, this has been a remarkably quick development of this agent from Phase I, all the way into the point where we're now beginning registrational studies. And so, the data does take time to emerge. You will be seeing some efficacy data on one or two tumors at SITC, but most importantly, you'll be seeing some safety data, which we think is very important to get out there at the SITC meeting as well. So some efficacy data and some safety data will be presented at SITC coming up this year. So again, that will be our first important IDO data on our drug. And as we mentioned, we expect to have our studies with our drug registrational studies beginning at the end of this year. Second set of questions comes down to TMB, again, and thinking about what the mutational frequency will be in non-small cell lung cancer. I think it's safe to say that we believe that this is something which is still not what 100% known at this point. I think until you do prospective studies like we're doing in CheckMate 9LA, where you really have a sense of what the overall prevalence of different stratifications of TMB will be, where I think it's safe to say at this point is we think it's a substantial portion of patients with non-small cell lung cancer and that this is an important group of patients to treat. I really do think that you need to see what the TMB percentage is in a group of prospectively treated patients. To really know what the final number is, whether it's 40% to 50%, I think those bands are fairly generous at this point and I think one really wants to see what that looks like. I think what you can say is it's definitely an important percentage of patients with non-small cell lung cancer that may qualify as having elevated or higher TMB.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr.: And Chris, I'll follow-up now with some comments on lung cancer. So the first question is what can you read-through from renal to lung from CheckMate-214 to CheckMate-227. And I think, as I've said in the past, it's very difficult to read-through on efficacy, because you're really looking at different tumors and slightly different schedules. But what you can read-through a little bit on, I think, is tolerability. And I think what we're so happy about CheckMate-214 is that it was a well-tolerated regimen in CheckMate-214 and patients were able to tolerate the regimen. As you know, the CheckMate-227 dose is very similar of Opdivo-Yervoy, with Opdivo being three (44:14), Yervoy being one. Although in the lung cancer regimen, Yervoy is given continuously as opposed to the renal. So there's slight differences in the length of duration, but the toxicity of the early part of the regimen looks very similar and tells us but (44:30) it gives us confidence that the tolerability will be good. And so, I think that that's important. And tolerability is critical, because obviously, if you can't get dose into patients, you're not likely to see the benefits. So it's good to see tolerability in that setting. Your second question is a really good one, which is how does TMB relate to PD-L1 as a marker. And this gets me thinking about how important it is to do good translational medicine studies and the translational medicine and science is really at the heart of what we're trying to do at Bristol-Myers Squibb from an R&D perspective. Six months ago when I started, I told you it's going to be important for us to invest in our translational medicine capacity. We've done that. We're beginning – you can see our work on TMB as a good example of that. I ask you to look at the SITC meeting, and you can see a lot of very interesting preclinical data looking at drugs like OX40 and IDO, and LAG-3 in terms of how they worked mechanistically. And also, this year, we're very happy to announce the appointment of Dr. Saurabh Saha, who is now our new leader of translational medicine at Bristol-Myers Squibb, and he brings a wealth of experience in terms of thinking about how to design drugs, both in the cancer space and in the non-cancer space which brings me back to the question of how do TMB and PD-L1 relate to each other and will these be separate sets of patients? And again, great question. And again, as a lung cancer person, I think about the diversity of tumor markers that we have in lung cancer. We have ALK, we have EGFR, we have RET fusion, we have RAS, we have ROS, we have TMB, and we have PD-L1. We know already that while EGFR and ALK don't usually occur together, we certainly can have situations of co-mutation. We think that RAS tends to be exclusive, but we have seen episodes or examples where you can see both of them. These are the kinds of questions that we're going to need to define prospectively what that relationship between TMB and PD-L1 are, to help us define the groups of patients that are going to benefit most from our drugs. So really interesting questions to look at in the next couple of years.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr.: So Vamil, thank you for your first question. Again, it's a very interesting point you raised in terms of what level of drug do you need to get into patients to see a benefit. It's really hypothetical, but it's impossible to know at this point what the level is. What you can say it in CheckMate-214 is, is that that level of discontinuation did not force the survival benefit that was seen in renal cell. Whether that is seen in lung or not, we really can't answer until we see the data, but it's a very valid question.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr.: So Gregg, thanks for your question. So first, regarding the Incyte, I will give you a little more color than saying it depends upon the data, because one of the things that I think that we have, one of the things that's influenced our decision-making about IDO as a class, are some of the interesting data that we've seen with our own drug, with epacadostat. What we've seen with epacadostat and Opdivo, we've seen very promising data with epacadostat and Opdivo. And so, I think that looking at the readout that comes from Pembro and epacadostat, I think will certainly be of interest to us as we go forward. Now how this relates to other tumor types, melanoma and – I mean, how it relates to lung cancer and kidney cancer and neck cancer and whatever other cancers we look at IDO in, I think that's very difficult to know. But we will, obviously, be paying attention to that. I think there's a couple things you have to remember between – with antibodies, when you think about the difference between antibodies and small molecules, antibodies are remarkably specific and they have high specificity for their targets. Small molecules do differ, and they can differ by a methyl group here or there that could explain both differences in activity and differences in toxicity. So I think we have to be a little careful about looking too much across readouts of different agents and, ultimately, at the end, it does depend upon the data, so you're correct about that. Second question comes down to where we are with FGF21 and NASH. And again, this is a really important area, something that – an area that we're very excited to be in. It's an area of tremendous excitement and, as I'm sure you know, last week were the big liver meetings, and these were terrifically important meetings where data from a number of companies, including ours, were presented, and we presented an update of our data at an oral session at The Liver Meeting showing that our FGF21 drug is able to reduce hepatic fat. We're in the middle of discussions with the FDA, in order to be able to design the appropriate studies to be able to register our drug, and we look forward to coming up with what the final study design will be in consultation with them. I think one thing that is important to note is that we do believe that biopsy will be necessary in a Phase III trial, to be able to demonstrate efficacies, that indirect or surrogate markers like hepatic fat or Pro-C3 probably won't be enough, and the FDA said as much last week at The Liver Forum that they had, where they basically said they'd like to see more biopsy data from companies, and that was not specific to Bristol-Myers, that was a comment to all the companies that were developing drugs in that setting. So we're looking at our options in terms of how to operationalize this, and we look forward to being able to announce, on clinicaltrials.gov, our plans for moving forward with the timing of FGF21. But you're correct, it will require biopsy as an endpoint in those studies. And I'll turn it over to Murdo on Halozyme.
Thomas J. Lynch, Jr.: So Geoff, thanks for the question on CTLA-4. We believe CTLA-4 is incredibly important to us. It's a mechanism that we think, again, as I said earlier that the Opdivo-Yervoy combination has delivered and continues to deliver and continues to improve impact for patients broadly. Now, we do believe that there is some opportunities for looking at our next gen CTLA-4 compounds. And there are two of them. One is the non-fucosylated formulation, which seems to have greater potency and that has entered clinical trials this year. And the second is the Probody technology that we're looking at with our partner, CytomX, again, that looks very exciting and we hope to begin clinical trials in that very soon. So I think with either of those two approaches, once we see evidence of both the safety and efficacy, we would certainly be inclined at that point to move those agents forward as a partner for Opdivo. I do believe that they have the potential – just like CTLA-4 is foundational to us now, they have the potential to offer that kind of benefit to patients down the road.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol: Jami, this is Giovanni. Thanks for your questions. So with respect to my comment, let me just say, we've consistently said the final analysis for CheckMate-227 and the timing in the first half of next year, that's really not changed. I'll ask Tom to give you a perspective on interim analysis, and then, maybe Murdo to give you his perspective on current trends for Opdivo. We are, obviously, not going to give any perspective at this point on 2018 more specifically. It's premature to do that, but it's important to discuss existing trends.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol: Tim, this is Giovanni. So unfortunately, you were breaking a little. First question, I believe, was about non-oncology assets and opportunities for potential registrational study starts going into 2018. As we've mentioned before, we are working actively on advancing three important programs, LAG-3, IDO, and our FGF21 program in NASH. Over the next few months, we will also see proof-of-concept data on the BTK program and the TYK-2 program. And we look forward to seeing that data as well. So the pipeline in oncology and outside of oncology is progressing. You had two questions. One was whether there is any updated perspective on our PD-1 test, I believe, and the answer there is, I don't think we have really any news to report there, but I'll ask Tom to answer that question, and also give you a perspective on the potential availability data with respect to TMB.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol: Chris, thank you. So I'll ask Murdo to give you some perspective on renal, and then, there are a couple of questions for Tom.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol: David, this is Giovanni. Thanks for your question. Let me just say, the discussion we've had today on CheckMate-227 is really very consistent with what we've said before with respect to the timing for the final analysis, the potential and timing for the interim analysis, the flexibility we retain with respect to the statistical plan. And at this point, we are really not in a position to provide any additional insight on the study.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol: Gregg, let me just add on that, because I think it's really important as part of our strategy as a company, given the number of assets we have in development, the potential for combinations, to continue to lead in terms of innovating delivery models. Murdo's comments are really important in the U.S. A significant part of our business is outside of the U.S., where the constraints with resources at hospital level and the number of distribution on oncology sites is, in some cases, a limiting factor. The other thing I would say is that one of our key priorities across multiple tumor types has really been, from the beginning, to accelerate immuno-oncology into the adjuvant setting. And clearly, when you look at patients that are healthy and (58:09) in the adjuvant setting, clearly, thinking about different delivery models is going to be very important for us as well.
Giovanni Caforio - Bristol: So thanks, everyone. Just in summary, at the end of the call, let me just say this was a good quarter for us. I am pleased with continuing strong trends with respect to commercial execution. We made good progress on a number of fronts in the R&D pipeline and execution overall. We have a number of important events ahead of us, which have the opportunity to continue to broaden the set of opportunities we have ahead of us. And I look forward to continuing, obviously, to talk to all of you. Thanks, again, and have a good day.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol: And Jami, thanks for the question related to trends on Opdivo. We're, obviously, really pleased about the performance year-to-date on Opdivo and the source of that growth that we're experiencing having stable trends in second-line lung cancer in the U.S. and good growth and penetration of the same opportunity ex-U.S. as we've secured reimbursement, and most recently, seeing reimbursement for Australia and the UK come online ex-U.S. Now, in the U.S., beyond lung, we also continue to hold really high shares in RCC, despite having some strong competition in cabo in second-line. And we also are doing well across our I-O portfolio in first-line metastatic melanoma. And if we look at catalyst for growth going forward, clearly, we're excited about the great data from Opdivo in the adjuvant setting and the NCCN guidelines were updated to reflect those data, so that could lead to some NPS in the near term. We're also hopeful that the strong data from the CheckMate-214 first-line renal cell carcinoma trial, the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy, will be submitted quickly and reviewed quickly, hopefully, for the benefit of patients looking to experience an OS benefit in first-line renal. That's another strong catalyst for growth. And we're just recently launching in hepatocellular carcinoma and the anecdotal early feedback on that is also very strong. So I know there were questions on whether or not we would grow this year in the U.S. I think we've been very good in terms of the commercial and medical and customer facing execution and I feel that we would do everything we can to have a strong performance next year. But obviously, there are a lot of variables and a lot of data sets still to read out and we'll be talking to you over the quarters as we go.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol: And Seamus, just on trends, obviously, we're really pleased with Eliquis demand trends that we're seeing. We're up 8% sequentially quarter-over-quarter in TRx demand and up 37% over same quarter prior year in demand. So the top line demand curve for Eliquis looks very good. As Charlie said, obviously, it has had a lower gross margin than some of our other products. Just another couple of dynamics within Eliquis to keep in mind and I can make a comment on this year, and that is for the third quarter, we did see an increase in the number of patients entering the coverage gap, so that showed some decline in net sales for the quarter in terms of percentage quarter-over-quarter. But overall, we are stable to some slight increase in our gross-to-net, partly due to DoD channels and some strengthening of our access position in the marketplace with some strategic contracting that was done. So overall, Eliquis looks really good. I-O is just really difficult to pin down, because of the number of new data sets and events, both for us and our competition, so we are holding a wide range of potential scenarios for 2018. We, obviously, are, as I said to Jami, we're very pleased with our trends and the quality of execution around the world, and we have some very new Q4 catalyst for growth that should help us pin down what 2018 looks like. But clearly, we feel good about what we've been able to do despite competition in the marketplace with I-O. And as Giovanni mentioned in his opening comments, rest of the portfolio with both Sprycel and Orencia have good trends for (31:01).
Murdo Gordon - Bristol: Yes, thanks for the question, Chris. When we think about the total renal opportunity for our I-O franchise, we're really excited about the Opdivo plus Yervoy regimen in frontline. Just scale-wise in terms of patient population, the frontline opportunity is roughly twice the size of the second-line opportunity in terms of treated patients. So if you think about the second-line size of patient population being about 8,000 per year, you're about to double that in the U.S. in the first-line RCC treated setting. So I think what we've been able to demonstrate in that trial is compelling overall survival data and obviously, there'll be an update for that presentation at SITC in a little while. And I think depending on labeling, et cetera, that could be a very, very interesting opportunity for us. We have done a nice job in second-line share versus TKI's over 50% right now and holding. And because this is a slower-moving malignancy in terms of progression, the effect on second-line will take longer to materialize than you might see in other malignancies. So at least for next year, you're going to have a nice overlap of an uptake in first-line, if all goes well, and a continuing robust business in second-line.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol: Yeah. And Vamil, just on metastatic melanoma, we continue to see really strong first-line marker (50:14) shares for the regimen. So roughly 30% of all new first-line metastatic melanoma patients receive Yervoy plus Opdivo in combination. And then, if you add up all the remaining monotherapy, it's about another 40%. So you've got a large percentage in combination, a large percentage in Opdivo, and then, the rest made up of KEYTRUDA. We're also seeing some changing dynamics in the adjuvant setting, so that will also change some of what's happening in metastatic, with the update to the NCCN guidelines and hopefully, in the future an approval from the FDA, we would expect rapid uptake of Opdivo in the adjuvant setting, which will change dynamics on Yervoy. So if you're just looking at Yervoy sales, the dynamic underneath Yervoy sales will be declined to some extent on the off-label 3-milligram use that's currently in adjuvant, being replaced by Opdivo 3-milligram and then, continuing to be used in combination with Opdivo in metastatic. So just a dynamic to keep in mind as you think about total melanoma going forward, but we have some strengthening trends on our Opdivo plus Yervoy regimen, and we're very focused on trying to improve our performance in BRAF patients.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol: Yeah. Thanks, Gregg. On Halozyme, we're really excited about this opportunity to partner with them on their technology. And yes, you highlight, there's definitely a large patient convenience and infusion chair time benefit to having an injectable version, versus an infusion version of our products. But we also have to think beyond this, in terms of where site of care may take place in the future. It is possible that site of care may move from academic hospitals, academic cancer centers, to more office-based treatment, particularly if patients are on these treatments beyond a one-year timeframe and they have large travel distances. So that's one area. The other thing to think about is, at least in the U.S., an injectable product will be reimbursed through a different payment channel, so that's something to think about as a potential advantage in the future. And last but not least, we have over 11 different assets in this agreement that we could use potentially in combination with one another in different ways, that this technology might allow us to improve again how patients receive their administrations. Now, this is also something that is related to new payment models going forward in terms of outcomes for patients. And I think patient reported outcomes and how they experience treatment could be important. So there's a number of different strategic advantages to that agreement.
Murdo Gordon - Bristol: Yes, and Geoff, just on second-line, the shares, as you mentioned, are holding up nicely. That's a very strong performance commercially and with our medical organizations. We are seeing slightly lower impact on the second-line eligible pool of immuno-oncology patients. So that percentage reduction is roughly in the neighborhood of 5% in terms of volume of patients who have not seen an I-O agent in first-line before. So that's a little bit less of a reduction than we'd anticipated, so that's helping Opdivo. We're also holding onto some first-line non-promoted share (01:00:47) and that is also stable. With respect to the penetration of Pembro in first-line, it's as we expected.
