Timothy Power: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning for our second quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call are Chris Boerner, our Chief Operating Officer; Adam Lenkowsky, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you'll note, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can follow along with for Giovanni and David's remarks. But before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statement. During this call, we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which were adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com. With that, I'll hand it over to Giovanni.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Adam. Let's just try to squeeze a couple more in here, if you don't mind me, let’s go to the next one, please, Jamie.
Timothy Power: We're really a little short in time. So maybe we'll squeeze a few more in. If you can just keep it one question so that we get to as many people as possible that will be great. Can we go to the next one please, Jamie.
Timothy Power: Thanks, Samit. I think we may have time for one or two more. Let’s go to the next one please, Jamie.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Chris, thanks for the question. Let me say about Camzyos, we're very pleased with the performance of Camzyos, which is on track with our launch expectations. We're seeing, as you heard from David, week-over-week in patients treated with Camzyos and we expect to see continued steady and consistent growth for this important brand. Remember that the launch trajectory of Camzyos is akin to what you see from a CV product. And I use the analogy, it's more similar to a product like Eliquis, so it continues to grow steadily. Now year-to-date we have great momentum for both patients coming into the hub and a commensurate increase in commercial patients. So, as patients continue to accumulate, we expect these patients to be on drug now for many years, multiple refills in 2023 and beyond. I think most importantly, patient feedback as well as physician feedback continues to be extremely positive. And we're also excited about the VALOR approval, which happened in the quarter, which further strengthens and solidifies the profile of Camzyos and will continue to increase adoption. We're also happy about the approval in Europe as well. So, we're just getting started there. So taken together, we're very confident this will lead to continued and sustained growth in 2023 and beyond.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Thanks for the question, Geoff. So we're very pleased with the Sotyktu launch. Our Sotyktu oral market share is nearing 40% of the oral new demand market. We're making great progress towards our goal, which we have stated becoming the standard of care for oral product. We now have over 23,000 prescriptions since launch and that means we've doubled the volume of TRx equivalents from the second quarter versus the first quarter. And as you mentioned, we're very, very pleased that we're able to secure and pull forward an access win as [CVS] (ph) moves Sotyktu into preferred position in the middle of the month. So that brings roughly 30 million lives or 15% of the total commercial lives covered in the United States. So, being able to pull that forward we are [indiscernible] takes around two to three months to move patients from bridge to commercial drug. So we would expect a ramp for Sotyktu commercial product in the back end of the year. We're also in continued negotiations with payers right now to work to secure improved commercial access in January. And for all those reasons, I feel very good not only about our launch performance, but our execution and continued growth in the second half of the year, as well as into 2024.
Adam Lenkowsky: Sure. Thanks Samit. So we're excited about what we're seeing for Reblozyl for the quarter. The growth is coming both from the US and internationally as it relates to the COMMANDS approval. Remember, this is certainly an important launch for us. The PDUFA is in four weeks and our US team is launch ready. And so, what we're hearing from physicians, post ASCO, post EHA, physicians tell if they want to use Reblozyl regardless of our status because of the durability and the opportunity for transfusion dependent. So taken together, I think we're well positioned to be really the new standard of care in the first line setting. So as it relates to second question, which is, Opdivo in CHL. We also -- we're very pleased with the data presented at ASCO, where Opdivo demonstrated superiority versus [indiscernible] in a head-to-head study. Similarly, we've heard from oncologists that this data is practice changing. And as a reminder, this is a confirmatory study for our current indication under accelerated approval and we will work with [SWOG] (ph) on next steps to analyze the full data set and we also look forward to discussing this with regulators. I would also expect to see NCCN guideline as option over the coming weeks to months as well.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Chris, I'll take the second part of your question. We're [indiscernible] see across our cell therapy franchise. This year we made very good progress on increasing capacity for both of Abecma and Breyanzi. And so, when you look at our approach to the market: number one, our focus is rapidly expanding our footprint both in the US and internationally based on our increase in supply. When you look at the approach we're taking overall for CAR-T manufacturing, there are really two components to cell therapy, that is a drug product and vector. So for drug product, we have increased capacity with successfully executed ramps at both our existing sites for Breyanzi and Abecma, and additional ramps planned for each product in the back end of 2023. We're building new state-of-the-art facilities, as we talked about in Devon, Massachusetts, online this year, as well as Liden in the Netherlands, which will come on board in 2025 to further increase and accelerate capacity. The second area is really around vector, and we continue to both internalize and externalized vector in our fastest path to increase capacity of our current vectors to partner with existing third-party manufacturers. So you've heard about our new vector manufacturing plant in Libertyville, Illinois. It's part of our dual sourcing strategy to internalize vector, which complements our existing partnerships with external third parties. And we're accelerating our transition to next-gen vector technologies as well. So taken together, we're making very good progress in increasing our capacity on both Abecma and Breyanzi.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, Samit. Thanks. From a commercial standpoint, we're very encouraged by LPA1 asset. As Samit alluded to, it's a very high unmet need in IPF and PPF. And the prognosis for these diseases are not too dissimilar to some metastatic cancer diagnoses. And so, we generated, as Samit mentioned, very encouraging efficacy and safety data. There was no GI toxin with the current treatments, no liver toxicity that we saw in the early phase. And this gives us confidence, as Samit mentioned, to move into Phase 3. Now the current products have significant limitations in efficacy and toxicity. And I think from a commercial standpoint, awareness and better diagnosis tools are going to really help accelerate the diagnosis rate rates, which are pretty low today. They range around 30% to 40%. And we think when we bring our LPA1 to market, we'll be able to accelerate that significantly and make a significant impact in patients with these serious diseases.
Adam Lenkowsky: Thank you, Carter. To start, let me just say, we're very pleased with what we're seeing across our cell therapy franchise. Now for Abecma, as David mentioned, year-on-year we grew approximately 50%. There are a few factors that impacted the second quarter for Abecma. The quarter-on-quarter decline was driven mainly by pricing dynamics in Germany. Second, there was a planned impact due to manufacturing maintenance that happened in June in anticipation of our KarMMa-3 approval, which we expect in the back end of the year, we would also anticipate a significant increase in volume in the fourth quarter. And thirdly, we anticipate an increase in the use of other BCMA agents in the US. And we know this is a competitive market. But it's a market that we know extremely well, and we're very confident in our ability to compete in myeloma with this important product Abecma. I think most importantly, we continue to see and hear from physicians about favorable perceptions for Abecma based on our durable responses in a real-world setting, as well as high manufacturing success rates, now that are north of 90%. So taken together, we do remain very confident about Abecma's outlook in the second half of 2023 and beyond. The second question was around Opdualag. And so, for Opdualag, as you heard from David, Opdualag is rapidly becoming the standard of care in the US. We're continuing to see strong growth in sales, our share in first-line metastatic melanoma is approaching 25%. And our share is coming both from PD-1 monotherapy and from Opdivo-Yervoy combination. But now two-thirds of that share is being sourced from PD-1 monotherapy, roughly 50-50 from Opdivo and KEYTRUDA. As we talked about last quarter, NCCN updated their guidelines and changed Opdualag from category 2A to category 1 in BF-mutant patient population, and it removed BRAC Nec [ph] inhibitors as a preferred treatment in the first line setting. So as a result, we're seeing a really nice inflection in the BF-mutant patient population for both Opdualag and for Opdivo-Yervoy, and that's why we're continuing to focus our efforts on that segment. So in fact, when I think about the total DMS share in the overall metastatic melanoma market, our share -- if you look at Opdualag, Opdivo-Yervoy and Opdivo monotherapy, our share is now greater than 55%. So I'm very proud of our continued leadership in metastatic melanoma.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. Tim, thanks for the question. As it relates to Opdivo internationally, what we're seeing is continued strong growth in our international market. In fact, when you look at year-over-year and quarter-to- quarter, we grew 10% for Opdivo internationally. And that's really due to the continued growth of our core business in first-line lung, in gastric, and we're just starting to unlock some of our new indications. We're very pleased to see our approval of CheckMate-816 in Europe. And when I think about the kind of the decline of price in Europe, any time you get a new indication in many of our markets you start to take slight price decreases. But the volume that we see for Opdivo as we add these tumors and get reimbursement, we look to continue to increase our sales and our volume will certainly offset any price decline.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes. [Emily] (ph), thanks for the question. So we're pleased with what we saw with Opdivo through the first half of the year, and we anticipate continued growth through to the back end of the year. In fact, Opdivo grew 11% overall year-to-date. And so, what we see internationally, we're also seeing our growth coming from same core tumors. First-line lung, our share is now approximately 15%. On gastric indication first line, where our share is approximately 50%, and across our early adjuvant indications. As you noted, sequentially, in the second quarter, the demand growth in the US from our core business was offset by impact from unfavorable customer buying patterns. And so, we expect that to normalize and continue to grow based on the strength across multiple tumors. And we continue to lead all competitors in every tumor in the US that were indicated in, with the exception of first-line lung, where we're making good progress. We also have a number of significant readouts in the short term. So we've got some nice catalysts including our stage 2 melanoma indication, which is -- has a PDUFA date of October of this year. And you also read our press release in first-line cis-eligible bladder, CheckMate-901, and that's really exciting in multiple IO failures there. So we expect that to be a nice catalyst next year along with pending readouts next year in CheckMate-77P, CheckMate-73L, among several others. So for those reasons, we remain very confident in Opdivo's ability to grow in 2023.
Adam Lenkowsky: The second question that you asked, Steve, was around the -- what we're seeing in the GI marketplace. And so overall, we're seeing for Zeposia is really strong growth, 28% quarter-over-quarter growth as well as approximately 50% growth versus same time last year. When we look at the GI market, we continue to see acceleration of demand for Zeposia in UC. What we're hearing from thought leaders is that they continue to emphasize the benefit of using Zeposia in the first-line setting. In fact, look at our business shift now, about 60% of our business for Zeposia is in the first-line use. And we're continuing to make good progress on the access front, where now 40% of lives have either zero or one step at it, and we're working to continue to improve that in 2024. So for those reasons, we're pleased with our growth in the GI market with Zeposia. We're also seeing strong performance in MS, when -- our share of at an all-time high. And so we expect continued growth for Zeposia in the back end of this year and certainly into 2024 as well.
Adam Lenkowsky: I guess just to put a finer point, what we said was, through the first half we are annualizing at $3.5 billion. But as Chris alluded to, we have a number of catalysts to accelerate growth of our new product portfolio in the second half of the year, which we said we would roughly double sales from last year. So just -- and as Chris mentioned, with Reblozyl first line, we're looking forward to the PDUFA date for COMMANDS. As Dave mentioned, we're also pleased with our -- really to pull forward a large PBM this year for Sotyktu, and those patients will shift to commercial product from Bridge over the next two to three months. And also, as Chris mentioned, Camzyos, we expect a continued steady flow patients coming into our hub and then moving out to commercial product in the back end of the year. Remember, that take around eight to 10 weeks for patients to move from our hub into commercial product. And finally, we're continuing to increase supply for Abecma in advance of our KarMMa-3 launch, as well as ramping [indiscernible] for Breyanzi in the back end of the year. And for those reasons, we remain committed to roughly doubling our sales of new products this year.
Adam Lenkowsky: Great. As you heard from David, Eliquis had unfavorable gross to net adjustments in the quarter. We saw is an increase in Medicare and PHS patients, as you probably know, there's a lag in getting claims. And those claims came in, in the second quarter. So really, that's an unfavorable adjustment. But we're very pleased with what we're seeing with Eliquis in the US. Remember, 75% of Eliquis' business remains in the US, and we expect continued strong growth. Our share -- our NBRx share is north of 70% and continues to grow. Our TRx share continues to not only grow strong, but continues with linear growth, coupled with the OAC market, which is also accelerating since the beginning of the year. Now you also mentioned about ex-U.S. dynamics, international dynamics. We are seeing demand increases, but that's offset by the impact of price erosion in a number of our European markets. David talked about the impact of generic penetration in Canada and the UK, with [indiscernible] both those markets. But overall, we're very pleased with Eliquis' performance, and we would expect continued strong growth.
Adam Lenkowsky: Yes, Dane, thanks. As it relates to Sotyktu, as I mentioned, certainly our objective is to continue to grow market share. As I said it's nearing 40%, we continue to see month-over-month increases. And we feel very good about where our market share is trending towards the back end of the year. Our objective is to surpass Otezla. And so, when you think about where we are today, we have doubled the volume of TRx equivalents from Q2 to Q1, and we expect that also to accelerate. It will take time to move patients from bridge to commercial drug, certainly around, as I mentioned, two to three months. So that ramp will happen in the back end of the year. And as we start to unlock other plans starting in January of next year, we'll also see that start to take place as well, more patients moving into commercial supply. So we feel very good about our continued growth prospects for Sotyktu in the back end of this year and certainly into 2024.
Adam Lenkowsky: I'll take the first question, Olivia. Thanks for the question. So as it relates to manufacturing and the capacity shutdown. So we're making very good progress to increase our capacity across our cell therapy franchise, both Abecma and Breyanzi. I talked about the two components of that. But as it relates to the manufacturing shutdown, that really is limited to Abecma, because [indiscernible] where Abecma is manufactured. And so, all of our shutdowns are planned, accounted for in our capacity plans. This is routine shutdown to execute maintenance at our site for approximately one month. And the ramp for Abecma is really tied to overall supply plans with KarMMa-3 being one important aspect of that ramp. And that's important because we now have over 90% manufacturing success rates and multiple ramp since launch. So, this routine manufacturing maintenance process are really important for us to continue our strong success rate and build our readiness for increase capacity in advance of the KarMMa-3 launch. So as David mentioned, that will have some impact in Q3, and we expect our Abecma sales to accelerate in Q4 and certainly into 2024.
Giovanni Caforio: Thanks, Evan. This is Giovanni. So first of all, the decision to execute the $4 billion ASR and as you know, we had a $6 billion authorization outstanding is really driven by the great confidence we have in the future of the company. And importantly, the strong financial position we are in and the financial flexibility we have. So we remain in a position in which we are investing in the future of our company and that's in terms of supporting a great pipeline that we have internally, but also continuing to be committed to business development as the central pillar of the capital allocation strategy. I think as David has mentioned many times, we are in a strong position and the capital allocation strategy of the company remains very balanced. But given the confidence we have in where we are and the future of the company, we made a decision to execute the ASR of $4 billion in Q3.
Giovanni Caforio: Chris, the only thing I would add is just that the manufacturing investments that Adam alluded to are part of a broader strategy that we have that I think is going to be important for us as we think about this platform more generally. And as you've heard us talk about in the past and we'll talk again about at the R&D Day in September, we've obviously got a very exciting portfolio of cell therapy assets, notably GPRC5D as well as [NEX-T CD19] (ph). And so these investments will be critical for those as well.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. And just -- Tim, just to add on what Chris mentioned before on IRA. We have discussed before that we don't see a meaningful impact for us until 2026. So the dynamics that Chris described don't meaningfully impact our P&L and our outlook in 2024 and 2025.
Giovanni Caforio: Thank you, Steve. Let me -- I know we've discussed a lot on Revlimid in our prepared remarks. And I just want to go back to explaining the dynamics at play here. So, we started to see some softness in Revlimid revenue at the end of Q1, and obviously we needed to understand why. I think it's important to remember that there were a number of dynamics happening at the same time. So as you know, the most recent increase in generic volumes had entered in March, and we have seen that drive significant variability in the past. At the same time, we saw an increase in the number of patients that were receiving free drug from the BMS Patient Assistance Foundation, which also started in Q1. Of course, we looked into this dynamic and skewed to progress. The number of patients on free drug started to increase, continue to increase eventually reaching significantly higher levels than we had seen historically. And also the impact on Revlimid and Pomalyst revenue accelerated during the course of Q2. So we have been looking at these trends. And one of the things that is important to consider here is that, once the BMS Patient Assistance Foundation provides free drug to a patients consistent with HHS guidance, we provide that free drug for the totality of [indiscernible]. And so, what we looked at was not only the impact on the quarter, but also the impact on the full year. And today, we are in a position to assess those impacts, and that's why we are in a position to give you a clearer picture of what happened beginning at the end of Q1 and most importantly in Q2. You asked the question -- so the generic dynamics that we've discussed for a while, which really accounts for month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter variability are not a factor in what we are – what we've disclosed today. But obviously, they were at play as we were looking at the development of Revlimid revenue during the second quarter. You asked a question as to why we are expecting now the step down for Revlimid to be lower next year. And a couple of things that I'd like to say again. So first of all, as I mentioned earlier, we don't expect these dynamics to continue next year, because we are seeing that the number of patients applying for free product from the BMS Patient Assistance Foundation is returning to normal. And importantly, because of the Part D redesign dynamics that I covered before. And so, if you think about it, if you have a lower base coming out of 2023, given that we don't really see a change in the generic erosion assumptions that we have made before, now the step-down is lower and we've estimated that to be $1.5 billion in 2024 and approximately $2 billion in 2025. So that's the number of dynamics at play here.
Giovanni Caforio: Mohit, yes, we -- so remember, the discussions that we had -- and I'll ask Adam to jump in. But remember the discussion that we had was, in fact, we've updated our expectations for Pomalyst and for Revlimid. And for Pomalyst, specifically, about $300 million for this year and 20% roughly of the $330 million that we saw for Revlimid [indiscernible] for the first quarter. When looking at the totality of performance for the in-line business, we continue to feel really strongly about the strength of the trends. And that's one of the reasons why we feel very confident at reaffirming the guidance for 2025, both for our in-line portfolio and for the new products.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, David. Thank you, Dane. David, why don't you start and then Adam can answer the question on Sotyktu.
Giovanni Caforio: So thank you, everyone. So as I think about the quarter, first of all, I want to say, obviously, we provided an important update to our outlook for the year. We don't take that lightly. At the same time, when I look at the future of the company, we remain and I am very optimistic about where we are driven by the discussion we had about our in-line products, the performance of the launch portfolio and the strength of our pipeline. With that, I want to thank you for participating. Our team, as always, remains available to answer any questions you may have. And wish everyone a good day.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Giovanni, and thanks for the question, Seamus. So LPA1, if you think about IPF and PPF, they both are conditions which have a very high unmet medical need. To date, there are only two terms approved for IPF and only one approved for PPS, so -- and both of them have their own safety liability, which does not allow patients to continue on treatment for a very long duration. We have now shown in three different studies, the first one with the first generation of VA1 and the other two studies that recently completed. We've shown the efficacy of the oral drug, our LPA1 inhibitor in improving the outcomes for these patients in terms of decreasing the reduction of FVC. You saw the data for LPA1 and IPF, where we showed an improvement in that -- in the SVC, both in patient population which was treated without any background therapy, as well as in patients who were on background therapy. Later this year, we will be able to share the data at a medical conference for EPF as well. Both of these datasets are giving us confidence that we will be launching two Phase 3 trials starting later this year or very early next year for IPF and PPF to be able to bring this medicine to patients in the short term. But Adam, do want add about...
Samit Hirawat: And just to add to what Adam has just talked about Opdualag, there is obviously a large program behind the approved indication in metastatic melanoma. We have the adjuvant study in melanoma that will read out as the events come through, as well as the Phase 3 study in colorectal cancer MSS that will also be -- which is an event-driven overall survival primary endpoint study that will read out over 2024-2025. And then, of course, behind that, we're looking forward to seeing the data next year for non-small cell lung cancer as well as for hepatocarcinoma in the first and the second line in 2024. So there is a large program behind the melanoma metastatic disease.
Samit Hirawat: Thanks, Adam, and thanks, Matt, for the question on Opdualag, non-small cell lung cancer randomized Phase 2 study is continuing to enroll and ongoing. We have not seen the data, and that decision will be based on meeting -- proceeding to Phase 3 will be based on looking at the overall data set from both overall response rate, but also the PFS directionally where it goes. So that's why I was saying that we'll get to see that data set more so in early part of 2024.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you, Chris, and thank you for the question. For the next-gen CAR-T CD19 therapy, what you're seeing is that, we have just started the Phase 1 study. There is going to be dose escalation and dose expansion. What you will also see later this year, and possibly we might be able to talk about it in September, we will be adding additional indications. So we are taking that into account and putting the dates into the system in [indiscernible]. But certainly, there will be earlier data readouts and earlier data sharing prior to that date. So, we'll seek to inform as we progress with the study conduct.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. And very quickly on the question on LAG-3 non-small cell lung cancer. The Phase II study is combining of Opdualag with chemotherapy, comparing versus [indiscernible] plus chemotherapy. But for the Phase 3 trial, we intend to do the combination comparison versus nemolizumab plus chemotherapy. So we have to keep that in mind as we look at the data evolution and the outcome so that we have the appropriateness in terms of the magnitude of effect that we need to see in Phase 2. So that's our bar. And in terms of the start of the study, it depends on when the study reads out, and then we are ready and prepared to quickly launch the Phase 3 program [indiscernible].
