Francis M. Cuss: Well, good morning Steve. It's Francis Cuss here. So thank you very much for that question. We have not seen any difficulty in recruiting patients for any of our studies with Opdivo or indeed the combination. And certainly it's not related to the ability to look for PD-L1 expression or not. I would say as, a physician obviously the less one has to do to be able to treat the patient and really have a good idea of the benefit, that makes a lot of sense. So we are very happy that we're heading towards broad labels for the tumors we're looking at, and we've fully characterize the PD-L1 expression. Moving to the combinations with chemotherapy, we believe we have very comprehensive data set now with various chemotherapy Nivo combinations – probably with the longest follow-up in the industry. Based on our comprehensive data from CheckMate-012, combinations of Opdivo with conventional chemo regimens may sometimes achieve high and durable responses. But we've seen with longer follow-up that the survival at a year was actually no different for Opdivo combinations with chemo compared to Opdivo monotherapy. In effect what we saw was additive but non-durable response rates at the cost of additional toxicity. Now just to put this in context we showed at ASCO last time, one year survival for Opdivo mono-therapy of about 70% to 85% regardless of PD-L1 expression. So we are focused on the Opdivo Yervoy combo and we'll in addition continue to explore other scientifically driven combinations to advance our first line strategy and our position. We are additionally interested in nontraditional chemo-combo regimens including innovative approaches to sequences and maintenance. So let me just remind you, our strategy for first line is to improve survival and replace (20:31). And to do this we are exploring multiple Opdivo combinations as well as mono-therapy. And earlier I-O assets targeted therapies and chemo, both internally and externally. Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning Andrew. Obviously I'm disappointed that the studies in small cell and prostate didn't meet their primary endpoints with Yervoy. And I think it's really important to say, we never expected that every I-O agent in every tumor was going be successful. But again we're here to follow the science and generate the data. Now I think it's also fair to say that based on the pre-clinical science and the promising clinical data we've seen, our strategy is rapidly evolving to studying combinations of Yervoy and Opdivo in multiple tumors. So, just to talk about small cell for a moment, we presented data at ASCO – that's the CheckMate-032 study that showed activity in platinum sensitive and resistant patients in both mono-therapy, but even more interestingly in combination. And with very good tolerability. And I think it's also important to say we've shown activity in prostate cancer with Yervoy even though we didn't actually meet our primary end points. So let me say that I think we believe in the importance of the complementary mechanism of action in I-O. We are firmly committed to Yervoy, which I think is a very important part of our combination strategy, combined with Opdivo in multiple tumors. And I think it's important to say that we're making very good progress at the moment in melanoma with validation of our EU combo filing just this week. And we have the upcoming PDUFA date at the end of September for the U.S. 069 filing. Turning to the ARISTOTLE data. I'm not going to get into the details of our regulatory strategy around this but we are looking at every opportunity to use what we believe is a very important data set. Talking to KOLs and the regulatory authorities in terms of providing additional information for this very important area.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning. So let me just draw you back a little bit just to talk about our first line lung strategy because I think it's very important. We have two studies in first line, two registration potential studies. One in mono-therapy U026 in PD-L1 expressing patients, and this provides the quickest way to bring Opdivo to first line patients. And I think based on the data we presented at ASCO that, that we're very enthusiastic about that study. As you noted, we do have a registration study of Opdivo and Yervoy together which is started in both expressers and non-expressers of PD-L1. And that's the next likely potential positive study. So we believe that Opdivo will be foundational, and that the Nivo combos have the best potential to further improve survival, and to replace chemotherapy as Giovanni mentioned earlier. Now obviously earlier we have a LAG-3 program in combination with Nivo that's in early stage testing. We hope to see some data on that next year. And behind that, we have a bold initiative to bring forward six additional assets into the clinic in the next 18 months. And some of these would be certainly natural to expect to combine with the Nivolumab. So we have a near medium and long-term opportunity to look at different approaches to first line lung cancer and replace chemotherapy. Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Tim. I think it's absolutely clear that the bar is higher in first line because of the benefits seen with double-up therapy. And as a result, we have focused on the PD-L1 monotherapy population and our combination therapy – sorry, our Yervoy Nivo combination study, we have looked predominantly at that. That being said, we do believe we've seen some interesting data we've presented at ASCO in terms of durable responses in PD-L1 negative patients in first line. Don't think we've got to a point yet where we're comfortable understanding whether it's appropriate to go directly against the platinum doublers (38:47), but of course there's lots of other combinations too, as I mentioned. Beyond IPI/Nivo there are earlier I-O assets, target therapies and these nontraditional chemo-combo regimens I talked about. So I think there's a lot of opportunity. We're looking at all of them. But we're leading off with the Yervoy Opdivo combination in the negative patient population. That's the nearest term for us. Thank you.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, John. We were obviously very excited when the study was stopped early based on the top line data from the interim analysis. And the fact that Opdivo demonstrated an improvement in overall survival versus the standard of care (41:26) we believe from previous studies is just about unique. Can't talk more about the data before it's presented, but I will say we're working with the investigators on a future presentation and a publications results as soon as possible. As far as the – our regulatory strategy I'm not going to go into detail, but I think as you've seen we've shown recently in melanoma in lung we can work together and very quickly with the FDA and other health authorities. And we'll be looking to submit that data as soon as possible. Let me just talk about the other data that might be coming out. I think in addition to the nine registration studies in the last year that we've had positive data, we have a further 25 either ongoing or planned. You mentioned some of them. As we look forward, obviously it depends on the data, although I will say recruitment is going well, but we may see information next year in 2016 in Hodgkins, non-Hodgkins lymphoma and bladder potentially. And potentially some others. So it's going be – we're going to continue seeing differentiated data, which is what we're trying to do. But I think in the near term, with all the differentiated data we've had, we're certainly focusing on getting those submissions in and getting the broadest label we can as quickly as possible.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Mark. First of all, as you say, you'll be glad to hear – finally you will be hearing about the 012 data on the combination. These are the combinations, the regimens that we have taken forward into our trial, the 227 trial. I will say we're excited about it. We've consulted obviously with thought leaders and they also recommend that we should go forward with these. I'm not going to talk specifically about the regimens, but what I will say is these are pretty large studies, of large numbers of patients for an early study, approximately 50 per group. We have data on all patients up to about six months, but obviously as you appreciate as these mature, some of them are further out and they will continue to inform going forward. But I'm afraid you'll have to wait for specifics until it's presented.
Francis M. Cuss: Okay. So good morning, Seamus. So when we look at the data set we have, where obviously the focus is really on maintaining the kind of efficacy we've seen in the combination, but wanting to get as close in terms of tolerability to Nivo monotherapy. And so the first thing to look at in these two will be the tolerability. As far as the efficacy's concerned, as you know, we've focused pretty much on the durability of responses, or overall survival, or one year landmark survival. And as I said we had six months survival for all patients in this study and it's maturing. So it's really about this therapeutic index both tolerability and efficacy. In terms of the chemo data I believe we have presented some of that. Obviously as is important with these exploratory studies the data matures and continues to become more informative with time. Can't tell you exactly when we will be presenting it but we will be sometime in the future. And just an R&D comment on the Cabo data. Obviously we haven't seen the full data set but I think if you look at our Phase II monotherapy data for Opdivo in renal cell, I think we showed superior efficacy to TKI's [tyrosine kinase inhibitors] with also TKI – sorry, with superiority in terms of tolerability also.
Francis M. Cuss: Good morning, Chris. So the thinking really behind the sequencing is, there's sort of two potential hypotheses. One is that you might generate more antigens from cytotoxicity of the tumor, and that might be a good thing, and you might want to get that in before the I-O. The opposite one is that you might actually be causing some immune suppression with chemotherapy, and actually reducing the benefits of I-O. And, of course, what we have seen is probably better one-year survival in our exploratory studies in first line with Opdivo than with second line. Might be other features involved with that, too. So we think it's very important to understand, as we are with I-O agents, the sequence and actually explore exactly what the right approach to this might be. Those studies are ongoing. We don't have any plans at the moment – we have no data, but no plans to present yet. But obviously sometime in the future we will be doing that. Thank you.
Giovanni Caforio: Steve, let me just add to what Francis just said. This is Giovanni. With respect to your first question, we're actually very excited that we are enrolling ahead of schedule, as Francis said. And that's clearly an indicator of the interest in the first line trial with Opdivo. And with respect to your chemotherapy question, just to add again to what Francis said. What's really interesting that we are seeing in the marketplace, in the very early days of our launch in second line, is the speed at which chemotherapy is being abandoned. There's clearly concerns with the limitations in terms of long-term efficacy, and obviously the side effects are something that physicians and patients are actually being really excited about abandoning as well. So I think that's an important first early learning from the marketplace.
Giovanni Caforio: And just to add on that, Andrew, I would say, as I mentioned at the beginning, we really are entering in a period of exciting growth. I am very encouraged by the fact that we have very strong clinical momentum, good progress on the regulatory front. Commercial execution is strong. And you'll see the trends for our growth products continue. Obviously Charlie described some of the dynamics in the second quarter. But we've made a decision to make a number of strategic investments at a time in which we really are in a position of strength, beginning an important phase of growth. And I think I'm really confident in how this chapter that I describe between now and 2020 will play out for us.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes, Vamil. Thank you. This is Giovanni. Let me just answer the first question on diversification. And then Francis will make some comments on combination strategies. So my perspective is that obviously at the center of our strategy is immuno-oncology. And as I said at the beginning, when we think about the next period of growth between now and 2020, the next five years, our growth will come disproportionately from Opdivo and Eliquis. And within Opdivo, obviously there is an element of diversification as well because our staffing strategies are really focused on lung, and melanoma and renal cell. But then we are expanding into a large number of other tumor opportunities. Longer term, we believe we have an exciting early pipeline within immuno-oncology, and in a select number of areas in which we are focused that can drive our growth in the medium and the long-term. And the areas are the ones we've discussed before. So CV with a focus on heart failure, immunology, and the areas of fibrosis and genetically defined diseases. In all of those areas, we have ongoing programs which are early, but are potentially transformative. And with respect to how we complement that, our business development strategy is – does not change, and it's really the strategy that we've articulated before. I think that one of our core strength as a company is really our ability to complement internal R&D with business development. We've clearly demonstrated that in fibrosis with the recent agreements we had. And even in CV through our deal with uniQure. So you will see us continue to execute our strategy in business development to complement our internal programs there.
Giovanni Caforio: Let me just, Jami, just further reinforce the point that Charlie has made. When you look at our immuno-oncology opportunity there is very strong momentum from a clinical perspective. I think it's fair to say our strategies have been validated clearly this year. There is extremely good execution from a regulatory perspective, not only in the U.S. but in Europe and internationally as well. Commercial execution is strong. The early indicators are encouraging. And I think that our decision to incrementally invest is really one that starts from our position of strength, and the confidence we have in the magnitude of the opportunity in the medium and in the long term. And as I said at the beginning, for us this is an unprecedented set of opportunities, and we're making the right investments behind them. Obviously we are very conscious of the comment you made with respect to leverage and increased profitability. And I think as we look at this period we see that happening, as Charlie said.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. Tim, let me just start on the first part of the question. Murdo will further expand on Europe, including the pricing in Germany, and then Francis can answer your comments on first line. I think we're in a very, very strong position globally in having a data set across all patient populations that enable us to describe to physicians and patients and payers, the role of bio markers. And I think it is important that our strategy there has been validated. The roll of biomarkers is different, it depends on the line of therapy, it depends on the tumor. But we have the right data sets to have those discussions. We are receiving strong feedback from physicians including in Europe regarding our strategy. And I'll ask Murdo to give you some more insights there.
Giovanni Caforio: And Tim, we feel very strongly about our first line lung strategy. As we said at the beginning in answering the first question, the enrollment of the monotherapy trial in PD-L1 positive ahead of schedule. As you know we've posted the combo trial on ClinicalTrials.gov, and that study on the combination is one that is clearly very, very important for us. As you know, we've done a lot of early work in that space in understanding the regimen, the combination regimen that can be most effective in patients in lung cancer. And I think you'll see some of that data when we go to the lung, the World Lung meeting in September from further analysis of Study 12.
Giovanni Caforio: Sure. So why don't Francis start with your questions on renal and hematology and then we'll take the Hep C questions.
Giovanni Caforio: Mark, on business development. Let me just reiterate what I said before, our strategy does not change. We are indifferent with the size of the opportunities, but I will ask Charlie to comment further.
Giovanni Caforio: Seamus, why don't we start with the – your questions on 012 and lung broadly for Francis, then we'll go to Opdivo uptake and, Murdo will give you some insights there.
Giovanni Caforio: Yea. So it's early days but the trends we are seeing are really encouraging. I should say that our launch in Germany as we mentioned before is off to a really strong start as well. It's even earlier there but execution so far has been very strong.
Giovanni Caforio: So I would say you'll probably see obviously, as always in Europe, a very similar sequence as we saw for Yervoy and we see for other new products with rapid launch and uptake in countries where that process is short. But continuing significant number of launches over the next 12 months to 18 months across all European markets.
Giovanni Caforio: Okay, let me comment quickly on the diversification issue. I think that when we look at our business, the period between now and 2020, the next five years, the growth as I said is clearly – will clearly come disproportionately from the growth of Opdivo and the potential of Eliquis. Within Opdivo there is a degree of diversification. Long term as we think about a second cycle, we are thinking about our early pipeline generating opportunities that are more diversified for us within immune-oncology, because as Francis mentioned, we have clearly assets in the clinics; we're bringing six more assets into the clinic. So there is an element of diversification which is already within immuno-oncology, but then we have exciting early programs in the other areas. So it is a concept that does not require us to change our approach, and in fact what I mentioned at the beginning, importantly, is that our business development strategy remains pretty much the same. Let me ask Murdo to make – to give you some perspective on payers.
Giovanni Caforio: So thanks, everyone. Let me just close the call and say again, we had a very strong quarter. We have good momentum with our long-term growth drivers, significant clinical progress, strong regulatory developments, very good commercial execution and trends in the marketplace. We are making the right investments. It is clear to me that we are well on our way and entering an exciting period of growth for the company. So thanks everyone. And have a good day.
Charles A. Bancroft: Andrew, this is Charlie. I'll briefly touch on your guidance question. We raised guidance because we feel very strongly and encouraged about our sales trends about the key products that are – not just for us now, but as we look into the future. We did have some one-off items where the French ATU, which helped us in the first half. And remember that we had Abilify in the first – basically in the first quarter that doesn't replicate. I would also mention that gross margin, the first half of the year we were averaged at 78%. I've guided to 76%. We're starting to see the unwind of the favorable foreign exchange we see in the first half. And also remember that the expenses that both Giovanni and I spoke about earlier by and large accrue to us in the second half of this year.
Charles A. Bancroft: Thank you, Jami. I think the I-O opportunity as we see it, with the continued good clinical outcomes, stoppage of trials. I think we mostly see it as our opportunity to just continue to reinforce our leadership position in I-O. Clearly we recognize that I-O is immensely competitive and that has a small factor, but I think it's largely due to how we see our competitive position within the overall I-O space. As it relates to the bottom line and how we potentially see leverage. To seize on that opportunity as we continue to see the evolution of that, and not only that, but our performance in the market, we see that it's required to continue to invest to maximize that opportunity. And I don't necessarily see that the leverage – I can't comment on 2016, but as I look further out to the back end of this decade, I will see that that will ultimately improve our leverage.
Charles A. Bancroft: I would just say that, John, we have a lot of balance sheet flexibility to do deals of various sizes. I think our sweet spot if you look back historically has been in the smaller type deal. I wouldn't necessarily say that that's all we look at. We look at a number of things. As it relates to mid-cap biotech prices, if you look at how they've performed over the last several years comparative to larger cap pharma or to the S&P, significantly outpaced. So there is a significant valuation. I'd hate to call it a bubble, because who knows how long this may last. But it is, I would say, well out-performed the market.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, thanks, Giovanni. Thanks, Tim, for the question. We are as Giovanni highlighted hearing from European thought leaders that consistent with some of the perspective of U.S. thought leaders post ASCO, that the role of PD-L1 is unclear in selecting patients. So that consistent perspective has been played back. That being said, given the nature of the healthcare systems across Europe, we could end up in discussions with payers in Europe where they are seeking to restrict Opdivo in second line patients in lung cancer. So we will work obviously very closely with each of the payers in Europe to help them understand the full breadth of the data as Giovanni has highlighted. We are in a position to describe the efficacy of Opdivo across a broad range of second line patients, across a broad range of histologies. In Germany we've been fortunate, we've had a very quick start. As you know, reimbursement is not a barrier to initial launch in Germany. And we have a tacked (37:48) well, a public price of €7,421 roughly per month, and that was listed July 15.
Murdo Gordon: And, John, the other question you asked regarding the ATU in France it's a program that was open from beginning of March until the end of October. We accrued roughly 4,000 patients in that program. And the price for a 12 week supply was €25,500, and that's public.
Murdo Gordon: And, Seamus, your question regarding uptake, we're really excited about what we're seeing in the market with Opdivo. The initial launch in melanoma was a strong launch. Obviously in second line what we are seeing now is that we are about at parity with Keytruda in the community setting, and we're gaining good market share in the institutional setting. I will say in melanoma we're also seeing some off label usage since ASCO of PD-1 inhibitors in front line, as you recall from Charlie and Giovanni's remarks that's put some pressure on Yervoy, but Opdivo is seeing lift in a non-promoted setting there. And in lung we've really had a very rapid penetration of the squamous second line market. We're getting about two-thirds of new patients there, and that happened very rapidly. And then since NCCN updated June 12 post-ASCO we've also seen a very nice uptick in lung overall. Clearly that's another off label indication given that we're only promoting in squamous right now. So I would say very soon we'll see lung eclipsing our melanoma business and we'll see some nice growth out of Opdivo this year.
Murdo Gordon: So, Chris, let me take the first couple of questions and then I'll pass it over to Francis for your last one. In the U.S. we are seeing very balanced uptake. So we're seeing very rapid adoption in second line squamous in the community and in the academic setting. As you may recall, we did a large amount of education around immuno-oncology when we launched Yervoy and I think having a broad understanding of how the immune check point inhibitors work, the safety profile being particularly good with Nivolumab has helped us have a very rapid penetration in the community. And so I think we'll expect that to continue with broadening indications. In Europe, we're very encouraged by what we've seen as Giovanni mentioned in Germany. I would say that the enthusiasm and interest in second line squamous and in first and second line melanoma is very high. I think obviously as you know the rate limiter in many European markets will be how quickly we can secure market access, and we have a lot of people on the ground working very closely with the payers and reimbursement authorities across Europe to expedite that as best as possible while still securing a good reimbursement price.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Giovanni. Thanks, Gregg. We've really been fortunate with the quality of data that have been generated behind Opdivo. The value that we've been able to establish for patients with metastatic melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer, and I think that's been recognized by payers. We've established very broad and very rapid access in the U.S. The breadth of indications that we hope will follow will also further strengthen our ability to weather any attempt that any payers may have to try to restrict these agents, which is very difficult to do in the oncology area with drugs like Opdivo with overall survival benefits. So we feel very good about our current access and our ability to sustain that going forward.
