Elliott Sigal: Yes, Jami, I'll reiterate Lamberto's statement that our confidence in the results from the ARISTOTLE trial and the AVERROES trial has not changed. I think it is significant that we've already met with the FDA, that the FDA set a meeting date to discuss how to move forward after the Complete Response Letter on the day that we were issued the Complete Response Letter, and that meeting has already taken place. I went into the meeting cautiously optimistic that we could move this application forward. And that confidence has increased. We understand what the FDA is asking for and already working on providing that information. The FDA, along with both sponsors, are committed to working expeditiously to address the outstanding questions and move the application forward. As we stated in our press release last month, the Complete Response Letter details the request for additional information on data management and verification from the ARISTOTLE study. And this was a complex, large trial over multiple years, involving 18,000 patients. The operational complexity of conducting a program of this size with a significant number of patient records is an important consideration in the FDA's review. I believe everybody understands the significance of the results and the significance of the differentiated profile, and so their due diligence on every detail and their meticulous aspect of the review, I think, is understandable. I will emphasize the questions raised do not relate to the primary or key secondary endpoints and do not contest the validity of our database. Importantly, the Complete Response Letter does not request that we conduct any additional studies. I can't be too predictive about time lines other than to say that the FDA regulations are that they have the option to take up to 6 months to review our response once it's submitted. We're working ferociously to submit this application and know exactly what to do. We're already working with the agency in a collaborative manner, and I think that it's possible our submission can be completed within a shorter time frame than the allowable 6 months after submission. I will say we are proud to have been able to get ELIQUIS filed in all 3 major markets, the U.S., Europe and Japan, within several months of each other. We're working on all 3 continents with health authorities to bring this differentiated profile to patients as soon as possible. Jami also asked a question about PD-1 and you must have picked up something that just came across the wire from clinicaltrials.gov. And this is our first Phase III trial for anti-PD-1, this time in lung cancer. I will step back and mention that the mechanism involved here is to unleash the immune system to attack the cancer cells that are invading the body. This is a natural mechanism, and cancer has a way of putting this mechanism into check. Anti-PD-1 removes that break and allows the immune system to attack cancer cells. This is true with YERVOY, and this is true with anti-PD-1 by a different mechanism. The data we presented from our Phase I/II study at ASCO are very important, and we have acted in a data-driven manner to accelerate and expand the anti-PD-1 program. Interim results showed that this therapy is clinically active in non-small cell lung cancer, metastatic melanoma and renal cell carcinoma, importantly with durable responses in many patients and an acceptable and manageable safety profile. And we've seen activity at multiple dose levels. So we have designed multiple Phase III programs and are working with health authorities around the world. Today, it's become public that our first Phase III study in lung cancer will address the significant unmet medical need in the histology of squamous cell, non-small cell lung cancer and in second line. Importantly, this is a monotherapy trial involving over 250 patients, is compared in a controlled manner with an active control, docetaxel. The primary outcomes are both response rates and overall survival. This Phase III program will also include earlier lines of therapy and different histologies and other tumor types, including renal cell and melanoma. And these Phase III programs will begin this year in all 3 tumor types.
Elliott Sigal: Well, Lamberto, I was going to update people on dapagliflozin and then YERVOY prostate results. Dapagliflozin, we're pleased to have received a positive opinion from the CHMP in Europe in April. And we've always believed in the benefit/risk of the drug, and we're glad to see this is recognized in Europe. The next step is EU approval decision, which we expect to occur in the second half of this year, 2012. I would add that it's very exciting with our potential acquisition of Amylin to be a company that looks to the future with all 3 modern mechanisms, SGLT2, DPP-4 and GLP-1, in a franchise to offer patients and physicians options across a spectrum of the disease. And these 3 offerings may well occur first in Europe. In the U.S., we are disappointed to have received a Complete Response Letter. In the CRL, the FDA is requesting more clinical data to allow better assessment of the overall benefit/risk profile. In contrast to ELIQUIS, the path forward is not as clear as I would like. However, we are collaborating with the FDA to define our options for a path forward in this important mechanism. YERVOY's life cycle management program continues beyond melanoma. And our prostate trial that began several years ago, we think we will have results at least internally in the second half of next year.
Elliott Sigal: Tony, you asked a question about what we might present at the liver meetings on our hepatitis C program. We will be presenting because we now have safety data from the Phase II study called 003, that was started by Inhibitex with the Inhibitex nucleotide 189 on top of standard of care in genotype 2 and 3 patients. And we expanded this study in May to include arms that combine our 5A inhibitor, daclatasvir/ribavirin N-189, as well as an exploratory cohort of daclatasvir plus 189, all in genotype 1. So we expect to present initial data from the study 003, and that will be, I think, significant in terms of our assessment of safety. We also expect to present additional data from the daclatasvir plus the nucleotide from Gilead, in combination -- in the combination trial. Specifically, we expect to present the SVR12 data from 24 weeks of treatment. We may well have SVR4 data from the 12-week arm from the study, and it'll be unclear at this time whether it'll be available for the presentation, but we will try to make it available if we have it and if we meet the time lines. I will say that you may have noted that we also recently posted our internal Phase IIb trial on 189 plus daclatasvir that will begin recruiting soon.
Elliott Sigal: Tim, this is Elliot. With regard to dapagliflozin, FORXIGA, in Europe, we're waiting for the EU decision that follows the CHMP-positive opinion. That decision takes a variable amount of time. We are expecting it now in the second half of '12. The issue in the U.S. is the judgment of benefit versus risk. And as I mentioned before, we're working with the FDA on paths forward for that. With regard to the time lines on ELIQUIS, again, I think it's difficult to predict. I'll have to restate the fact that once we submit, and we're working very hard over the next 6 weeks to answer as many, if not all, the questions as we can, there could be a -- up to a 6-month review period. But the way the engagement is occurring, it is possible that the FDA will not require that full 6 months.
Elliott Sigal: Seamus, this is Elliott. I'll take the questions in reverse order. We don't have any more to announce today other than the Phase III trial that is starting to recruit in August. I did say that, in a data-driven way, we are looking at accelerating the program and broadening the program since that is required both by the unmet medical need and the data, and we have a good working relationship with health authorities. With regard to ELIQUIS, I think you specifically asked site inspections, as far as I know at this time, are well behind us. And I believe it's a matter of working together on what we will submit, hopefully, sometime in early September.
Elliott Sigal: With regard to ELIQUIS regulatory activity, as I mentioned, we're working hard on all 3 continents. So we're interacting with health authorities in Japan and Europe, as well as in the U.S.
Elliott Sigal: Catherine, if I understood the questions right, the sequential data on the anti-PD-1 -- I don't have a specific date when you'll see that information. But we will start our Phase III trials in melanoma. We first thought by the end of the year or early next year, I think it's going to happen this year, and we'll be finalizing those trials with the appropriate health authorities and publishing them as soon as they're finalized on clinicaltrials.gov. I believe your second question had to do with biomarkers, and we are -- we have a very robust approach to biomarkers in the PD-1 space, and including PD-L1 as a marker, so patients are getting biopsied. We're looking at whether there's a subgroup of patients that will help personalize this approach as precision medicine. And then the PD-1 in other solid tumors will -- is being evaluated. I think this is a very exciting opportunity in multiple solid tumors.
Elliott Sigal: Mark, you had 2 questions that I might be able to help with. The outcomes trial with BYDUREON is certainly a focus of ours once the transition -- once the acquisition closes. We will talk with the Duke investigators that we're quite familiar with and heavily involved in. They reached out to us. I think the way to look at this is all 3 of our mechanisms have an opportunity to modify CV risk. And all 3 of our mechanisms with AstraZeneca will have outcomes studies because it's not enough these days just to lower sugar. One must do so as safe as possible, with few hypoglycemic events and offer something in addition. Glucose plus is what we call it. The weight reduction, the blood pressure reduction and the biochemical activities of all 3 mechanisms give us hope that the outcome trials will document CV reduction. And so we will be working on that outcomes trial. It will be several years before that's available, and I think the advantage of the first weekly diabetes medicine of BYDUREON will carry it a long way, and we're committed to enhancing the delivery of that medicine. With regard to ELIQUIS, no, I won't talk about discussions that aren't finalized. But I do believe very strongly that the data should be reflected in the label, that this is a highly differentiated product with 2 wonderful studies that document a low bleeding rate and a tremendous efficacy. And that's important to reflect to patients and physicians because of the significant unmet need of stroke reduction in atrial fibrillation.
Elliott Sigal: Well, Steve, that's a good guess, but not something I can comment on nor something I have paid a lot of attention to on ELIQUIS. I would just go back to the statement that we are verifying the data management and validating aspects of the trial, that we think the endpoints are not being questioned, and we think this is a differentiated profile and I'll be able to explain more at an appropriate time. With regard to putting PD-1 into Phase III starting this summer, I think that we're trying everything possible to accelerate. And I don't have a prediction on when the Phase III trial or the registration will occur at this point. But as we move further, I'll be able to update people on that.
Elliott Sigal: Just quickly on PD-L1 and then I'll turn over to our commercial colleagues, Beatrice and Giovanni, on the other 2 questions. We have multiple options that we're evaluating for PD-L1 given the effort we're putting behind PD-1. There are some interesting applications of immune modulation that this mechanism may apply to, and specifically, we're looking at some in virology right now.
Lamberto Andreotti: If you're ready with the pipeline answers, why don't you go ahead, Elliott. I want to say a couple of things about YERVOY.
Lamberto Andreotti: We can't answer on the guidance for 2013. As we stated at our last earnings call, we are less than a year away from 2013, and we will plan to provide guidance for 2013 in January of next year.
Lamberto Andreotti: Yes. And outside of the U.S., the responsibility of these products is in the hands of Lilly. We had some good initial contacts with Lilly. I spoke myself to their CEO. And soon after the closing, we will go into the details of how to transition the products from Lilly to Bristol-Myers Squibb and AstraZeneca. There is a transition plan already agreed upon between Amylin and Lilly, and we will do our best to accelerate the transition. And so far, Lilly has been very cooperative, and I don't expect them to change in the interest of everybody and especially of the patients that need this GLP-1 product for the 3 companies, Lilly, AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers Squibb, to move that.
Lamberto Andreotti: Maybe, I should ask -- I should take Elliott out of the embarrassment of saying that we'll not answer this question but up to you to decide, Elliott. Your question about business development, we have a very good team in charge of business development here. Elliott Sigal is the interim head of that team. As you can imagine, we are all very focused on business development here at Bristol-Myers Squibb. I mean, this quarter, we have announced one of the biggest acquisitions of our recent -- our biggest acquisition over recent past. So our BD machine is working very effectively, and senior management of this company, including myself, we are all very involved in business development.
Lamberto Andreotti: So thank you very much, everybody. In conclusion, this was an important quarter for Bristol-Myers Squibb. We are confident that both our new and key products and our pipeline will continue to position our company for long-term growth. And coupled with our disciplined approach to business development and continuing good work on our clinical trials, we are confident that -- in our company's progress as we look at our -- to our future. So thank you, everybody, and have a good morning.
Giovanni Caforio: Yes. As Lamberto mentioned, we are building on a very successful launch in the first 12 months. And in Q2, in the U.S. specifically, we've made progress and grew sequentially our sales 4% and our demand 7% versus the previous quarter, versus Q1. Yes, we believe that YERVOY can grow further in the U.S., and we are very focused on continuing to educate physicians about the long-term survival benefit. And there are different ways you can look at the melanoma market. So from the perspective of the institutional and the hospital setting, we've been very successful in that segment, and we have good penetration with YERVOY. Physicians and patients in the U.S. are increasingly understanding within that setting the value of the long-term survival benefit of YERVOY. And we do see continued opportunities for growth in that segment, building on a very strong base. The process of educating physicians in the community setting is also progressing. But that is a slower and a longer process because many physicians see only very few patients a year. So the community setting is also an area of focus for us and where we can make significant inroads, but over time. There are also, obviously, very significant dynamics, different dynamics in the market depending on the BRAF status. The BRAF-positive segment, as Lamberto mentioned, remains very competitive. And we believe that physicians, as they continue to gain experience with the 2 novel agents and they continue to focus on long-term outcomes, will actually -- YERVOY will play an increased role in this segment over time. In the BRAF-negative population, YERVOY has a good penetration, but older agents are still getting usage. And so there is still room to grow and in that population as well and this is the immediate priority for us. So in summary, as we think about the second half, we are building on a very strong base. The market will continue to evolve over time. We will continue to focus on the long-term survival profile of YERVOY through our customer model, and we see the room for continued adoption of the product in the U.S.
Giovanni Caforio: I just like to reiterate and confirm, yes, the market is extremely competitive, and we also understand the level of competitive pressure will increase because of the inroads that recently launched products will -- are making and also the potential entry of new products in the next 12 to 24 months. I would say given that physicians and patients are very experienced and satisfied in existing agents and the existing regimens, that new products will need to meet a high threshold for differentiation in order to be accepted broadly. Having said that, we do believe that new entrants will have a place and especially in the treatment of naive patients and will have an impact in the market. From our perspective, as Lamberto mentioned, we have a very strong franchise with 2 leading agents. ATRIPLA continues to be the first most prescribed regimen in the U.S., and REYATAZ is the most prescribed protease inhibitor in the market. And they are clearly supported by very strong clinical data. Physicians are used to prescribing those 2 agents, and patients are very comfortable with them. Now given how important the franchise is to us, we are absolutely not underestimating the pressure that will come from new competitors. A couple of things I would say is we are well resourced commercially, and we are fully committed to support the 2 products appropriately. We also are very well prepared to respond and so we will continue to focus on this.
Giovanni Caforio: And with respect to the segments of the melanoma market in our share, BRAF testing at this point is -- the penetration is very high. We estimate that to be between 70% and 80% in the market. With respect to our business with YERVOY, 70% approximately of our business is coming from first line, 30% of the business is coming from the second line setting. We see approximately the same percentage of the business, 50-50 coming from community and hospital. And it's very difficult to give a precise answer on shares in any of those segments because the numbers are very small. So we work through ranges. In the BRAF-positive segment, we clearly have a lower share, which we estimate to be in the 10% to 20%. And we have a significantly higher share, of course, above 50% in a BRAF-negative patient population. But again, these are ranges based on a very small number of patients.
Giovanni Caforio: And on GLP-1s, we are clearly very excited with the opportunity to be able to promote the Amylin portfolio after the closing, and the fact that BYETTA and BYDUREON added to ONGLYZA and KOMBIGLYZE position us with a very broad portfolio of agents in diabetes potentially across all of the important classes. So with respect to our plans, upon closing of the acquisition, we will be immediately focusing on building on a successful initial launch by Amylin and revamping the sales trajectory of BYDUREON by further advancing the access position and increasing the focus on educating primary care physicians on the value of BYDUREON. We think that today, the GLP-1s have been used and prescribed primarily by endocrinologists in the U.S. but there are many patients that are not treated by endocrinologists that could benefit from GLP-1s and BYDUREON. And with respect to our plans with AstraZeneca and the Amylin teams, we are actually very well positioned to accomplish this objective. We will be able to leverage, as Lamberto mentioned earlier, our commercial experience. We have significant capabilities to improve access and affordability programs. We have existing diabetes sales forces, which can be deployed rapidly. And we expect that we will be able to significantly broaden the prescriber base and increase the adoption of the products. So this is in line with our plans from the beginning. Finally, we also believe that the successful launch of BYDUREON does not necessarily need to come at the expense of BYETTA, and we see the potential for the 2 formulations of exenatide to be quite complementary. Because of the fact that a twice-daily formulation has better effects on post-meal spikes and the indications of BYETTA over time, we would expect to see BYETTA usage as an adjunct to patients taking daily insulin to treat their disease and that's clearly later stages of the disease. And with the weekly convenience and the better nausea profile of BYDUREON, we think they will be valued by patients at an early stage of the disease. So we will be thinking about both agents within the franchise, and we'll be focusing on supporting the performance of both.
Giovanni Caforio: And on the Amylin portfolio, clearly, immediately after the closing, we will be extremely focused on a very rapid integration. There is good work ongoing in Amylin. At the beginning, we will focus on strengthening, advancing access. We think that's absolutely essential. We have a base to build on the endocrinology market and that can grow further. And clearly, as I said before, we will focus on the primary care segment and that will be an immediate focus. But obviously, increased penetration in primary care will happen over time.
