Christopher Boerner: Seamus, maybe I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Samit. This is Chris. First, the Sotyktu launch, just as a top line message is going very well, as David mentioned, we're seeing very good uptake and feedback from physicians from a demand standpoint, which is, to your question, probably the most important thing that we can stay focused on in order to free up market access, we're seeing very good progress in the quarter. We had over 9,500 TRx Equivalents. We grew new patient enrollments just shy of 40% quarter-over-quarter. So we feel good about those underlying dynamics. And as you allude to, as we continue to build that volume of patients, we'll be able to be in a much better position to negotiate from a payer standpoint. What I would say is that our focus continues to be on where possible, pulling forward access decisions into this year that would mainly occur in the second half of this year. Right now, most of the commercial drug is coming still from those patients who have open plans and had open plans at launch. But from a baseline standpoint, I would still consider 2024 to be the point at which you'll see substantive changes in market access. But we remain focused on doing everything we can to pull that forward.
Christopher Boerner: So thank you, Andrew, for the question and very appropriately asked in terms of where we are going as well as the platform. So if you recall, NEX-T CD19, the one that we are using in SLE is the same platform that we've already tested actually, and we presented the data from there last year on our hematological malignancies side. We're using that because it has a shorter turnaround time, and we will be taking that forward in SLE now. From a speed perspective, what I can tell you is that we submitted the IND to the FDA, and we got a safe to proceed within 1.5 to 2 months. So that shows the excitement not only for us, but also the productive dialogue and constructive dialogue we had with the agency of how to move forward. Our initial trial design is to do a Phase I initiation in SLE where the proof of concept from external data does exist already. So we want to go speedily and it's a global trial. So we are not limited to just the U.S. but going to other countries, including the site that generated the data before in Germany, serving as the principal investigator. So we are pretty excited. And based on the data and the emergence of that data, we have the capacity and capability to then expand to other indications, which we have not yet decided, but certainly on track for that.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. Let me take that, Adam. So first, we're pleased with the continued rollout of Camzyos. To your question about REM-certified physicians, we actually saw about a 25% increase in HCPs who were REMS certified in the quarter. We're now at approximately 3,250. The vast majority of those are coming from our top-tier accounts. We continue to drive utilization in those top-tier accounts. And so remember, we were targeting roughly 500 accounts at launch. If you look at the highest volume of those 500 accounts, we have utilization now in excess of 90% in those accounts. We're continuing to add additional utilization in those accounts every week. And then in the quarter, we expanded the team the Eliquis cardiovascular team to begin targeting accounts beyond those initial 500. The purpose being to continue to not only expand utilization outside of those institutions, but also importantly, to increase referrals into those institutions, and we've seen a nice uptake in patients coming in for enrollment. In fact, we saw about a 50% increase in the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter. So as we step back and look at it, the rollout of Camzyos continues to perform well. We do anticipate that the majority of use will continue to be in those top-tier accounts, as you alluded to. We're seeing a nice uptake, and we'll continue to see uptake through the course of the year. And I would expect that Camzyos' growth profile will continue to accelerate as we get further into the year as well.
Christopher Boerner: Thanks for the question. I'll obviously take that. So first, let me just say, in terms of the transition, I'm absolutely thrilled with the opportunity. The past 8 years have been really the highlight of my career here at BMS, and I'm certainly looking forward to taking on the broader opportunity and continuing to work with the absolutely exceptional talent that we have at the company across all aspects of the company. With respect to the structure and how that's evolving. First, I think that if you look at BMS historically. We have always evolved how we're organized, where we place our resources, how we allocate those resources across channels to be aligned with, a, the portfolio we have and b, the environment that we're operating in. And I think that just at a macro level, that's how I would think about how we're going to continue to operate going forward. As Giovanni just alluded to in the previous question, there are obviously puts and takes in the industry. There's a lot to be excited about. There are also some headwinds. And so as we constantly are looking at the commercial model, we're staying focused on aligning that model to the world we live in. Clearly, digital is going to continue to play a much bigger role. We do believe that there will continue to be personal interactions required with key stakeholders. Health care is, by its nature, a personal interaction. The size and focus and orientation of those personal interactions will undoubtedly evolve and we're going to continue to stay ahead of all of those trends. As - with respect to immunology specifically, that's an incredibly exciting area for us. As you've alluded to, we have had a presence in that space with Orencia. We're very excited about both Zeposia and the launch with Sotyktu. And as we've talked about on this call, there's considerable opportunity to continue to grow that presence over time. That's required already for us to build additional capabilities in, for example, market access, which is a different dynamic in immunology versus oncology. I mean we're going to continue to make sure that we're allocating resources to ensure that, that particular portfolio is very successful commercially, both in the U.S. and ex U.S.
Christopher Boerner: Sure. I think Samit's covered most of it. But I would say that we've always thought about subcu as something that is mainly focused on pushing the science forward and being able to support the needs of our customers. And in that regard, we see subcu potentially playing an important role in those accounts where Chair time is at a premium. It could be particularly important in, for example, an adjuvant setting where physicians may not need to have a more involved conversation with patients when they come in and there's a desire to get patients in and out and back on with their lives over an extended period of time. And so that's where we see subcu playing a particularly important role. I know there's been a lot of questions around the impacts of this under IRA. I think it's still unclear and too early to talk about that. But the way we think about subcu is very much in how do we improve the profile of this modality for customers and for patients.
Christopher Boerner: Just from a commercial standpoint on COMMANDS and then we'll talk about the competitive dynamics you mentioned. I think it's important to recognize that, that COMMAND is a very important opportunity commercially, both in the U.S. and potentially outside of the U.S. It roughly doubles the size of the MDS opportunity. And as Samit just alluded to, it's important to keep in mind the significant unmet need in the space, chronic anemia and transfusion dependence for lower-risk MDS patients across the board is a significant challenge. There's a significant risk of death at roughly 50% greater compared to transfusion-independent patients. And while ESAs are the dominant first-line option for these patients, we need to remember that efficacy and duration of response is very limited. So we view this as a potentially very attractive commercial opportunity. As it relates to the competitive dynamics with Abecma, obviously, data in this space continues to evolve very quickly, both with respect to the CART 2 data and our own KarMMa-3 data. As we think about it, first and foremost, we need to see the data. We need to see the details of these data. But as we've consistently said, as the data progresses with CAR-Ts in hematology, we're seeing real patient benefit. And I think that's very exciting for patients. Across these products, we continue to see the importance of BCMA targeting. And most importantly, as we said from the very beginning, we see the room for multiple competitors to operate in this space, and that continues to be our view. It is, however, important to keep in mind that KarMMa-3 and [indiscernible] have two different patient populations. So it's difficult to compare these two studies. In KarMMa-3, we intended to design a study that reflects the patients that physicians see. We enrolled patients who are more difficult to treat. The vast majority of them are dara [ph] refractory. All of them are triple-class exposed. And so these are patients who you can think about being more third to fifth line patients. So I think it's going to be really critical that we see the full data set and then we take that data set into consideration with respect to how these products are performing in the real world. And what we consistently hear from customers is they want to see efficacy and safety that aligns in the real world to what they saw in the clinical studies, and they want to see manufacturing reliability, and we think those are all going to be important to keep an eye on as the full data sets get presented.
Christopher Boerner: And let me quickly take the capacity question. So first, as you look at cell therapy across the board, we are increasing capacity. We anticipate to continue to increase capacity this year as well as going into next year. That said, within the context of CAR-T, you have to say consistently focused on manufacturing. And remember, we have a threefold approach to how we're doing that. First, we're staying focused on manufacturing success rate. That's important on the liability point that I made previously. Second, and this is where the Illinois facility comes into play is we've got to increase vector supply. We have a dual sourcing strategy for that, both leveraging external partners as well as internalizing vector. And clearly, the acquisition of the Liberty Bill facility is important in that regard. And then finally, of course, is drug product. And there, we've made a number of investments, including facilities in Devens, Massachusetts and Enlighten in the Netherlands. As for when the vector facility in Illinois will be up and running, we need to take ownership of the facility first. And then we've got to complete all of the site onboarding and there's a fairly complex process in terms of tech transfer that's going to be required. So we anticipate it's going to take about 18 months from when we fully acquired the site, which would put that meaningfully contributing as we get into 2025.
Samit Hirawat: And thanks, Chris, and thanks, Seamus, for the question. On the Crohn's disease data set. So let me start, first of all, by saying as was already mentioned by you as well as by David, that Sotyktu continues to have a broad development program with the approval in psoriasis, ongoing Phase III study in psoriatic arthritis as well as SLE, which contributed to that $4 billion forecast that we've always talked about. On the Crohn's disease side, let's, first of all, remember that as a thick to mechanism of action perspective, currently, there is no proof of concept that is established for this pathway in IBD. As you remember in our Phase II ulcerative colitis trial, we did not see a signal at that time. And therefore, we had an ongoing study with a higher dose that we will look forward to see the data at the back end of this year. In Crohn's disease, we did not see a signal at this time. So we do not have a proof of concept. And therefore, we are not going to move forward. It has nothing to do with safety signal. It is as safe as we have always already published the data in many of the studies at this time. From the dose perspective, the doses tested in this particular study was 3 milligrams BID and 6 milligrams BID, more to come when we present the data in the future at a medical conference. But at the current time, we are looking forward to look at the data from UC higher dose trial to then have the totality of the data to make decisions on how we move forward.
Samit Hirawat: And then with respect to Eliquis, Andrew, I'll take that one. So as you know, we do anticipate that Eliquis will be impacted by government price setting. A couple of things just at a high level to keep in mind. First, the timing of that impact will run up against the timing of our LOE in the U.S. And second, of course, remember, we split the economics on Eliquis with Pfizer. That said, we do anticipate that Eliquis will be in the early wave of IRA price setting. With respect to the ability of rebates to address that, as you well know, these are very competitive markets. Within that context, we are always trying to establish a very strong access position with the least impact on the value of our medicines through rebating. And I think we have in our history on Eliquis shown discipline in that regard. As you would expect, we're going to continue to do this in the post IRA role just as we do today. At the same time, it's, at this point, difficult to speculate on exactly how this is going to play out while many of the details that will be necessary to describe that are still yet to be defined. But what I can commit to is that we're going to continue to negotiate commercial and Medicare rates and formulary position separately, we're going to be disciplined as we do so.
Samit Hirawat: So thanks, Terence, for the questions. For Reblozyl command, let's again look at Reblozyl COMMAND study was conducted in an all-comer patient population. So both RS-positive and RS-negative. Certainly, you'll see the data being presented at ASCO, and we can have a longer discussion at that time. But overall, the studies are not positive. We met the primary endpoint. We met the secondary end points as well. Very important to note that in general, the longevity of that transfusion independence is a very critical factor that one should observe during the presentation because that's what matters in the real world and to the patient, how long they can stay away from transfusion. So overall, we are actually quite excited about the data, and of course, regulatory interactions will continue.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Carter. Look, on the first question around the Hodgkin's lymphoma data, we are aware of the data, of course, as you know, that this was a cooperative group that conducted the study. So it is not sponsored by BMS. But as we look at the data and as they are supportive, we will certainly, as appropriate, engage the health authorities, but certainly very excited to see that the data has come out positive. That could be really beneficial for patients in the future. In terms of the next-generation TYK2 inhibitor, we are in the early stages. We've just initiated our program, a Phase I study and then looking into psoriasis right now. But as we evolve with the data, we have our deep expertise and deep knowledge of the TYK2 pathway as well as psoriasis. So we'll be able to contrast and compare and define the clinical development plan as we go to the future for additional indications. And look for differentiation as well. So more to come. But at this time, we are just beginning those steps.
Samit Hirawat: Yes. Just carrying on from there for the non-small cell lung cancer, look, it's not a bar we have set for success. But because it's a randomized Phase II study, the bar and the statistical programming is actually within the study comparing the combination of Opdualag with chemotherapy versus nivolumab plus chemotherapy, it gives us two elements. One is the contribution of relatlimab to Opdualag plus chemotherapy. And second, the differentiation and superiority if we can find one in PFS, and that's what we are trying to gather. And that data will then pave the way for initiation of our Phase III program. And in terms of other IO mechanisms and comparisons, I think you're alluding to some of the others, such as the TIGIT programs that are ongoing and those are yet to be proven. We are certainly looking forward to more and more data presentations. We have two of our programs already in that space as well. And as we generate the data and we look at the external data reading out towards their final stages, we'll be able to define and decipher where the application should be for which agent. And hopefully, as we see the data can define the future combinations as well with those agents.
Samit Hirawat: Thank you. So since I don't have an 8 ball, I'm enthused about everything. That's why we conduct the studies. Of course, LPA1 data presentation is coming up very soon. That data has given us the excitement and encouragement to be looking forward to initiation of the Phase III trials in IPF as well as in PPF. We've already talked about the Crohn's disease data that it did not have the proof of concept yet for TYK2 inhibition mechanism in IBD and looking forward to that readout, certainly later this year. We'll have - we are looking forward to the non-small cell lung cancer readout late this year, early next year for Opdualag and that will pave the way for the future. But we also have several other readouts. If you think about cell therapy, we might have the ability to look for the data in additional indications for Breyanzi as well, and that will be important. You will also see the data for CLL study being presented at ASCO, which is going to be important in addition to what we talked about for COMMAND as well. So those are all going to be critical, and we are looking forward to adding more and more in terms of our pipeline successes as we look to the future.
Samit Hirawat: Sure. Thank you, Olivia. For the first question on subcu, no, so let's clarify that. There are two subcu programs that we had for Opdivo. One was the syringe in vial, which is the one that we talked about before in renal cell cancer of the study that we're looking forward to the readout. The other program that we were initiating was the autoinjector program. And that is the one that we have discontinued. We didn't see more additional benefit of continuing that program at this time. So we will certainly have a readout of the subcu program in the Phase III in renal cell carcinoma. And as I said earlier, if the data are supportive and appropriate, then, of course, discussions with regulators will ensue for applying that to all other indications that Opdivo is used today as a single agent.
