Simon Moore: Thank you, Leanne [ph], and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products fourth quarter 2019 earnings results teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I am pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. After our comments, we will be pleased to take your questions.Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website at airproducts.com. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward looking statement disclosure that can be found in our earnings release and on slide number two. In addition, throughout today's discussion, we will refer to various financial measures. Unless, we specifically state otherwise, we are referring to adjusted non-GAAP measures, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin on both the company-wide and segment basis, and ROCE. Reconciliations can be found on our website in the relevant earnings release section. Now, I am pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.
Simon Moore: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide 23 for a review of our EMEA results. Our EMEA business overcame the challenging economic conditions in the region and continued to deliver strong results. Price increased 4% with improvement across all major products and sub-regions. This is the seventh consecutive quarter of year-on-year price improvement. Volume was up 5%, primarily driven by increased demand for hydrogen in our Rotterdam Pipeline System, and our previously announced CO2 business acquisition, while base merchant business volume remained stable.Sales were negatively impacted by 5% lower energy pass-through, 4% unfavorable currency, and 12% from the India contract change. EBITDA of $193 million was up 11%, and was up 16% on a constant currency basis, supported by the strong volume and pricing. EBITDA margin reached almost 40%, an improvement of over 800 basis points. The India contract change and lower energy pass-through contributed about 600 basis points.Now please turn to Slide 24, Global Gases, which includes our air separation unit, sale of equipment business as well as central industrial gas business costs. Our results declined due to lower project activity as we approach the successful conclusion of our Jazan ASU sale of equipment project.Please turn to Slide 25, Corporate segment, which includes LNG and other businesses as well as our corporate costs. Sales and profits were higher this quarter supported by contributions from the Golden Pass LNG project and lower corporate costs. Although the profit shown in this quarter is still modest, we expect the performance of this segment to improve. We remained optimistic about additional LNG orders since our technology has been selected for several major projects around the world that are awaiting final investment decisions or final agreements with our customers.Now I'm pleased turn the call back over to Seifi for a discussion of our outlook.
Simon Moore: Sure. It's a great question Mike. Thanks. I mean, obviously, as we said for few quarters now, we are excited about the LNG business, and we've announced one order and we believe there we're in good position for others. So that's been a key factor. But I'd also say that, certainly, the corporate sector there were a couple of kind of one-time items. So that's a profit recognition on a sale of equipment is lumpy. So there might be a little bit lumpy going forward, but certainly over the next couple of years, we expect nice improvements in the LNG business.
Scott Crocco: Thank you very much Seifi. Now please turn to Slide 14 for our full year results. We delivered another strong year of underlying sales growth and very strong profit growth despite modest economic activity around the world. Sales of almost $9 billion were flat versus last year, as 2% volume growth and 3% price were offset by non operational factors. Specifically, weaker foreign currencies, primarily the Chinese RMB, euro and British pound lowered sales by 3%, and the India contract modification, which had no profit impact, reduced sales by another 2% compared to prior year. The volume growth was primarily driven by new plants, particularly, Lu'An, and supported by positive base volume.Sales from the very successful Jazan sales equipment project were lower as the project nears completion. This negatively impacted volumes by 2%. We saw price improvement in all three regions and across major product lines. Strong price and volume led to another year of double-digit profit growth despite currency headwinds. EBITDA improved 11% to nearly $3.5 billion. EBITDA margin of 38.9% was up 400 basis points, primarily due to the better price and volume. The India contract modification contributed 80 basis points. Record earnings per share of $8.21, was up 10% versus prior year. Our FY '19 CapEx of $2.1 billion was lower than we had forecasted on project and M&A timing, and ROCE improved 70 basis points to 13.1%.Now please turn to Slide 15. Our full year EPS from continuing operations of $8.21 increased by $0.76 per share, driven by our strong operating performance. Price, volume and costs combined contributed over $1 per share, and excluding the impact of negative currency, EPS in total was up nearly $1 or 13% compared to prior year, a slightly higher tax rate of 19.4% reduced EPS by $0.09, and other items together added $0.01. This includes higher non-controlling interest, primarily due to the Lu'An project. We expect an effective tax rate of 20% to 21% in fiscal year 2020Now please turn to Slide 16. We continue to generate strong cash flow. For the full fiscal year 2019, we generated almost $2.7 billion or over $12 per share of distributable cash flow. This is an increase of almost 20% or close to $2 per share from 2018. From this distributable cash flow, we paid almost 40% or $1 billion as dividends to our shareholders and still have nearly $1.7 billion available for high-return industrial gas investments. This strong cash flow enables us to continue to create shareholder value through increasing dividends and capital deployment.Slide #17 provides an update on our capital deployment progress. As you can see, we now show almost $18 billion of investment capacity available over the five-year period from FY 2018 through FY 2022. As expected, our total capacity continues to grow as we increased EBITDA. The almost $18 billion includes about $9.5 billion of additional debt capacity available today, $5 billion of investable cash flow between now and the end of FY '22, and over $3 billion already spent. We will continue to focus on managing our debt balance to maintain our current targeted AA2 rating. Today we have a total of about $7.6 billion of project and M&A commitments with about $6.6 billion remaining to spend on them. So you can see we've already spent 18% and already committed well over half of our total available capacity.Now please turn to Slide 18 for a few comments on our fourth quarter results. Sales of $2.3 billion were roughly flat as 8% volume and price growth was offset by lower energy pass-through, the India contract modification and negative currency impact. Volume added 5% due to new plants, base growth, acquisitions and a short-term contract in Asia. Lower Jazan sales equipment activity reduced sales by 2%. Price was up 3% with strong performance in all three regions, continuing the positive trend from prior quarters. Although unfavorable currency persisted, EBITDA of almost $1 billion improved 16%, and EPS of $2.27, was up 14%. EBITDA margin of almost 42% is up over 600 basis points, primarily driven by a higher price and the strong volumes. Lower energy pass-through and the India contract modification contributed about 200 basis points. Sequentially, EBITDA increased 7%, as all segments improved, particularly Asia, driven by strong volume performance.Please turn to Slide 19. Our fourth quarter EPS of $2.27 was up 14%, or $0.27 per share. Volume, price and costs together contributed almost $0.40, extending the strong operating performance from prior quarters. Currency and foreign exchange was $0.03 unfavorable, primarily due to the Chinese RMB, the euro and the British Pound. Our effective tax rate of 20.2% was 260 basis points higher than last year's lower than typical rate, which reduced EPS by $0.08. Non-controlling interest, primarily due to Lu'An, reduced EPS by $0.04.Now, to begin the review of our business segment results, I'll turn the call back over to Seifi.
Scott Crocco: I would say, Vincent, just in general, that's going to continue to go up as we deploy the capital, recognizing and it’s also going to move around for things like currency as we translated back in the U.S. dollars. We don't give the guidance, but generally speaking as we deploy more capital, we would expect G&A to go up.
Scott Crocco: Yeah, Don, if I could -- I think absolutely, over the long run, as Seifi said and in reality, we are increasing our onsite business. Just remember one new launch for '19 will be because we change the India contract that will reduce that revenue, but that doesn't really change the fundamental concept of our onsite business is increasing.
Scott Crocco: Yeah, and, obviously, Seifi's comments are really referring to the overall project that [indiscernible] is doing. This isn't an issue where the customers proceeding and we have some problem in our project, that's not the situation.
Scott Crocco: How but just want to clearly, Laurence, with your question regarding CO2, and the tax situation on it.
Scott Crocco: Well, I guess, maybe I think – Laurence, I think, one thing that Seifi talked about was he talked about a number of local state or provincial programs in various places around the world that also are very supportive of CO2 capture projects. So I think the reality is there's a lot of different situations that we’ll have to see play out, but as Seifi said, we're very excited about this.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Simon. Please turn to Slide #26. As you all know, we continue to live in an uncertain world that we at Air Products cannot control. But we do have control over the actions Air Products can take to succeed in dynamic and changing world. We have a strong, capable and flexible organization that remains focused on productivity and creating our own growth opportunities, which will allow us to continue to deliver on our promises to our investors. Consistent with our goal to achieve an average annual growth rate of at least 10%, we are extremely pleased to provide EPS guidance for fiscal year 2020 of $9.35 to $9.60, up 14% or 17% over our strong fiscal year 2019 performance. This includes our expected contribution from the Jazan project. We expect our fiscal year 2020 capital expenditure to be in the range of $4 billion to $4.5 billion, which includes the expected spending for the Jazan project. For quarter one of fiscal year 2020, our earnings per share guidance is $2.05 to $2.10, up 10% to 15% over last year.Now please turn to Slide #27. At midpoint, our fiscal year 2020 guidance represents six consecutive years of double digit earnings growth and 14% average cumulative earnings growth per share over this six years timeframe. Thanks to the great team of Air Products, we continue to deliver on our commitments to our shareholders 5.5 years ago that we would grow Air Products EPS at least 10% a year. Our team in underworld continues to be very optimistic about the future of Air Products. Our five-point strategic plan will differentiate us and drive our success going forward. Our safety, productivity and operating performance provide the foundation for our continued growth. We have the financial capacity, the technical position, and knowhow and the challenge and people to take full advantage of the very exciting opportunities ahead of us.And finally, please turn to Slide #28. As always our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate our strong performance. I want to thank all our 16,000 people around the world for their commitment and hard work and for embracing the opportunities in front of us with energy and a spirit of working together. I am certainly proud to be part of this winning team.Now, we are delighted to answer your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: I would not characterize that as a slowing down of the price increases. In the fourth quarter, in China, there was a very interesting dynamic because a lot of the industries around Beijing, they’re ordered to be shutdown so that there will be clean air for their celebrations on October 1st. Obviously, if that happens, demand goes down and the leverage on pricing goes down. I think that once we get back to normal, which is where we are, that trend will continue.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, Jeff, that's a very interesting question, because it, obviously, everything depends on the level of activity and then the economic activity, supply demand and all of that. What I can tell you is that in the guidance that we have given you.
Seifi Ghasemi: We have assumed modest price increases, not significant price increases. So we have been conservative on pricing.
Seifi Ghasemi: Chris, thanks for the question. We have always said at Air Products we are focused on energy, which is gasification, huge amount of opportunity there and it is gasification of coal, petcoke, vacuum resid and all of that and you see examples of that. But when you are doing gasification, the CO2 is captured ready. So there is significant opportunity to capture that CO2, and try to really get to a totally clean coal gasification, where you gasify the stuff, you capture the CO2, and therefore, you don't put anything into the atmosphere that. We have the technologies to capture this and use it for and enhance old recovery. We are already doing this in Texas at Port Arthur. We do have technologies to capture this and do sequestration that means injected into the ground, and we have developed technologies and we are enhancing on that and we have done a lot of good work on trying to capture the CO2, and do what is called dry reforming, which means recycle it back and break it back into CO and hydrogen. So these are the projects that we have. Some of these projects are longer-term projects, Chris. They are not going make us an EPS in 2020 or 2021, but definitely they are the future. I believe very strongly that the future is about carbon capture and hydrogen for mobility and gasification. The amount of opportunities that we see, it’s significant, it’s even more than what I talked last quarter or even the quarter before. The whole world is focused on this. We, by buying the Shell and GE technology, are in a totally unique position to provide the gasification technology. We already do have their hydrogen for mobility, and we are the world leader on that as we are developing their carbon capture. So all these put together is going to transform Air Products into a company that is the solving environmental, the urgent environmental issues of the world, and we will be properly rewarded for that. And I think people will be excited about it when we get to '23, '24, '25, when we will be doing a lot of these projects. But we need to start and we are starting right now. And as I said, I can’t point to the fact that we are doing this project and it’s going to give you this much EPS in 2021, but believe me, these things will catch up in time. But the same day that we have started the gasification, five years ago, and now after five years, I have a Jazan project to present you. We are starting on these things, and in time, we will be able to present very exciting projects for our investors.
Seifi Ghasemi: Our organic volume growth is nothing to rise home about because the economies in the world are not performing, P.J. I mean we had in the United States of America, everybody is excited and looks at the stock market, and, yeah, it looks pretty good, but the real economy is going nowhere. Industrial production is down. That is what drives our business, same thing in Europe. And then in China, year-over-year -- they are growing at 6.5%, but year-over-year they are not growing. So if you look at our base business, there is no growth. That is why we have tried to transform the company into generating our own growth. If we hadn't done that, we would not be in a position today to sit down and give you a forecast for next year of 17% EPS growth. We would have been swapped and our costs would have gone out and probably would have been negative. That is the issue that most people have. The fact -- so our underlying volumes definitely reflect the state of the economy, which means, relatively it’s going nowhere, no growth in the U.S., no growth in Europe, and China is flat although that is 6.5% growth, but it is flat. So you're absolutely right, our base business is not going anywhere. And if you get dependent on that, we would be in a sad shape right now.
Seifi Ghasemi: P.J., by buying air separation unit as part of the whole thing, it will significantly enhance our return, because the return on the air separation unit by itself was less than including it as part of the new acquisition. So we actually did something to enhance our returns on that. In terms of the model, yes, we definitely wherever we are supplying oxygen to a gasifier, we are interested in buying the gasifiers. That is our business model and there are plenty of opportunities for doing that and in time we will appropriately announce projects in that regard.
Seifi Ghasemi: P.J., the power plant is something unique in Jazan. They usually wouldn't want to be buying power plants. But in Jazan, the only day that Saudi Aramco would agree to part with their assets was that if they had one person to go to, in case they struggle, they didn't want to separate it that we would buy the gasifiers and somebody else would buy them. So that is why the combined forces and we bought the whole thing, but that is not a business model that we want to do around the word. They definitely want to stay with the gasifiers. But there might be unique situations where they have to do that, but we do what is best for in terms of return, and what's best for the shareholders.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, we obviously don't give that detail because then people figure out productivity of all of our projects. But considering what I was saying with respect to P.J’s question that the world is not going anywhere in terms of economic growth, then you can almost think that any kind of a growth that we get next year is related to pricing and new projects, because a very basic business, and then we have to work hard in productivity to pay for the cost increases.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yeah, merchant pricing was up in the Americas by approximately 8%, in Europe by about 7%, and in Asia by about 7%, for a total of about 7%.
Seifi Ghasemi: Coal gasification project pipeline is actually looking scarily. There are more opportunities that we can quote honestly, possibly keep up with it. But in terms of giving you a breakdown of the $6 billion or $7 billion or $8 billion or $10 billion that we still have to spend, John, it will be difficult because it depends on which projects come first on all of that. But I definitely can see us significant additional investments in Saudi. I hope significant investments in U.S. because we really do want to invest in the U.S. and we are pursuing some opportunities there. And obviously, opportunities in China, opportunities in Indonesia, and probably significant opportunities in India, because India has finally broken up to the fact that, hey, we should do what the Chinese are doing. Use the coal to gasify and then get ourselves independent of own. So there is going to be – it’s difficult for me to give you an exact breakdown, but it is going to be in areas like Saudi Arabia, India, Indonesia, China, and hopefully the U.S.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the civilian unrest has started after we closed the fiscal year, so that has had, unfortunately, that will have a negative effect in the first quarter, but it's just a general slowdown, Vincent. Things are not that exciting in that part of the world.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, we do have the IP, and I think that that opportunity is going to be significant because that is one of the reasons that we want to build the pipeline in such a way that you can do a lot of gases -- equivalent of gases stations and connect them to the pipeline, and basically create a hydrogen corridor in that sort of the world and get people excited about driving hydrogen cars. The Saudi Government is very supportive of this. They want to see this happen. And you're right, there are going to be a lot of opportunities. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of numbers and so on, but is – we certainly are in the right path in developing this opportunity in that part of the world, and quite honestly, in other parts of the world.
Seifi Ghasemi: I'd just like to make sure that I explained. We don't see any issues with raising the debt. I said it's an issue of how much time it's going to take. It is one thing you go to the market and you raise the debt, and you get the commitment of the banks. But then after that, you have to come up with a significant amount of documentation in order to get to a closing, and that is going to take time, and obviously you're not going to get any fees until after they have actually legally closed. That's what I was mentioned. But in terms of actually raising the money, I think that the demand is there and the banks are very optimistic that we will get very attractive interest rates.
Seifi Ghasemi: The first jump that you saw was obviously all of the productivity and the $400 million, $500 million of costs that we took out of the system, so that happened. And then, obviously, it was constant because these are working on the growth projects. And now, what is happening is that all of these things we were talking about are actually coming to fruition, we had Lu'An running, we're going to have Jazan running, we have a lot of other projects running and those projects that we have now signed up are actually pretty profitable projects. And that is now reflecting on the results. So we jumped because we had the productivity, we were focused on that, then it took us upon to get the growth opportunities lined up, and now we are seeing the benefit of that. Now whether our EBITDA margins for the long-term are at around 38% or 39% or 40% or 41%, depends on the projects, but I think, I feel pretty good that they will stay in the high 30s, and rather than being 32% or 33%, they will be 38%, 39%, 40%.
Seifi Ghasemi: They're better. And I mean, I say I'm not going to give any detailed numbers, because obviously our customers don't want us to do that. But, at the same time, we are giving you the guidance that, look, we have always told you that for every dollars of cash, we get you that we put out to get some percent operating profit. So it's not too difficult to activity figure out, and we’re saying this is better than that. So you can get to a pretty good estimate about what this thing will do for us.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, my goal is in time for that to get to 70%, 75% of our sales. But right now, obviously, once Jazan comes on the stream, it will be better than where we are, and all of these other projects. So our goal is to significantly increase our onsite business because that brings a lot more stability in terms of our earnings.
Seifi Ghasemi: Significant. We have always said that this and it goes -- everything refinery in the world has to face this situation because there is – what do the refineries do. If there is a new refinery, they obviously have to figure out what did they do for their bottom of the barrel. We eager not to gasify and then some people said that it is [indiscernible] most of the refineries have a [indiscernible]. But the [indiscernible] produces 6.5% sulfur coke, which right now is being banned in India. China is turning the ships away because they say this is not the product, this is the waste. So every single refinery in the world in time has to figure out what the hell they're going to do with their 6.5% petcoke. And the only viable solution for that is to gasify. That is why we were so excited about making sure we buy the GE technology because that is very much about that. I don't think that five years from any refinery will be able to sell their petcoke. They just won't be able to do that, and therefore, they have to gasify. So I think the opportunity is significant. And we are quite honestly seeing that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that our maintenance CapEx, as Scott already disclosed that, it's about $400 million. And then with the Jazan, I don't want to disclose the details of what we expect, but the total cash outlay is $2.5 billion, and probably a significant part of it will happen in 2020 depending on when we actually close the transaction. And then the rest of it is our growth CapEx, which is pretty robust. Our fundamental -- if you exclude Jazan, our expenditure on other projects, is actually pretty good and we are very optimistic about that. It's around more than – yeah, it's around $2.5 billion. Yeah.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, M&A pipeline in terms of us actually buying another industrial gas company around the world, I don't see a lot of debt. But Jazan $12 billion is really an M&A. I mean we are buying these existing assets, so it depends how you want to categorize that. But in terms of buying other industrial gas companies, I don't see much of an opportunity, mainly because of anti-trusting.
Seifi Ghasemi: It's because that – okay, we plan to do a lot more with ACWA Qudra, so called what we call APQ. Then just the Jazan project. Qudra Energy is part of Aqua Power and people who own that. We have had a very successful joint venture with them. The people are very competent. And we plan to do a lot -- the reason that we have formed that entity is to do a lot more than just Jazan. They are going to be involved before I’ve talked about the Jazan, the hydrogen pipeline that we're going to build, and other projects in Saudi Arabia, and quite honestly other projects in the Middle East. So the rationale for that is a lot bigger than just for Jazan. Therefore, since we have that kind of a relationship with them, we wanted them to be a little bit part of Jazan project to get things started.
Seifi Ghasemi: On that front, these things are happening the way they are happening is, obviously, as you know there is a federal program that for every ton of CO2 that you capture, you can get up to $45 -- $45 or something like that. But then, take a look at what California is doing which I think is going to be the trend worldwide. And that is that, right now, in California, if you capture a ton of CO2, and you can see sequestrate and demonstrate that it wouldn’t leach for 100 years; you get $200 a ton bonus. So we think that the trend will be that difference states will do the same thing, and we are seeing that the same kind of thing is happening in terms of incentives by other governments. We are right now involved in a project for sequestrating CO2 in Europe, actually in the port rather than building your pipeline in order to put the CO2 there and sequestrate. So all of these things are going to be driven, we think, by a pretty substantially incentives from the different governments in order to encourage carbon capture, which is obviously a big issue global.
Seifi Ghasemi: That's exactly what we are trying to do. That is an opportunity. I don't know in how many of them will be succeed, but that is exactly what you're trying to do.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, if that materializes, obviously, it will be, but these refineries are on a cycle that they have to do their shutdown, and some of them will take a shutdown before years and all of that. This is something which is very difficult to predict in terms of how it works out. Obviously, in our plan, we have allowed for some shutdowns, if they don't happen that will be an upside. But I fully expect them to happen and the shutdowns are pretty big deals and the refineries have to do that, otherwise, they take a risk in operation, which they would – that would have unplanned shutdown, which is not good for anybody.
Seifi Ghasemi: It is the same thing that we have said before. There are a lot of issues about the so called coal allocation in terms of allocating coal to this project, which we would like to see it done. And as a result, we want to be up upfront the investors about the fact that we announced the memorandum of understanding about something that we thought was going to happen because it was signed with a lot of fanfare and in front of two Presidents and all of that. But there is internal struggle about getting coal allocated to this project. So we pushed it a year, but we are going to give you an update every quarter about this thing, but obviously we are not too excited about the development, as I'm sure, you're not.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, it’s just small, because they have just started. So we don't give that kind of detail, but it was not significant. It will be better next year, but it was not significant for the quarter.
Seifi Ghasemi: Let me answer the second question. Merchant gas will never become non-core. That is an integral part of our business. And no matter how many opportunities there are, we are still focused on that, and that business is growing in China and all of that. So the merchant business locks in all I mean, helium, liquid hydrogen, they are all -- that would always be a core part of our products. But on your first part of the question, I'd like to turn it over to Scott to answer.
Seifi Ghasemi: It's very difficult to predict what will happen without the legislations and so on. But there are a lot of programs, which are in place, and I think that will continue to be the case as we move forward.Okay. I think that was the last question. And with that, I would like to thank everyone for being on our call. Thanks for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We obviously appreciate your interest in Air Products, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day, and Happy Thanksgiving and Merry Christmas. And let's all see you in January, and some of you maybe even sooner. All the best. Thank you.
