Paul E. Huck: Thanks, Simon. Please turn to Slide 13. Now let me give you a brief summary of our outlook. We saw the second half 2012 slower than the first half in most regions. Given this lack of momentum, we expect that economic growth will be modest at best in 2013. Globally, for the regions we operate in, we are forecasting manufacturing growth of 2% to 4%. While U.S. manufacturing has been a relative bright spot, we have seen growth slow as consumer confidence remains low, job creation disappoints and concern continues regarding the potential fiscal cliff at the end of the calendar year. European problems remain, and we do not expect meaningful growth anytime soon. In Asia, we have not seen the impact of Chinese stimulus actions, and the rest of developing Asia continues to experience below-trend growth as exports to Europe and the U.S. are slow. And we expect 2% to 4% growth in South America. We are hopeful that electronics growth will begin to rebound in 2013 from a weak 2012. Overall, for the year, we expect square inches of silicon processed to be up 4% to 6% next year. On the positive side, our project development and contract signings continue to be very strong. A number of these orders are in China for the gasification of coal. These projects are driven by the government's goal of developing domestic sources of energy and feedstocks, utilizing their vast coal reserves. We expect 2013 capital expenditures to be $2 billion to $2.2 billion. This is comparable to the $2.1 billion spent in 2012, excluding the $700 million for Indura. Our project backlog has increased again to about $3 billion, securing future profitable growth. We are beginning to see some slowing in a few of our customers' projects as they reflect the growing economic uncertainty. You can see an updated list of our major projects in appendix, Slide #17, and a geographic and business segment capital expenditures split in Slide #19. To help you with historical comparisons, Slide #20 in the appendix shows non-GAAP capital expenditures, which includes capital lease expenditures. This is on the same basis as our $2 billion to $2.2 billion guidance for 2013. Based on this, our initial earnings per share guidance range is $5.65 to $5.85 per share for 2013. While economic outcomes could vary, we are prepared to execute our business plans and adapt to whatever economic environment emerges. Walking from our 2012 earnings per share of $5.40, we have the following factors: New plant onstreams in 2012 and 2013 should add about $0.25 to $0.30. These are projects that are either onstream now or will be onstream soon and are backed by contractual commitments to buy. This number is slightly below our previous expectations as we have seen some customer-related delays in new project onstreams. Loading existing assets should add $0.10 to $0.20 to EPS. This is the factor most influenced by the economy. Indura, net of interest expense, should add about $0.10 versus last year, with the polyurethane intermediates business divestiture reducing earnings per share by about $0.05. In Equipment and Energy, we expect operating results will be higher due to more LNG activity. This is a $0.05 tailwind. Our cost reduction in Europe should add about $0.15 a share, somewhat offsetting the positives. Pension expense will be about a $0.20 headwind due to the drop in interest rates from September 2011 to September 2012. We expect currency and taxes to be a headwind. And given our continued strong capital spending, we would expect interest expense and shares outstanding to both increase modestly. Overall, about a $0.10 to $0.15 headwind. Now let's turn to our first quarter outlook on Slide 14. Our guidance for quarter 1 is for earnings per share of $1.26 to $1.31 based on the following factors: On the positive side, we expect to see increased earnings sequentially from new plant onstreams. Further, progress on our cost initiatives will continue and the Indura acquisition transaction costs in quarter 4 won't repeat. Offsetting this sequential improvement, in Electronics and Performance Materials, we expect lower seasonal demand and lower equipment sales. In Tonnage Gases, profits are expected to decline due to seasonally higher maintenance spending and lower volumes as refineries begin taking their annual outages. We will see lower Equipment and Energy profits in the first quarter based on project timing, although we do expect a rebound through the rest of the year and higher pension expense, as previously mentioned. Now let me call -- now let me turn the call back over to John to wrap up.
Paul E. Huck: So P.J., if we take a look at that, one of the key aspects here, which has been holding out on margins, has been our loading. And so as we've talked about that, we think that, that's an important aspect of bringing us back here. So the loading in the U.S., the loading in China, principally, given the load factors that we're at -- and that's going to be one of the things which boost it. In Europe, it is going to be the price reduction -- it is going to be the reduction in cost, which we need to put in. The bulk of that -- of this $60 million in savings will flow through Europe. And plus some pickup in the economy, eventually in Europe, will help loading, particularly in the packaged gas area where we have seen continued declines and things like the holdings of people holding the amount of cylinders, has declined in Europe steadily for the past 3 or 4 years. If we start the -- if that starts to pick up, people will start to hold more of those. The rental aspect, that flows directly back to our bottom line. So it's going to take some form of an economic pickup for us to see those things happen.
Paul E. Huck: And the places in which we've seen that, P.J., have principally been in hydrogen within the U.S. We've seen project delays in the Electronics business. We have not seen any significant delays in China on the gasification projects that are underway right now.
Paul E. Huck: Sure. If you take a look at PV, PV between Electronics and the Merchant area is about 5% -- is about $50 million in each, or about $100 million in total. In the electronics area, that's where we sell the xylene, that's where we sell -- that's where we serve the bulk of the Gen2 customers, which this charge is more related to [indiscernible]. So it's about -- a little under 5% of our cyclical [ph] sales and electronic stuff we sell into their -- into that area. In Merchant, we principally serve the people who make the polycrystalline solar, and that's where we sell them LIN and argon for those things.
Paul E. Huck: And Duffy, just to close, on the growth aspect of this, the growth has been very slow in this past year for that, because of the people backing off on the purchase of these things and the stimulus actions retreating.
Paul E. Huck: Yes -- and those things are related to Indura first, as we've brought Indura on, Jeff, for things. There's a lot of changes in the balance sheet. Indura is a big -- was a big purchase. And remember, we bring on 100%. So even -- so I bring on $900 million -- we bring on, on the total balance sheet, probably about $1.3 billion or so when you look at that, from assets and liabilities associated with that.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. And so a thing which is getting -- which confuses this whole factor is that we had some tax adjustments, which also flow and went through that line there, which are -- there's things contained in the tax rate, and they offset in the minority interest line, which go around Indura for those things, too. But you're right, it will be larger in the future.
Paul E. Huck: Yes, Don. And Don, think one thing here is we're going to have an Investor Day in November here in Houston. At that Investor Day, both John and I will address the path better here. It's kind of tight on the call today, and you asked a good question. It deserves a good answer from those things. But within the time constraints of today's call, it's hard for us to do. But at the Investor Day, we're going to talk some more about that and lay that out better as far as the path forward for us.
Paul E. Huck: Yes, Mike. And so as far as the plant in Wyoming, understand that our plant is -- and can come online at any time. It has been ready for almost a year now. We are waiting for our crude supplier to be -- to bring his plant online. We now expect that to happen late in our fiscal 2013. We do not control that aspect of things. However, there are other things which we are attempting to do, and we continue to explore them to get better supply of helium to us, and that's going out and exploring some other places in which we can -- and access some helium for us in the future. And so we -- it is our -- it is in our forecast that our crude supply will start to pick up around quarter 2 of this year and get some improvements in that. And then quarter 3, quarter 4, perhaps seeing the plant in Wyoming come onstream in quarter 4 for us. But obviously, very important, we are doing everything we can, and including taking some actions long term -- on the longer term, because we think the growth rate of helium is going to be -- continue to be very strong.
Paul E. Huck: If you look at this, on earnings growth, I think the other thing which goes in there is the projects which we're bringing onstream are also part of that end market, for things. And so if we look at where the bulk of the growth is in industrial gases as forecasted to happen, a lot of it does get around the on-site contracts. So our new projects are going to be a larger contributor to growth than a loading is going to be to them in the near term for us right now. The loading aspect of growth, I think, comes from people starting to expand their manufacturing capabilities in, still, in places like China, in places like the U.S., for us to get that load in there. And that's been very slow. Our indications in China from a manufacturing standpoint, if we look at rail freight, if we look at electricity demand, over the past few months, it has been close to 0, Bob.
Paul E. Huck: Yes, Dave. I think another thing to point out is, and I've talked about this before, is I think capital expenditure is a much better way to look at this than -- and then to look at backlog. If you look at our underlying capital expenditures this year, take out the stuff with Indura, about $2.1 billion. For next year, we're seeing it's $2 billion to $2.2 billion, so that's about flat for us going forward here, which kind of reflects a little slowing of growth here.
Paul E. Huck: The business was about a breakeven in Electronics last year. On the Merchant side, we actually make money. We make money there.
Paul E. Huck: Yes, Kevin. I don't think, really, our view of the business has changed at all with this. At that point in time, really a couple of years before that, we made the decision not to take the business overseas where a lot of this production is going. So we started playing an endgame strategy around it. We've put this into that segment because of the way the contracts are run in their long-term contracts. And so it fit the business model for us on those things. Now we are playing these contracts out, and so we had a chance to shut the plant down, which is trying to derisk the business further from them and make sure our customers still have their supply. And we will continue to have a profit contribution and a sales contribution from this business. But those contracts will eventually run out, and this business will go away for us.
Paul E. Huck: It's going to be accretive in quarter 1. So as we said, $0.10 a share. We're going to see accretion in quarter 1 from Indura for us. As far as our -- acquiring the other portion of this, it's held by an individual who we bought -- in the family who we bought the original, the portion which we own from. And they have a put option to us, which they can exercise anywhere from the end of the third year to the end of the fifth year.
Paul E. Huck: Yes, I think -- Mike, I think you're right. I think quarter one and quarter 2 are going to be slower, and we're going to see upticks in quarter 3 and quarter 4. I know we said that in last year, also with those things, but we never saw the rebound in consumer electronics. We haven't seen a rebound in PCs for those things. And at some point in time, when I think the consumer starts to feel better and we get some more discretionary spending -- and in some time, on the PPC market, businesses are going to start pulling that forward also as they move -- as they see more reason to invest on things. So I do think it's a second half thing where we're going to see stronger growth in half 2 than in half 1.
John E. McGlade: Thanks, Paul. While we are pleased with the expected long-term positive impact of the portfolio actions we completed this year, we were disappointed with our overall performance during 2012. In June of 2011, we shared our 2015 goals of $15 billion in revenue, 20% operating margin and a 15% return on capital employed. Since then, the global economy has only delivered about half of the approximate 5% manufacturing growth that underpinned our expectations. This had a significant impact on our recent performance, particularly on merchant asset loading. Further, while we have improved productivity, it is not at the level we need it to be. We remain focused on attaining the operating margin goal of 20% and the return on capital employed goal of 15%. However, based on the continued slow economy, we don't expect to be able to reach our goals in 2015. Given the lack of economic clarity, we are not in a position to predict exactly when we will reach these goals at this time. Now let me talk about some of our near-term actions as we drive improvement towards these margin and return goals. We need to be more successful in driving volume growth in our merchant businesses, utilizing the investment in place to leverage margin improvement. Our focus in Europe remains on implementing our cost reduction plan as quickly as possible, ensuring we get to the $60 million per year of benefit, early in 2013. We've also recently brought onstream a new pricing analysis tool that should help us better target our pricing actions and improve both margins and returns in our Merchant and Electronics and Performance Materials segments. In Tonnage, we have brought onstream and are executing a large number of new plants. We have to execute these projects on time and on budget and improve our plant efficiencies to drive further return improvement. The Electronics and Performance Materials businesses have seen significant improvement over the past few years. We need to continue to drive margin improvement and growth in these businesses through new products and focusing on our major customers. We have won a number of new LNG orders this year. We expect the global interest in LNG to lead to an expanded project list over the next few years so we are adding additional manufacturing capacity in Florida. Finally, 2012 margin and returns were helped by productivity and cost reductions. We must continue to lower our fixed costs, improve our operating efficiencies and leverage our fixed cost base as volumes expand. While our 2012 results are disappointing, and 2013 remains uncertain from an economic growth standpoint, we are focused on the key actions we can control to deliver our margin and return goals. As we end today's call, again, I would like to thank Paul for his 33 years of service to Air Products and especially these past 8 years as our Chief Financial Officer. I'd also like to extend my congratulations to Scott Crocco. Scott and Paul will both be on our next quarterly earnings call at the end of January. Thank you. And I'll now turn the call over to Leah to take your questions.
John E. McGlade: Yes. I think -- Duffy, this is John. I think what you got to look at is certainly, at a macro level, the economy is growing a lot slower than we anticipated. But more broadly, if you look at the on-site -- and most of our capital's going into our Tonnage business, which I really believe secures our long-term future growth and cash flows and, in turn, profitability, and most of that's going into either oxygen for gasification, largely in China and, up until very recently, hydrogen projects, again, largely in North America or the United States. And as we have for many, many years, we've been very clear about communicating sort of our priorities for the use of cash, which is really to reinvest in the businesses that fit and opportunities that fit our strategy. If you look at the total CapEx, something like 80%, 85% of the growth CapEx in these last couple of years has been in our Tonnage or on-site business model-type of investments.
John E. McGlade: The only -- I'd just like to add the point, if I may, that we're not proud about this decision. It was a terrible decision and a terrible assessment of the market opportunity at a different point in time when the world looked a lot different, and we recognize the impact that this has to our shareholders. I do think, however, from the standpoint of the business, acknowledging this, putting this behind us, I think you'll begin to see the benefits that we've been able to put into the improvement of the overall Electronics business going forward. Certainly, we understand the severity of this, and there will be accountability associated with it.
John E. McGlade: Don, this is John. As I said earlier during my part of the call, we're not going to set out an interim set of goals until we have better economic clarity. Having said that, we are absolutely focused on driving improvement here. I think you have a fair question on are we not focusing on our existing business. And from my perspective, I think we are. Some of the operating issues that we had in the core businesses in Merchant and Tonnage, I believe we have our arms around. I believe we've put in the right management structures globally in these businesses. But as Paul correctly pointed out, particularly on the Merchant segment, we really need to have some economic tailwind to really be able to get the leverage out of the existing asset base that we have. If I just took, and Paul made these comments, if I just took a look at Europe in particular, in some cases, in the Packaged Gases businesses, we continue to go down after several years of slow or negative growth, or negative growth in southern Europe. And now we're seeing more of the core of Europe, if you will, also starting to slow.
John E. McGlade: Don, we've talked about certainly Performance Materials over the years. That business has been performing extremely well. We've restructured it. It gives us a really good insight to specific markets, and it really allows us to leverage some of their capabilities broadly across both their business and the Electronics Specialty Materials businesses. And quite frankly, their value-added approach to the market, in terms of extracting value based on the value that we bring to that customer base, is something I'd like to see more of more broadly across our portfolio.
John E. McGlade: Yes. I think, in fairness, in this business, you're constantly balancing volume with pricing and margin expansion. And so we do take a very, very customer-specific view, along with the assets that we have in a particular region and make those judgments real time each and every time. Yes, we're seeing more competitive activity there, but that isn't the lion's share of the lost business. We also are seeing some of our customers go out of business in general. Having said that, if I step up a level and talk more broadly, we have increased our new business signings significantly year-on-year, and we're getting that volume starting to come into the P&L. As we've told you over about the last year, there is typically a 3-, 4-quarter lag from when you sign business till it begins to show up in the P&L. And we've continued to redouble our efforts in terms of putting more feet on the ground and signing new businesses -- or signing on new business. And the point I was trying to make a moment ago is we have seen, year-on-year, substantial year-on-year increases in the amount of business that we've signed.
John E. McGlade: Yes, I think that's a fair statement, and I think we've started to see that. I mean, it's masked, quite honestly, by some of these other issues that we've been talking about, including the argon and the helium shortfalls, and frankly, the contract modification that we addressed in the prior-year comparisons. But we are beginning to see that business come on. The other point I was making is the amount of new business we were able to sign throughout this entire fiscal year '12 was greater than our original budget and at a good trajectory from my perspective.
John E. McGlade: Okay, Laurence. Let me give a couple of thoughts, and then I'll turn it over to Paul to give you more specifics. My comments, Paul's comments are we're seeing progress in productivity. It's getting masked somewhat by the shortfalls in volume, but we also are very clear, both internally and I thought I was in my comments, that we need to do more there and that we are kicking up the resources broadly to continue to deploy our Lean Six Sigma tools and really, really focus here more on the variable cost productivity that we can deliver from the P&L. On the sort of restructuring side of things, I think we've sized the organization globally for what we anticipate the growth of the economies that we're operating in to be. We've got to execute, as we've said, on the restructuring, for example, in Europe. And we're being very, very cautious in the addition of any additional growth-related investments and resources until we see much more visibility. Why don't I stop there? We could come to your second question, but Paul, you might want to add a few comments on productivity.
John E. McGlade: Yes, Laurence. If I understood your question on sort of the advent of lower natural gas, let's say for now in the United States or North America, certainly, I think net-net, that's an opportunity in terms of it ought to stimulate more manufacturing growth over the longer term. It's certainly already showing up, if you will, in the chemical industries in the Gulf Coast. And there, I believe, we're very well positioned to participate. Some of you will have the opportunity obviously to see the fruits of our labor and sort of the interconnecting of the world's largest hydrogen pipeline systems. That positions us very well in syngas supply to projects like this. But I think the other thing that we've talked about many times is tonnage projects, by their nature, are discrete investments that have to meet our return goals, both from a business level point of view and be accretive to the enterprise. And so we have control, I guess, for lack of a better set of words, on our destiny as to whether or not you take a project that is subpar from a return point of view. Now I think we have a lot of competitive advantage with what we've created in the Gulf Coast, which is where a lot of these projects are going to be. And we continue to stay very focused not only on our variable cost productivity but on driving the cost of our assets and our investments down by leveraging the base that we have and leveraging the experience that we have.
John E. McGlade: So I think it's more the latter than the former. And when we've talked about those types of numbers, we did talk about that in the context of a 5%, nominally 5% global manufacturing rate. And then we obviously dissected that a little bit further by the various regions in the globe and what their level of industrial gas intensity is. Right now, we're kind of sitting with a huge dichotomy where we're seeing pretty good -- over the last couple of years, good if not above trend line growth in the Tonnage side of the businesses. At the same time, we're seeing that eroded, if you will, by a significant slowdown on the Merchant side of the businesses.
John E. McGlade: I think what we were trying to say is this, we expect it probably goes a bit lower here in the near term for the points we were making, where people are, frankly, slowing down some of their decisions, particularly outside of China. The China side of gasification seems to be pretty robust still. But I think, when you look more broadly, globally, whether it be hydrogen additions on a worldwide basis, U.S. Gulf Coast basis, or steel -- oxygen-related steel investments or electronics investments, people are taking a bit of a pause, if you will, or a slowdown in committing. Now I think these are valuable projects. And I think, when people have more clarity and insight to where this world's going, they're projects then, I think, could quickly be accelerated.
John E. McGlade: Yes, sure. From my perspective, Saudi Arabia continues to represent, from the large tonnage side of the industrial gas business, a real opportunity. There's significant, obviously, hydrocarbon reserves there and investment, and we just felt that lining up with a partner like ACWA really gave us the right -- the ability to be effective in competing in that marketplace. And it really follows on from our strategy to be an investor in Abdullah Hashim Gases as well. Because as you well know, we really need and want to operate against an integrated gases model wherever we can. So the tonnage plant piggybacked, and then all aspects of the market. And the combination of those 2 relationships really allow us to look at that market in that context.
John E. McGlade: Yes, I think our request for quotations hasn't modified that much. What you're getting is more of a color commentary from Paul and I in projects that might have been, let's just say -- build into, and that's part of the reason we took down our '13 number for new projects, because projects that are in the capital stack are -- the onstream are slipping a quarter or 2 or 3 based on the customer's view of where the world is. I think there is a lot of uncertainty, and people will not necessarily act as quickly on their RFPs. But they're still trying to form projects, if you will, and understand their project economics. In China, the comment we were making, we hadn't seen much of a slowdown, if any, in the gasification side of things. I think we are seeing, if I contrast that to, say, hydrogen in North America, we are seeing people just delaying how and when they want to push the button to kick their project off.
