Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So our utilization rates are in the low 80%s. I think, you're fishing for what we think the larger market might be. But I think, with the dynamic situation in the steel industry, it's difficult to make a precise estimate of where we think overall industry loading is at. Clearly though, the supply-demand dynamic is better than it has been.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So I would say the volume was a positive for us if we look across the business. Maintenance was a mild positive for us if we look at the fourth quarter. If we look at the full year, relatively flat.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So let me just say, I think in China, it's across many different industry groups where we're seeing success, and you see that in merchant which really cuts across most manufacturing fields out there. In a country like Korea, the overall economy, I would say, is not quite as dynamic as the Chinese, but the electronics one is very strong, and we're well positioned to succeed there and have an active project in Pyeongtaek and are already building the second plant for that. So I think that's where we see the growth in a country like that.
Corning F. Painter: Maybe just to clarify for that. In our base number, you know, India is in our equity affiliate. So the biggest driver you're seeing in there is really in the other areas. And if I was going to look in a region like Europe, the base business up 3%. and that's both package gases, which has been on a rebound for us for over a year. But the liquid bulk is a more positive trend for us. So I'd say mildly improving conditions, and that we're seeing that across many of the industries that we serve.
Corning F. Painter: Don, to be clear, most of the improvement we saw was really in the HyCO space for us. I'd say we clearly had positive LOX/LIN volume growth for the quarter, but it was modest.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. I think that the underlying megatrend in China and their approach to steel and all of that is going to continue. I do think it could be a little bit bouncy between now and then and especially, let's say, in some of the wholesale business areas. Of course, we're moving more towards retail. But I think the underlying mega-trend is going to be sustained for some time.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah, so let me speak about the term and then be a little more coy on the pricing just because I think of the competitive situation there. So, the term typically is five years, so you can think of about 20% of it coming up in any given year. Different contracts have different clauses in it, some get rolled before the five-year-period is up and so forth. So I would just say we work pricing hard, and that announcement is part of our overall pricing program, but I'd really not like to go into specifics around that.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So, we're working hard to replace that volume and we've had modest volume growth, as I talked about earlier, in terms of LOX, LIN and LAR and so we continue to work that. You'll see a full quarter impact of that next quarter.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. Let me just say, just a few weeks ago I was in Europe talking with a major customer about a Carbon Capture project. I think the conditions are always going to require government support and that's not fully in place, but the opportunities enough there that we're in direct conversations with people about it.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yeah, Vincent, I'd just like to add that one of the main drivers for our volume growth grow is our hydrogen business.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Good morning, Chris. Chris, with respect to Lu'An, the approval that we need is that Lu'An is a state-owned company. Whatever they need to do has to be approved by SESAK, which is the overall controller of all of the assets for all of the state-owned companies in China. That process does take time, it is difficult to make an assessment. We quite honestly had a lot of debate about what to do about this thing and we thought that the best thing is to say that, let's not exclude it in our estimate and then when the time comes and we get approval we will obviously add it. But I'd just like to say that Lu'An on a full-year operating basis, if it was operating for the full year, it will contribute to our bottom-line about $0.25, $0.26. So now, during fiscal year 2017 (sic) [fiscal year 2018] whenever it comes up we will inform you. We expect this process to take about five months or six months, it's just like a little bit like anti-trust approval. But we don't know for sure. But as soon as that happens, and we close, we will let the investment community know, and we will adjust our guidance accordingly.
Seifollah Ghasemi: With respect to other projects in China, obviously we are working on other projects in China and when and if they happen, we will obviously make an announcement.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, with respect to the Jazan thing, I think there wasn't much of a difference between the third quarter and fourth quarter. And then with respect to the syngas, they did announce that they are doing something with BASF on syngas though quite honestly, a month ago, we did – about a month and a half ago, we are building bigger project for Huntsman in the same area. It's a very large HyCO unit providing CO to their MDI unit. So, I think, the idea of providing – they've been providing basically syngas to most of these companies when they build SMRs. The part that we are getting into is when that syngas is being converted to other materials like liquids or diesel fuel and so on, we are getting involved in that part and I'll leave it for the other company to come and if they are getting into that or not.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I don't expect any lumpiness because quite honestly that project is going very smoothly. The reason that it was lumpy last year in 2016 was because we were not taking any profit for a while, just making sure that the project is real and is on-stream. But during the course of 2017, it has been very kind of not very lumpy and we don't expect that to be – we expect that to be smooth for the balance of 2018.
Seifollah Ghasemi: The agreement that we have on Lu'An is like our other onsite agreements. It is a fixed BFC. So, the profitability of that business is going to be approximately $0.25, $0.26 on an annual basis, and it will be the same in the future except for some adjustments for inflation. So, that's – it's not a business that is going to grow beyond adjustments that we have agreed with other side for inflation. So that is the good thing because it's not going to go down, it's going to be consistent and it's fixed fee that we charge to Lu'An for providing syngas. Thank you.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yes if there are projects done in the Gulf Coast, when they would happen, we expect to get our fair share of the market. Yes. But there are not that many projects being executed in the Gulf Coast.
Seifollah Ghasemi: No, not at all, I actually the way I see that P.J. is that I think that the industry, I'm not an expert, but I tell you my view. I think the industry is going to shift to electric for sure. But then people are going to find out that now they have to generate the electricity. And certain countries like China, they have a lot of coal that they can burn, it's called clean coal gasification, which is great for us, to use the coal and create clean electricity. But there are countries like Japan, how do you generate electricity in Japan? That is why in Japan, and you look at Toyota, they are not working on electric cars, they are working on hydrogen cars, because they don't have coal to generate electricity and they don't want to do nuclear. I see the transition over time by internal combustion engine, electric cars and eventually hydrogen. So we are very bullish on that and we are, as you know, the leader in this field. And this is a long-term thing, it will happen 15, 20 years from now. But right now we are very active in this area and we see actually a very great future for hydrogen cars, which would be a better solution in the long-term than electric cars.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We are actually investing, yes, quite a bit in – not in the production of the hydrogen cars, but in production of fueling station and creating fueling stations, so that when you have your hydrogen car, you can go like a gas station and fill your car with hydrogen. We have some of those operational. If you are in Los Angeles, we can show you those where it says Air Products and you can actually drive there and fill up your car with hydrogen. We are working on hundreds of these, we are working on those in the United States, in California. We have a joint venture now, with Shinwa in China to do this. We are working on this thing in Japan. We are working on this thing in Europe. Yes, we are active. I think of all of the industrial gas companies, we are the most active in this area.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yes, the environmental constraints in China are very beneficial to us, because one of the effects of the environmental constraints is the shutting down of a lot of inefficient steel industry, which is basically elimination of our competitors because those are small steel companies. Each had an air suppression unit and there was a competitor. So from that point of view it's positive. The second thing is that China is moving in a big way towards clean coal technology and that is why you see all of these gasification projects. That is why we are focused on them. So overall, we are benefiting from the constraints that they are putting there. That is why, when we talk about growth in the future. You always see that we talk about energy, about environment and about emerging markets. So, that is a very positive trend for us. And fortunately, we are in a leading position of us coal gasification and we will see a lot of benefits and a lot of big projects in the future.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Good morning, Bob. Bob, I said our LNG base basically is right now, is not making any money. We have restructured the business in such a way that we wouldn't lose anything. So we are at the bottom. Anything that happens will be on the upside. Depending on whom you talk to the industry and I'm sure you are very much – very knowledgeable on this thing, different people take different views. We are prepared to live with – we have said that 2018, we don't expect any improvement, but in 2019, 2020, I think it will come back because no matter how you look at it, the world expect – the world is going to need LNG. So, it's just a matter of riding through the cycle. But fortunately, for us the worst is over.
Seifollah Ghasemi: David, the Air Products used to do that, I told them to stop that, because we don't want to give too much information to our competitors. But basically, what is that $0.65, that $0.65 consists of productivity that we will continue to deliver. It will consist of new plants coming on-stream, which is not a lot if you exclude Lu'An. And then it will come from what we believe will be some modest growth in volumes and some modest growth in pricing. And then you add all of that up and come up with the $0.63. We obviously feel very confident that they can deliver that; otherwise we wouldn't put it in our guidance. But those are the key elements, but we don't break it down anymore as we used to do.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, on that front, I'm obviously pleased with the improvements that we have made, but I think there is more room to go. As I always tell our people, I'm happy where we are, but I'm never going to be satisfied. Whatever we are we can do even better than that. I think the people have responded very well. I'm very proud of the team. I always say that I'm very, quite honestly, very proud and honored to be part of this team. But there is still room to go. We have 15,000 people in this company and to claim that we have reached every one of them with the new culture would be an exaggeration. So, we do have more work to do, but we have made a lot of progress and I think the best example of that is our safety record because that we need the participation of all of the 15,000 people. And obviously, our financial performance. And it's not easy to improve the EBITDA margin of a company like Air Products, the size of Air Products, by 900 basis points in three years unless you had the full cooperation and support of all of the people. So I thank them for that. But as I said, there's always more room to go.
Seifollah Ghasemi: No, the global thing is just what we report. It's not a different sector that somebody is running with their staff or anything, John. That's just how we report it to you, because I did not want to allocate corporate overhead to the regions. So that, it stands out and you can take a look at it and we can challenge it every day. But it's not an organization that if we kind of roll it into other things we would save any money.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that if the 75% of Jazan that we don't own was owned by the Government of Saudi Arabia. I think we might have an argument on that. But the 75% that we do not own is owned by a private company, ACWA Energy, and they like Jazan as much as we do. So, unless we are willing to go and offer them a very high price, I think they like where they are. And certainly that company is a very strong company, and they are not suffering from cash. So, I think the possibility is very low, John.
Seifollah Ghasemi: With respect to Lu'An, I mean, we have told you that the Lu'An returns are – we don't take any projects less than 10%, so Lu'An is higher than that. With respect to Carbon Capture in Europe, we are seeing some legislation, but I think Corning is very informed on this thing; he can give you an answer. Go ahead.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Okay. With that, I would like to thank everybody for being on our call today. Thanks for taking time from your very busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest. And we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day and all the very best.
