Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you again, Simon. Now, please turn to slide number 16 for a discussion of our outlook. During the year, on all of our calls, I have said that we are not going to use the weak worldwide economy nor the negative impact of currency translation as an excuse to reduce our guidance that we promised you back in October. So, I'm very pleased to announce that at this time, based on what we know, our guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015 is $1.75 to $1.85 per share. At midpoint, this will be an increase of $0.14 or 8% over the previous year, and an increase of $0.15 or 9% over our fiscal year third quarter that we are just talking about. This takes our full year 2015 guidance up to $6.50 to $6.60 per share. At midpoint, this represents a 13% increase over our 2014 results and is $0.13 higher than the target we committed to you back in October. This is despite the fact that we don't see any significant improvement in the worldwide economy, and now expect about $0.35 negative headwind from currency translation. As for capital expenditure in 2015, we expect about $1.7 billion, the same number that we shared with you last quarter. We do continue to enjoy a robust backlog with a high level of secure on-site pipeline projects. Most importantly, we are bringing projects on line that are contributing volume, sales and profit. At the same time, we are bidding and winning new projects in the marketplace. As a result, our backlog of $3.2 billion remains unchanged from last quarter, and you can see a list of our major projects in the Appendix slides. In closing, I would like to say that we are totally focused on actions that we can control to deliver on the commitments that we are making here. We are executing on our improvement program, and our plan and our team is working together to achieve our goals. Once again, I want to commend the Air Products team for outstanding job that they are doing. They are driving significant change in the company and working hard to move Air Products forward to create value for our shareholders and customers. At this time now, we are delighted to answer any of your questions.
Seifollah Ghasemi: What – first of all, the cost savings would be across the board in all of our businesses, number one. The second thing is that when I say $300 million over four years, that's obviously $75 million a year. That's kind of the variable cascade approximately.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I think that – I mean, the area that we can see the biggest amount of improvement is obviously our Latin America operations, but they do have room to improve our results in all of the sectors. I would like Corning to make some more comments on this.
Seifollah Ghasemi: As far as the construction of the first unit, we are almost done with the construction and we are in the startup. As far as the confidence in the technology, we'll find out. This is one of a kind, first time anybody has built a plant of this size, and we will find out what the technology does, whether it works or it doesn't work. We are in the middle of doing that and I don't really have any significant update for you. As far as being in conversation with anybody, no, we are not in any conversation until we get these plants operating. Because if they are not going to operate, there is no conversation to be had.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I would like Corning to answer that, but we are not after gaining market share. We are after making sure that we serve our current customers, and most of the increase in volumes are from new plants. But I'll let Corning to comment because most of this is in our Industrial Gases business.
Seifollah Ghasemi: And you would expect that because that is where we have made significant investments, and so we are now getting the benefit of that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: There were two things. Number one, when we gave our guidance at the end of last quarter, Don, as you know, we have seen really weak month of March and April. And we were very concerned about how the economy will develop, especially in the U.S. Things have turned out better in the U.S. than we thought. The second thing is that our plants in China came on stream sooner than we thought. So, those were the two main reasons. The cost savings are in line with what we expected because we have a very detailed program on that. But the – it was – I mean, we were cautious because of the economy and the plants in China, and those two turned out to be better than we expected.
Seifollah Ghasemi: No, no, no, no. Please be careful. We are not trying to optimize maintenance. We are trying to – we will maintain and we are maintaining our facilities. And the number that you are quoting, about $300 million in maintenance, is absolutely correct. The issue is that with maintenance, as you know, it's a lumpy thing depending on when customers shut down plants. So, it is going to go up and down quarter-by-quarter. But order of magnitude, $250 million to $300 million is the maintenance cost for Air Products.
Seifollah Ghasemi: No. We have always said that we want to focus on Industrial Gases. So, that has been our strategy and it will continue to be our strategy. I'm very pleased with the job that Guillermo and his people are doing, but we still consider that business, at the end of the day, to be non-core.
Seifollah Ghasemi: David, don't – I mean, you know that I can't give you anything like that because we are looking at all of our options, as you know. So...
Seifollah Ghasemi: I think it's – when you're looking at your models, I think it would be wise to spread it evenly across the year.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yes. Obviously, right now, there is significant amount of opportunities in the U.S. Gulf Coast because of all of the chemical projects that are under consideration. There are significant opportunities around the world for hydrogen. We are the leader in hydrogen, and as a result of that, that creates a lot of opportunities for us. So, the opportunities are worldwide, but obviously and proportionally, there are more opportunities in the U.S. And we are very well positioned in the U.S., and we think that we will get our fair share of the market.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I'm very happy that you asked the question. We did not decide to buy the shares. I wouldn't have bought the shares. The – as part of the original agreement, the sellers had a put option on Air Products. And obviously, it was a good price, though they put it to us. We had no choice. If we had the choice, we wouldn't have bought it at the price. We would have liked to – but it was a put option, so they put it to us, they have to live by the contract that was negotiated at the time the purchase price was done. So, the good news is that now, at least, we are in full control, and we can do what we need in improving that business. But it wasn't as if we sat down and decided that, gee, this is a great thing to do.
Seifollah Ghasemi: It is just filling a gap. I think it's the second thing that you said. We just look at the board, and a board of any company is supposed to be a collection of people with different skills, and this was an area where we didn't have the skill, and I think it was – we are very fortunate that Mr. Cogut has agreed to serve on our board. He's – we all have a great deal of respect for him. He is very well-known, and I think he will be a very good addition to our board.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I don't want to comment on the competitiveness because that's not appropriate. But in terms of the backlog changing, I think some projects will come on stream, they go off backlog, and hopefully, we'll win some projects and we will add it. So, I would not see a material change.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Mike, I think that during the call, I think Scott mentioned that the effect of the lower prices on profitability was minimal.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I'll answer the return question. You know that we are not going to take any project less than 10% return. So, the return was higher than that. But in terms of the – we are under constraints from our customer about how much we can talk about it but I'd like Corning to make some comments.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Okay. At this time, I would like to take a second once more and thank everybody on the call. We appreciate your interest. And we look forward to talking to you in three months. Have a great day. Thank you again.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. Good morning. So, when we allocated out these targets across the regions, we clearly looked at the nature of the business, the nature of the spend, the assets in each area. So, it's not like a flat percentage for everyone. It's appropriate for each business opportunity.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So, I think if you looked at this regional slice that we have, you could see a large proportion of this is in Asia. And what you're seeing in Asia is the new plants coming on stream pretty much in total, okay? And that's really a large part of the picture here.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. Maybe just a little recognition for the team. So, these are large plants. It's been a big effort to get them to completion and get them started up. We talked about we've had one come on in this quarter very smoothly. We expect these plants to come on next year likewise, and kind of what you see in that Appendix, that reflects our latest thinking on it.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So, I think, to some degree, the answer to your question is in that table. So, you can look at when the plants come on. As those come on, each one of them represents a step change from that. There's the potential that we would identify additional attractive investments between now and then, but I think that's sort of your roadmap.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So, I think you would expect, as Seifi said earlier, that you're just going to see this spread out over the course of the next fiscal year.
Corning F. Painter: Right. Excellent question. So, you can imagine in the high-inflation regions, it is much easier to drive pricing, and really essential to drive pricing. So, in places like Brazil right now, prices are up quite significantly. In the U.S., we have a situation where we have a number of contracts that are under a formula. And as those input numbers, input costs, go down, that becomes a net drag on pricing. Of course, our input cost that we actually experience come down at the same time. So, it's not really compressing margin, as you might think about pricing. That's just reflecting the natural ebb and flow of an index. So, definitely, in our space, there's certainly a higher percentage increase in Latin America.
Corning F. Painter: So, for the most part, our position right now is, let's say we're in the 70%s on a global basis. So, a little bit higher in the U.S. and Canada, a little bit lower in Latin America. The movement there or let's say the trend line going up is really just going with underlying volumes at this point. Not really significant capacity coming out of the system at this point. And I would say, in general, if you look at it, so LOX/LIN/LAR up in North America, up a bit in Europe as well. I think it reflects just an overall thing that's happening here in Air Products. I mean, this is a company that's going through a huge transformation. Think about where we were a year ago. Think about that graph we saw earlier about our EBITDA trend. I mean, we've been through a big change. And I think it reflects overall, that people are energized by what's happening, and our teams are out there and they're pushing the sales, they're interacting with our customers, and I think we've got some momentum from that. And that's going to slowly impact our overall loading. But it's hard to beat, of course, the global economic environment.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. As you can imagine, these are long-term contracts tied to big assets. And it's not super easy to go ahead and modify them. As well as if you think about what we're really interested in at the end of the day is earnings, is profit, okay? And so, there's not a lot to be gained in heavily trying to reengineer that in terms of your face time with the customer. That might change a ratio for us, but it's not going to really change EPS for us, let's say that. So, we're very focused on the things that most drive value for ourselves and for our shareholders, and really not so much an effort trying to reengineer or re-jig the current contracts.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So, this is a reflection of having a product line approach. We've – we know the electronics industry, the semiconductor industry very well. We built a standard set of plants that are geared to deriving or delivering the nitrogen, adjust the pressures and purities these guys need, and I think it just reflects the ability to take that (01:03:32) and replicate it. These are plants that we've built before in other locations, and in some cases, for those very same customer, and we'll now be doing it for them in this location. I think it's the power of – when we talk about focusing on the core, this is an example of that. Focusing on an area of strength and continuing to grow from strength to strength.
