Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Dr. Serhan. Now please turn to Slide #18. Our second quarter results exceeded our previous guidance. However, the outlook for the global economy as a whole remains uncertain. Therefore, we have modestly raised our fiscal year 2023 guidance to $11.30 to $11.50 per share versus $11.20 to $11.50 announced last quarter. For the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, our earnings per share guidance is $2.85 to $2.95, up 10% to 14% over last year. We still see our CapEx at around $5 billion to $5.5 billion for this year, including the approximately $1 billion that we paid for the second phase of the Jazan project. Now please turn to Slide #19. Air Products was, 80 years ago, the pioneer of the on-site business model, and we were also the first to develop the on-site hydrogen business. Now we are again spearheading the development of large low-carbon intensity hydrogen projects to address the enormous opportunities provided by the energy transition. This drive to lead is part of our culture and shared by our people who have the courage to lead the charge. As I have mentioned many times, the long-term competitive advantage of an enterprise is rooted in the commitment and motivation of its people. This principle has been clearly demonstrated by our past and the leaders into the future. It is our people and their commitment and motivation. Now we are very pleased to answer your questions. Operator, we are ready for questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Sure. With respect to Indonesia, I mean, coal prices have nothing to do with these things. Coal price is going up and increase the price of the final product. The main reason that we withdraw from Indonesia was that we had started the project about almost five years ago. The project had condition precedents that had to be met and we just were not getting those conditions approved at the different levels. And therefore, at some point in time, you kind of just can't continue waiting for approvals, and we decided that we have opportunities to deploy our cash at other places, and that was the basis of the decision to be drawn. I hope the investors give us the benefit of the fact that we are flexible. We are not -- we react to the circumstances. And we can't keep millions, billions of dollars of Air Products money sitting somewhere for a long time without getting an income for it. And therefore, we decided to deploy the capital at other places around the world, and you will hear about where we are deploying it in the future. The second comment with respect to Jiutai, we have completed the facility on time. But like any on-site business that you're very familiar with, the customer has to give us utilities and provide this raw material for us to get it started. The customer is having some issues with doing that, and that is why we are delaying two quarters.
Seifi Ghasemi: Steve, yes, you're absolutely right about the fact that if we can provide the customers that are making renewable diesel hydrogen with a lower carbon intensity, that increases the LCFS credits that they get for selling that renewable diesel in California. Therefore, our customers are asking for blue hydrogen and we are considering converting some of our existing methane reformers, put carbon capture on them and provide blue hydrogen to our customers. In addition to that, as you know, our project -- our big project in Louisiana is all about producing blue hydrogen. So you're absolutely right. Those things will drive demand. We are very excited about that, and it will create a significant opportunity for anybody who can come up with blue hydrogen first and that would be Air Products.
Seifi Ghasemi: First of all, it is really twice what it usually should be. And the main reason for it is that we had some one-time items in the quarter, which throw that. It has to do with incentive compensation. Obviously, if the businesses are doing better, the incentive comp that people will receive will go higher, we have to accrue for that. And there were some other one-time items that drove that cost. We expect that to come down to something more like $0.20, $0.22 that it has been in the past. And that is driven by the fact that we are investing in the future projects and a lot of the cost -- those development costs, we cannot capitalize and therefore, that number will be with us. We have to compensate a bit productivity and other measures.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, first of all, good morning. John, hope all is well. John, you are absolutely making very, very appropriate and correct statements. We were very pleased with the interest rate that we got for the green bonds. It took us only one day to raise the $1.1 billion, which means that there is a lot of demand for that. And it does encourage us to look for project finance on a lot of our projects. And that will increase the firing power that Air Products in terms of doing more and more of these big projects. So we are very happy about that. And obviously, at the end of the day, the interest rate that we pay, that would depend on what the federal reserve does. But right now, as you said, we borrowed almost -- closest to treasuries, which is very good news for us, and we are very happy about that. And you are very right, it will help us significantly in financing the projects in the future and doing more of this .
Seifi Ghasemi: John, that's a very good question. First of all, that project is moving well. We are seeing a significant amount of demand there. We clearly see that we will be sold out of that facility, and we are actually looking at the possibility of expanding that operation to include more. When we announced it, we did say that this is the first phase of a three-phase operation and we expect to do more there. Considering all of the oil industry in that part of the world and the demand for -- obviously, in Canada, it's a little bit different than in the United States. Canada is moving towards the actual carbon tax. A lot of these refineries actually had to do something. And hydrogen is -- blue hydrogen is the solution. We are in a very good position with our pipeline there, with the land we have there. So, we are very optimistic about that, John, very optimistic.
Seifi Ghasemi: Chris, thank you for your question because that gives me an opportunity to address it. When we look at projects, I've always said, we look at the specific project, the viability of the project and the profitability of the project. If there is a very, very profitable project that makes sense for us to do in another part of the world, we will look at it and we will do some of those things. But there is no question that the IRA has created a significant opportunity for hydrogen in the United States, especially blue and green hydrogen. Air Products is the leader on that. And therefore, I expect a significant part, a significant part of our investments in the future, will be in the U.S. because definitely we are building a green hydrogen facility in Northern Texas that we've announced. We definitely need to be -- there's another giga green hydrogen project in the United States because of the demand. There are significant opportunities for blue hydrogen in the United States that can be realized because there is possibility of sequestration of the Gulf Coast of the United States. So the -- and natural gas prices are cheap because for blue hydrogen production that we can easily make it and then export it. Therefore, we are very bullish about that. We are very excited about that. And IRA is designed to promote investment in the United States. That is going to happen, and we will be a big participant on that. So I mean, I can't give you exactly the book in the next five years, 80% of our investment will be in the U.S., but it will be a substantial part of it. But at the same time, if there are other interesting projects, as I was telling John McNulty a few minutes ago, with the increased ability to project finance some of these, we will do projects in other parts of the world if they are interesting and lead us to further growth in other parts of the world.
Seifi Ghasemi: Sure. Chris, we have seen significant growth in Asia because of our smaller projects. We did say we have executed about 30 smaller projects. They are not -- they used to be big projects by the old standards, but now we call them smaller projects, $100 million, $200 million, $300 million project. In semiconductors, we have significant additions. In glass, we have significant additions and in other traditional nitrogen generators and all of that. So, we are doing very well. We are gaining more than our fair market share in that part of the world, and we continue to be optimistic about that part of the world in terms of economic growth.
Seifi Ghasemi: Vincent, it's always good to talk to you. It will be a mixture of those things, as you have seen from our announcements, Vincent, the announcement that we put out last night, those are on-site projects at customer sites. The Eastman project is on the side of Eastman and the other one is on the side of LyondellBasell. So, we will do a mixture of both: stand-alone ones where we can feed our pipeline or dedicated ones or a combination of the two of them which has been our model and we will continue doing that. The interesting thing is that this increase in demand for green and blue hydrogen is across the board. It is not that one customer has decided they want to do that. Everybody has to do that. Every refinery in the United States has to decarbonize. Every steel plant has to decarbonize. Every cement plan has to decarbonize. Every glass plant has to decarbonize. Therefore, every heavy transportation has to decarbonize, and the only way to do that is using hydrogen. So that demand will be there, and it will be a mixture of on-site, standalones and all of that. So we will be doing all of the above, as they say.
Seifi Ghasemi: I think it will happen in time. Your assessment on that is very correct. It will happen in time, yes.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes, the big margin improvement is driven by the fact that when energy prices were going up significantly, at the beginning we lagged it. As you recall, 1.5 years ago, we had a lot of issues with the investors about erosion of our margin because we couldn't keep up -- increase prices fast enough to keep up with energy prices. So, now we have caught up with that. So, now at the other end of the cycle, energy prices are decreasing and therefore, it gives us an opportunity to increase our margins and make more profit to the bottom line. It's kind of making up for what we lost before.
Seifi Ghasemi: We are working on that project. We have gotten almost -- most of the permits that they need, and we are waiting for one or two of them to start actual construction. Engineering is going on. So that project is moving forward as planned, as of right now. Now we have to look at other opportunities and how we can enhance that project. But the project is moving forward, and the demand for sustainable airline fuel seems to be improving. And other people seem to be very interested in the product, so that they can decarbonize.
Seifi Ghasemi: Chris, well, we are hoping to see that. And that is why when you look at sequentially in terms of the earnings share guidance that we have given you, you'll notice that if you do the math, you need to have a pretty decent and robust fourth quarter to meet our guidance of $11.30 to $11.50. So, we do expect that exactly what you said.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes. Our on-site business compared to last year is doing better, and our midstream volumes are kind of flat, nothing significant to report.
Seifi Ghasemi: John, excellent question. We have developed the technology in terms of how to crack the ammonia back to hydrogen. And we are going to -- we are in the process of designing and building one of these. And I expect that in about 2 years or 2.5 years, you will have one of these things at commercial scale operating even before we actually have blue or green of ammonia to put into it. We are going to build it and test it with ordinary ammonia. I'm very optimistic about that. We have the technology, it works. So that's competitive advantage that we have over people, John, as we have talked about before.
Seifi Ghasemi: Mike, on that one, I think what we will probably do is that if anybody is interested in cracking ammonia, we will suggest to them that we build the plant for them and crack the ammonia back to hydrogen and sell it to them a sale of gas. Even if they have the molecules, the original nitrogen -- the ammonia comes from somebody else. I don't think we will be licensing that at this stage. But I don't want to predict the future. And if there is specific customer who wants huge quantities, we take a look at it. But it is a proprietary technology the same way that we don't license our LNG technology. I don't see us doing that.
Seifi Ghasemi: If I make any comment on that, it would not be that credible because nobody knows how that will move, right? I don't know. I really cannot answer that question because it will be a very difficult thing to pretend to project what is going to happen to energy prices in the future in Europe, right? It depends on the world. It depends on what else will happen. So I just don't want to pretend as if I know something that I don't -- I have no idea, Mike.
Seifi Ghasemi: Go up. It will continue to go up because we are working on a lot of projects, Kevin. And I fully expect that, that backlog will grow because one of the things that is -- one of the things which is not in that backlog is that we have put zero amount for the green hydrogen project that we are doing in Northern Texas. And obviously, we will not put it in our backlog until we get cleared -- get the permits and so on. But that by itself is a significant amount.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, that is a very good question. We did put out the announcement because we are obviously transparent and we want you to know what we're doing. But the other end, there's a lot of constraint from the customers about the price and the volumes and all of that. They don't want us to disclose that. But here is actually a very good example of the competitive advantage that Air Products has, is -- you're absolutely right. It can make CO and then by-product is hydrogen. But we do have our pipeline. Our pipeline is sold out. We do need additional hydrogen, and therefore, we will put the hydrogen in our pipeline and sell it. The demand is there. So that was one of the main reasons that we were able to get those projects. And basically on one of them, we displaced an incumbent who has been there for a long time because they didn't have the competitive advantage that we have.
Seifi Ghasemi: The dry close has happened. And now, we are basing on what is called the wet close. The dry close is kind of the banks make their commitments. And then the wet close, where we actually receive the money and the commitment, happens usually two, three months after that, after all of the condition, precedents has happened and the lawyers have spent enough time to make a lot of money. So, that is -- that process is underway. So we have had the dry close, and the process is underway in order to get the wet close done. It's going to take some time until we get there. And when we get there, we'll obviously put out a press release immediately and let you know.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, first of all, with IRA, you're absolutely right. It's a law. Now it has to be translated into rules in terms of how you apply it. I would just like to make comments. From what I see -- we think that IRA is a good legislation for the world because it promotes decarbonization and addresses global warming. It is focused on hydrogen, which is obviously our business. That was the right thing for them to do. Now in terms of what will happen to it and all of that, I cannot comment on the political situation. But specifically, I would like to say that Air Products position is very clear. First of all, with our project in New York, we are getting power from the Niagara Falls. It is continuous power, 24 hours a day, green. Therefore, we don't see any issue with that. But we have been very public that we believe that you can only make green hydrogen and call it green and not faking it is when you can prove that you are doing that every hour, not average over a year and so on because that doesn't make sense. That is the rule that Europe has adopted. And besides that, anything that you make in the United States has to be a product which is tradable. So we need to follow the lead that Europe has had in terms of the audit production and measuring it on an hourly basis, prove that you are making green rather than saying, well, the sun is shining. I'm making green. But during the night, I'm using the dirty grid to make hydrogen, but we call it green because I made more -- I sold some power during the day to be green. So we have a position on that. We have expressed that position to the government, to the Department of Energy and all of that. So, that, we are very public about where we stand on that. But you are very right. All of these things do need to get translated into law. But I would like to stress that the projects that we announced, they were -- our project in Louisiana and so on, they're all pre-IRA. So IRA will help. But that wasn't the primary reason we did that. The primary reason that we did that is because we think there will be demand for these projects. If IRA doesn't exist, then the price of hydrogen will be higher. If there's -- IRA exists, the price of hydrogen will be lower because you have the incentive and the customer will benefit from someone.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you very much, I really do appreciate that. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today. I know how busy everybody is. We appreciate your interest in Air Products, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter sometime in early August. Please stay safe and healthy, and all the best to everyone. Thank you.
