John E. McGlade: Thank you, Simon, and let me also wish everyone a good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. Please turn to Slide 3. We delivered on our commitments during the first quarter of fiscal year '14. We continued to execute on our strong backlog, including bringing onstream 2 new projects in China; execute on our asset loading plans, with strong volume growth in Merchant and Electronics and Performance Materials; deliver on our cost reduction programs. We are on track and seeing the savings from the program we announced last quarter and we remain focused on winning profitable new projects. Together, these factors enabled us to deliver the Q1 earnings results you see today, which are at the top of our guidance range. Our focus has not changed, and we remain committed to delivering on our priorities for 2014. The investments we have made over the past several years, the position of our portfolio and our ability to execute going forward are key drivers for Air Products' future. We believe shareholders will realize increasingly stronger returns as earnings growth from the profitable projects in our backlog contribute in 2014 and accelerate in 2015 and 2016. Now let me turn over the call to Scott to review our results.
John E. McGlade: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide 12. In conclusion, our performance this quarter was driven by our ability to execute effectively on the strategic priorities we set out at the beginning of this year. We continue to stay focused on executing against our backlog, winning profitable new projects, loading our existing assets and driving productivity and cost improvements. Let me now take a moment to briefly update you on our progress in the search for the next CEO. As you know, the board has retained an executive search firm and is looking at candidates who have the right skills and experience to take our company forward. I can't give much more insight than that, but I want you to know that the process is well underway and the board and I are confident that we will find the right leader for Air Products. Finally, as I said at our annual shareholder meeting last week, having spent 38 years with Air Products, I can say with the utmost confidence that while individuals may come and go, the values that drive our organization remain deeply rooted. These values define who we are and distinguish us from other organizations. I cannot speak highly enough to the employees at our company and I am immensely proud to be a part of this great group of people. With that, thank you. And now we are ready to take your questions.
John E. McGlade: Sure, Laurence. It's John McGlade. Yes, on -- in the current bidding activity, these are large projects, large projects that the front end take some time to work their way through feed typically. Bottom line though is when we look at our CapEx forecast for this year and when we look at the bidding activity as we go out, I don't think there's anything abnormal in the context of what we've seen in prior years.
John E. McGlade: So yes. Typically, you know that the demand, the GDP, we actually like to track it closer to the sort of an industrial output or manufacturing type of number. Varies almost on an S-curve as a function of the maturity of the particular geography you're talking about. Having said that, there have been -- and that typically is 1 to 2, somewhere in that -- in a very sort of middle part of the S-curve, it could be a little higher than 2. What's changed that, I think, to the positive in terms of demand for all gases if you want to speak to within that context, is the phenomena that's happened in hydrogen and the phenomena that's happened in gasification in particular in China in driving hydrogen for refining globally, if you will, as clean fuel standards translate around the globe and then oxygen specifically for gasification in China. So I think that those rules of thumb are good over a long period of time in any given year, obviously given in particular my comments around these larger tonnage type of volumes. As Scott used the word, they could be a little lumpy based on the timing on when those projects come in to the P&L. But if you think about, one last point, if you think about what ultimately drives the demand for industrial gases and try to sort of track that towards the macro trends in the world, I firmly and strongly believe the drive for energy efficiency, the drive for increased throughput or productivity in the manufacturing process, the drive for an improving quality of end products, whatever they may be and sort of the over arching environmental regulations and policies bode well for this type -- this industry as we go into the future.
John E. McGlade: Sure. I mean, to me, they're normal course of business. We look at that all the time. And what we wanted to do was not tie any new CEO's hands, but really ensure that we have a smooth transition with the next management team here.
John E. McGlade: Sure. First, on -- I think, Mike, you know, you can never fall in love with an on-site project because you're locking in the return on the day that you sign that project. And so we've been through in many of these other calls. We got a fairly robust process to decide how we're going to price a particular project. And if we can achieve the returns that we want from that project, we're going to walk from it. And that is at least how I view tonnage projects. And I'm very comfortable that the quality of the returns of the projects that we've been signing over the last number of years that are both in the backlog and the new bidding activities meet that criteria. At the beginning of the year, and Scott may want to add a little more comment to this, at the beginning of the year, we didn't really lay out quarter by quarter the impact of new projects. But I believe we said, it'd be $0.20 to $0.25 in earnings this year. And as we noted in this release, we started up 2 smaller of those projects. Scott, you might want to add a couple more comments.
John E. McGlade: I don't think we're necessarily gaining share. I'd take you back to Scott's point, which is you really have to look at the sub-geographies to understand the specific loading in those particular areas. What we are doing though is getting the benefit from or the benefits from added commercial resources in the marketplace. So broader coverage and a stronger focus on applications in those geographies where we have product to sell. And so we've talked about this in the past. But over the last 18 months or so, we really have added in the U.S. market and target areas in Asia both sales and technology resources to really drive additions to unloaded assets.
John E. McGlade: So as I said in the script and I'm not sure we're giving you guidance to that at this point, but you can expect a lot more than that in both of those years as the full benefit of this backlog really starts hitting in '15 and '16.
John E. McGlade: Again, we don't typically disclose specific project returns, but these projects fit right into the core of the strategy for acquiring the EPCO facility to give us broader market coverage and broader -- and better distribution supply chain advantages. And as Simon commented in our script, we're very pleased with how the EPCO acquisition has started up both in terms of EPCO performing at its own businesses is exceeding expectations, but also the complementary nature of having CO2 for the food businesses and having a CO2 offering for Oilfield Services has really further helped in the terms of this business and the Merchant business.
John E. McGlade: So -- I mean, any good industrial gas business looks to continue to increase your density around a given set of assets. You have to have both the market opportunity to do that and that market opportunity means what are the other asset of competitors in that area and their particular applications. We're looking at that at a very local level, so Scott used the subregion area. But we're looking, if you will, at every concentration within a tight geography of a couple of hundred miles as to where can we enhance our position. So those CO2 assets that we were talking about are examples. Or building out a micro-bulk offering in China or in Korea or in North America are other examples of it. So sometimes you're looking at adding a LOX/LIN/LAR plant as we do in the Oilfield Services area. Sometimes you're looking at adding a complementary product line. Frankly, sometimes you're looking at adding those resources I talked from a technology sales point. Each and everyone varies greatly by the dynamics of the market and your position in that market at a very local level. And that's what the team is constantly looking at and doing.
John E. McGlade: So when we look at the outage profile here going through the year, we'd expect the second quarter to increase as folks take additional outages. And then in the back half of the year, we'd expect to see volumes increase, especially during the summer season, which is traditionally the high operating level for the industry.
John E. McGlade: So we need to obviously drive the margin up in Merchant. That's our #1 priority. And that's going to be a combination of loading, as you noted. And as Scott mentioned earlier, as we would see pricing, I'm sorry, loading in the market begin to cross the 80% at a local level, you have an opportunity I think to get more real pricing increases. And frankly, to your point, there is a lag effect. That lag effect is more pronounced when you have a big step function change in those inputs. And over the last several months, I think we could see where natural gas has gone, where diesel has gone and we've got to work that. But the team understands that they've got to work that and we're out doing that day in and day out.
John E. McGlade: No, these are -- I appreciate the point, but these are really truly outages that turn around. This is very common part of the year where you go from home heating oils to transportation fuels in calendar quarter 1 and part of calendar quarter 2 as you start for the summer driving season, so to speak. The other point I'd make is on the whole light sweet crude thing, we've looked at that. And we've looked at that so many different ways, and we don't really see a material impact to our business. The other thing that you got to keep in mind is the refineries in the Gulf Coast that can use the heaviest, sturdiest crudes, they're going to tend to run those with a lot of that lighter, sweeter crude predominantly going into those refineries that haven't made the investment to be able to use the more challenged crudes. The other point that I think we got to keep in mind is when refining the amount of power and steam and hydrogen that goes in to refine a barrel of oil in the United States comes from a very advantaged natural gas price versus sort of the rest of the globe where you've got to create that energy and that hydrogen and that theme from $100 a barrel of oil or $90 a barrel of oil. And so there's an implicit invested or capital advantage already, further leveraged by a nice operating cost advantage on the spread between natural gas and oil.
John E. McGlade: So you hit the nail on the head. We do listen to the best of our ability to all of our shareholders. And to be quite honest, I would never disclose what one shareholder says to me versus another. I just don't think it'd be appropriate. However, those dialogues with any particular shareholder are all within the context of Reg FD. And each one of them has a little bit different view of how the business should be run, where we should invest, what we shouldn't do. But I think everybody has an aligned view of we need to improve our earnings, we need to improve our returns and I'm totally aligned with that as you've heard in this call and as you've heard from many of our calls and we're very focused on that.
John E. McGlade: Let me just wrap up by saying our focus on increasing shareholder value remains unwavering and our future prospects are strong given our record project backlog and the significant leverage we have on our existing assets. I, and the whole team, thank you for joining us today. And have a great and safe day. Thank you, Whitney.
M. Scott Crocco: Thanks, John. Turning to Slide 4, let me now take you through our fiscal Q1 results. For the quarter, sales of $2.5 billion were flat excluding the PUI business. Overall, sales were 1% lower than prior year on slightly lower volumes and stable pricing, partially offset by higher energy passthrough. Volumes were higher in all segments except for Tonnage Gases. Last quarter, we told you that a significant number of our customers would have scheduled outages in 2014. The reduced volume you see in Tonnage is largely a result of this and was expected. Sequentially, overall sales decreased 2% on 3% weaker volumes. This was mainly due to seasonality in our Merchant Gases and Electronics and Performance Materials businesses and the outages in Tonnage. Operating income of $386 million increased 4% versus prior year on strong results in our Electronics and Performance Materials and Equipment and Energy business segments. Our operating margin of 15.1% was up 60 basis points versus prior year, primarily due to a more favorable business mix as higher volumes across most businesses were partially offset by Tonnage outages. Sequentially, operating income was down 8% and margin declined 120 basis points, primarily due to volume seasonality and higher costs driven by Tonnage maintenance outages. Net income and diluted earnings per share were up 4% and 3%, respectively, versus last year. Sequentially, net income and EPS were both down 9%. Our return on capital employed declined by 130 basis points to 9.9% as a result of our higher capital employed and the Indura acquisition. This remains well above our 8% cost of capital. As a reminder, we are developing, executing and operating good projects that will be accretive to ROCE over the next few years. Turning to Slide 5, you can see an overview of the factors that affected this quarter's performance in terms of earnings per share. Our continuing operations EPS of $1.34 increased by $0.04 versus last year. Volumes increased EPS by $0.12, driven by Merchant Gases, Electronics and Performance Materials and Equipment. The positive impact on profits was partially driven by mix, primarily the positive impact of more higher-margin sales of equipment business. Pricing, energy and raw materials taken together decreased EPS by $0.05, due primarily to higher variable cost in Merchant and Electronics and Performance Materials. Net cost performance was $0.01 unfavorable, primarily due to tonnage maintenance outages offsetting the benefit of our 2012 and 2013 cost reduction programs. Currency translation and foreign exchange was $0.01 unfavorable. Equity affiliate income was also $0.01 unfavorable. And lower interest expense was offset by higher shares outstanding. Overall, we delivered a good quarter, with earnings at the top end of our guidance range, based on strong execution and a more profitable business mix. Now for a review of our business segment results, I'll turn the call over to Simon.
M. Scott Crocco: Thanks, Simon. Now please turn to Slide 11, and let me provide you a brief summary of our outlook. Economic activity in the first quarter of 2014 was about as we expected in most regions. Given current economic conditions, we continue to be cautious with regard to economic growth in 2014, expecting modest growth throughout the year. Globally, for the regions we operate in, we are maintaining a manufacturing growth forecast of 2% to 4% for our fiscal year. In the U.S., while some policy uncertainty is reduced, important issues remain, including a congressional debt ceiling debate and potential changes to the speed of tapering and interest rate adjustments by the Federal Reserve. Any mistakes in fiscal or monetary policy could dampen growth. In Europe, weak growth conditions remain due to the continuation of austerity programs, restricted access to credit and high unemployment. While there is positive manufacturing growth in most European countries, we expect improvement to be moderate. In Asia, manufacturing growth in China and Japan has stabilized since recovering from a trough in the second half of FY '13. Other Asian markets, including Korea and Taiwan, continued underperforming. We expect a gradual acceleration of manufacturing growth to continue, led by China. In South America, manufacturing activity has been below expectations. As the larger markets of the global economy improve, especially China, we expect modest but improving conditions through increasing global trade. We expect electronics growth will begin to rebound in 2014 after 2 years of weakness. However, electronics on-site bidding activity remains slow. Outside electronics, our project development activity and contract signings continue to be strong, and we would not be surprised if we had new project announcements soon. Our FY '14 capital spending guidance remains unchanged at approximately $2 billion, similar to last year's CapEx spending level. Also, our backlog for the quarter remain unchanged at approximately $3.5 billion. You can see an updated list of our major projects in the Appendix, Slide 14. We are maintaining our EPS guidance range of $5.70 to $5.90 per share for the year. Our guidance for Q2 is for earnings per share of $1.32 to $1.37, based on the following factors: on the positive side, volume improvement in both Merchant and Performance Materials. We expect to see higher volumes in North America and Europe, partially offset by some softness in volumes in Asia due to the Lunar New Year and in South America due to the summer vacation season. No inventory revaluation and further progress on our cost reduction initiatives. Offsetting this sequential improvement in Tonnage Gases, profits are expected to decline due to higher maintenance spending as more of our refining customers begin taking their annual outages. Another sequential headwind impacting our Tonnage results will be our exit from the PUI business. And in Equipment and Energy, we expect lower profits in the second quarter based on project timing. Now let me turn the call back to John to wrap up.
M. Scott Crocco: Sure, Laurence. This is Scott. So first the question regarding the PUI. We look forward to next quarter. I think if I got your question right, looking at Q2 versus prior year, what do we think the headwind would be for PUI? I would put that at about $0.03 or so. I think that's also in line with what we would expect to see from the cost saving actions, both for the provision that we took here in the last quarter as well as the full year impact that we saw from the provision back in 2012. And just a comment on that, I just want to reemphasize that we are on budget and on track to deliver the benefits from those provisions. The second question I think you had was in terms of the customer negotiation. Let me just make a quick comment and I'll turn it over to John. I think from a -- first of all, in terms of projects, they're underway. There's been no project stoppage. Big projects sometimes get delayed, but there's no shutdown or anything like that. Maybe I'll turn it over to John for additional comments.
M. Scott Crocco: Right. So, Don, this is Scott. So absolutely, when we look at the incremental loading impact, we'd still put it at 35% incremental margin or so. It's just a matter of the timing from the raw material increases, principally from power and fuel. We recognize -- we're trying to work the pricing environment as always, balancing it with volume. Sometimes, there's a lag when we see the cost step up from the time when we take the pricing action. But we've seen the capacity utilization increase and we're getting those incremental margins we expected.
M. Scott Crocco: So I would say there's always going to be lumpiness as things come on and come off. And so we're trying to look at this on a total basis. We would expect it to be bouncing around a little bit, but roughly I would say 3.5 or so, maybe down a little bit just on the timing of when these things come onstream.
M. Scott Crocco: Sure. So let's think about it. Again, this is Scott. And let's think about it in terms of the things we've been talking about: loading the assets, bringing the projects on, and delivering on our productivity. So from an asset loading perspective, we continue to maintain our outlook from the economy, coupled with good signings that we've had. And so the combination of those 2 will see the asset loading continue. We continue to work to bring the projects on in the backlog. And as we said in the past, there'll be bigger impact in the back half of the year. And we're executing to the cost reduction program that we announced last quarter. So all of those things combined will translate into a robust second half of the year.
M. Scott Crocco: So some of the improvement that we've seen in electronics is driven by our delivery systems. And we also typically see a seasonal first half being a little bit weaker, second half being a little bit stronger. But I think we've focused our portfolio on the right products, materials and -- process materials and advanced materials. And in addition to the focus on volume growth, we're also taking the cost actions to get our portfolio where it needs to be long term.
M. Scott Crocco: Right, sure. So as John mentioned, I think I mentioned earlier, the second half is going to be a bigger impact from new projects coming onstream. Here in the first quarter, maybe we saw a few cents. However, we expect that to increase sequentially going forward.
M. Scott Crocco: So, David, this is Scott. So first of all, I just want to make sure as you're looking at it that you recognize there's the PUI divestiture.
M. Scott Crocco: And then once you adjust for that, I mean, the big impact has been the outages of our customers, and then we take our maintenance when they go down. And then going forward, we would actually expect to see a little bit of a step up in the second quarter as well from outages. And they had, as I think I mentioned in the call last quarter, we had a contract termination in Latin America as well. All those things contributing to volumes being down. That said, we are well positioned to grow in this part of the portfolio going forward.
M. Scott Crocco: There's always things that are bumping around in terms of headliners and so forth. I think as we said at the beginning of the fiscal year guidance was kind of manufacturing output for the eurozone to be in the 0 to 2%. And seeing sequential improvement, adjusting for seasonalities as we go forward, I think we've seen that, recognizing there's ebbs and flows and there's different strengths and weaknesses across the geographies. As well as acknowledging that from a LOX/LIN perspective, we've seen an increase, recognizing that we've seen more softness from the cylinder side as well, driven by construction.
M. Scott Crocco: Right. So this is Scott again, Jim. It's a good question. When we look across the portfolio, each of the different regions in the Merchant business, we've got solid signings, well up year-on-year. Team's done a very good job. If we all look at the different elements of the volume growth, and I'll take some broad brushes, largely applies to each of the different regions. We've seen the base volume growth in line with the economic environment that we're operating in. We've seen the impact from these signings. As we recall, we've seen improved signings now for some time and we're seen those volumes come onstream. And as we look at in a loss business, lost for any reason, including spot or seasonal activity, that's been in line with historical trends. And so overall, we feel good about the volumes that we've been able to deliver and we're focused on continuing to deliver profitable growth going forward.
M. Scott Crocco: Well, so -- and you saw I think we moved up both to the high 70s in both U.S., Canada and Europe. Recognize, these businesses are very, very local. We're looking in managing the situation in each of those different sub-geographies, and making sure we're striking a balance between price and volume and focus on long-term profitable growth going forward. So as those utilizations move up into the 80s, that will improve the pricing environment. Again, recognizing that this is a very, very local business and we're managing appropriately based off of all the sub-geographies.
M. Scott Crocco: No, obviously, this is really -- this is Scott. We had mentioned in the call last quarter that we had contract terminations. So that's where we're seeing impact to volumes there.
M. Scott Crocco: Yes. So obviously we're not in the business -- I'm not in the business of forecasting currencies. We're certainly not in the business of speculating on them. As we saw in our results this quarter, we saw the euro strengthening. We saw weaknesses in the Chilean peso, the Brazilian real, and I don't know where that's going to move going forward. Frankly, we're talking about just translation. And so it's going to be what it's going to be. What we are focused on is making sure in each of those different market, those local market that we understand the current business environment and we're driving profitable improvement.
M. Scott Crocco: The biggest impact -- Duffy, this is Scott. The biggest impact was the outages, with the smaller impact being the contract termination.
M. Scott Crocco: I think if we look back at the last few years, last several years, just the timing of when customers are taking the outage, this year's a little bit above average. And again as I mentioned before, we saw outages this quarter, we'd expect to see a little bit of a step up in the number of outages in the impact next quarter and then trailing off in both Q3 and Q4.
M. Scott Crocco: Yes. I mean, there's always different turnarounds. But I think at this point in time, as we look forward to where our customers are telling us they're going to take outages, we would be at a tailwind next year versus this year. Recognize, too, we've done a nice job growing this business over many decades and so as we get more hydrogen, more hydrogen plants, we're going to have more outages, right, as just we -- as we are bigger in this part of the portfolio.
M. Scott Crocco: Duffy, this is Scott again. This is just timing as we work through various projects. And so nothing major, it's just that the processing of the projects that are in backlog.
M. Scott Crocco: In general -- so just to be clear, we're always managing the price volume trade-off, right. In general, when we look at new opportunities, the price, depending on the subregions, might be a little lower than average and then you are able to work the price up over time. But let's just be clear. We're making sure that we are managing that combination, we're not dropping price simply to be able to load the facility.
M. Scott Crocco: Jeff, this is Scott. So maybe -- first of all, I wouldn't call the cost structure unusually high. But if we step back and think about the impact from the Tonnage outages, maybe in broad brush, kind of $0.05 or $0.06 from both the combination of higher maintenance expense that we saw as well as the impact from the volume. So the combination of those 2 are going to reduce the return. And again going forward, we expect to see continued outages and would see a step up from maintenance cost of another $0.03 or so going forward. And again, I'd reemphasize the other things going on in the portfolio, including PUI, which, accounting rules preclude us from putting in discontinued operations. But it's a wind down and, as Simon mentioned, we exited that business in December, but it's going to be a headwind both from a sales and from an earnings perspective. And so I think as we mentioned at the beginning of the year, PUI, I think we said about $0.10 headwind, really driven by the earnings that we saw last year and then having the full year impact in '14. Recognize we did have one quarter's worth of results here in this year.
M. Scott Crocco: So as I mentioned, so we've got the impact from our signings. We recognize the economy is going to be a factor, but what we've seen so far this year is consistent with our original guidance. You couple that economic environment with the signings and bringing those signings onstream. And I think you can see in the Merchant results from the loading perspective. We've seen those impacts. We also then, through the year, we're going to see the impact from the provision actions that we announced last quarter. And again that's broad brush across the Merchant business as well as restructuring actions we're taking inside of the Electronics business, as well as some corporate functions and then focus on bringing onstream the projects that are in backlog, good, profitable projects that when they come on will be accretive to earnings, return on capital, cash flow.
M. Scott Crocco: No, Vincent. This is Scott. No change from the -- for both from the guidance as well as the walk that we gave for you this day.
