Simon Moore: Thank you, James. Good morning, and welcome to Air Products' Fourth Quarter Earnings Teleconference. This is Simon Moore. Today, our CFO, Paul Huck, and I, will review our fiscal 2010 results and outlook for fiscal 2011. We issued our earnings release this morning. It is available on our website along with the slides for this teleconference. Please go to www.airproducts.com and click on the scrolling red banner to access the materials. Instructions for accessing the replay of this call beginning at 2 p.m. Eastern Time are also available on the website. Please turn to Slides 2 and 3. As always, today's teleconference will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations regarding important risk factors. Please review the information on these slides and at the end of today's earnings release explaining factors that may affect these expectations. Now I'll turn the call over to Paul for a review of our financials.
Simon Moore: And John, this is Simon. Maybe I could just add, too. In North America versus last year, LOX/LIN pricing was actually up. It was offset by a lower liquid hydrogen with the pass-through of the lower natural gas prices.
Simon Moore: Yes, sure. So I think, just to kind of frame out our  Electronics business, about three quarters or so of it is in the IC business; LCD, about 15%; and then the last 10% is made out of PV, LED. So the growth rates on the PV LED are quite high as they are coming off a relatively small base. But in terms of absolute growth, it's still the IC that drives the business primarily. Your second question, in terms of margins, I would say we don't see a substantial difference between pricing across the different industry segments. The customers that are in those are largely sophisticated, and so we have fairly similar pricing across the different segments.
Simon Moore: Yes, so with pricing being similar, I was really commenting that margins are fairly similar across those segments.
Simon Moore: So we saw fairly steady consistent growth in our volumes through this time period and through the last quarter. And that's where our customers are telling us they're going to continue to operate. They're operating rates are in the 90s, expected to stay there. And a couple of things that have come out recently, of course, everybody knows this, we've been talking about hand-helds driving particularly the memory market. I'm sure everybody saw that for Apple, although their Mac sales on units were up 27% year-over-year, they still sold more iPads that last quarter than they sold Macs. So again, the concept that the hand-held devices are not necessarily replacing PC sales, but they are complementary in bringing in  additional demand. As another example, TSMC, the Taiwan foundry, announced the month-to-month sales increase in September. So just a little flavor to help you see what we're seeing there.
Simon Moore: So Paul, good question on Electronics, maybe just clarify what I said before, right? So together, PV LED make up less than 10% of our sales, so just to clarify that in the Electronics side and. We are absolutely excited about the growth in the LED market. As you saw, we announced the industry's first large on-site spec gas plant for Sanan for LED in China. So we think the dynamics of the world being more interested in energy efficiency will drive LED demand overall. And China, clearly, has identified LED as an industry they would like to promote in-house. So we think that's a good opportunity. To be fair, though, it's a modest size part of our portfolio right now. And while it will have strong growth rates, the overall business is still very dependent on IC.
Simon Moore: Sure. So yes, I mean, we were very pleased, quite frankly, to show positive pricing moves in Asia. As you know, as you look back a little bit of history, that hasn't been the case. It was the case last quarter. So we're pleased by that. At the same time, we continue to invest for the growth in Asia. And we bring on new projects in Asia. We have a fair number of projects coming on. So bottom line is we're pleased by the pricing that we're able to secure in the marketplace in Asia.
Simon Moore: But having said that, of course, we will time our outages with our customers outages to take advantage of that opportunity, obviously.
Simon Moore: And Kevin, our goal, certainly, is to hit 17% for the full year for next year. And then when we're optimistic we'll be successful doing that, we'll look to reset some longer-term targets at that time.
Simon Moore: So I mean, think we generally talk about the energy cost being in the range of 1/3 of the cost there, so it could be in that sort of range. Again, remember, on the Merchant business, it's not quite as quick as it is on the Tonnage business, the pass-through. There is some lag there, that's why you see some different things on a time basis.
Simon Moore: Thanks, James. Please go to our website to access a replay of this call beginning at 2 p.m. today. Thank you for joining us, and have a nice day.
Paul Huck: The big impact is gas there, Jeff. Gas is down about $1, when you look at it. So the volumes are up. But if we look at that, the gas from quarter two to quarter four is down $1. We've pass the natural gas through, as you know.
Paul Huck: Our volumes are up. Our volumes were up in there. I mean, but the big impact on sales, if you're looking at the revenue delta, which I think is what you're trying to look at it here, is that gas gets passed through in the revenue line to our customers.
Paul Huck: We think the pension contribution is probably going to be about $250 million or so. And the bulk of it, we're going to do in quarter one.
Paul Huck: We have not disclosed the cost of the pipeline for people. And people could do an estimate, if they care to because of the length of it. But we do not like to disclose the cost of our projects on that. And it will get spent over the next two years or so as far as timing is concerned.
Paul Huck: John, if you look at the fourth quarter, it certainly is the strongest quarter from a volume standpoint in the business. We normally see a seasonal slowdown towards the end of quarter one of our fiscal year and then into quarter two caused by the holiday season, first around Christmas and then the holidays in Asia in the second quarter. So we normally see it depends whether you actually do see a real volume decline, and we probably will see some volumes decline in this, and then pick up again in the third quarter and the fourth quarter.
Paul Huck: And actually I consider that to be a good thing in that we haven't seen the price erosion here because of the operating rates. I think need you need to see the operating rates and get above the 85% or so place before you're going to see a growth in price.
Paul Huck: Yes, and it has a good return on it. The return is generated in two areas, John. First off, if you think about the sales, increased sales, and we will be able to sell more the product just because we have in the connection with the systems. So we now have the best supply system, bar none, in the Gulf Coast. We're certainly the broadest here. So our reach to customers is, by far, the best. And our ability to deliver to those customers is, by far, the best. So we would expect to see an increase in sales on that. The second aspect is that we are also going to be able to source the product a lot better. We're going able to pick and get to the lowest-cost source for us to go out and generate the hydrogen and optimize the plants across the systems. So we think that it's a combination of cost and revenue but those both those give us a very nice return on the project, if you just look at the amount of investment required there.
Paul Huck: And we expect an impact, as I said before, Mike. First on the new plants, which we brought on-stream into '10 and '11, probably, which impact about $0.30 to $0.40 a share. And then the other thing is that we will also load the existing asset base which we have, which will probably generate another $0.30 to $0.40 a share also for us.
Paul Huck: On a volume growth basis, we don't run indices on this, Mike, so I'll give you an estimate. I think it's probably 8% to 9%.
Paul Huck: It jumps around a lot on the individual quarters. I don't know about that, Mike. If I had to guess right now, I would think of that, that growth is pretty steady across the year. And the reason why is that Electronics ran hard in Q1 of our 2010. And we think of that we're more likely to see now that of production has gone up, that is not going to run and more likely to take a drop in production rates over the December-through-February time frame. But we're still seeing -- we have more fabs on-stream, the fabs are running harder than what they are running a year ago. So we still are looking for a good set of volumes in our Electronics business in quarter one.
Paul Huck: Okay. First, on the leverage comment, it's about 35%, Don, on sales. But as far as pricing power is concerned and if you look at -- and the increase, its early, obviously, because we're still in the first month. But so far, things are going well. And as people know, it isn't across every customer who gets the same price increase. So we think we're going to be successful in the goals which we have for that. The other thing, which you know, is that new business which we're signing is coming in below the average price today. And we've said that before we, and that's normal for the way in which we're operating at this point, with the operating rates that we have. And we will take those prices up over time on the price increases. And they will be the targets of us going out and increasing in the future.
Paul Huck: Yes, as far as prices are flat overall, the thing that we look at, Don, is that we actually look at the conversion margin of our business. And so what our goal is to get a positive increase in conversion margin in this year, which is the price less the variable cost to produce and deliver, and get that number contributing in a positive way to our fiscal '11 results. So that's our goal for this year. And we think the actions which we're taking are going to be effective there.
Paul Huck: I'll let Simon answer the Electronics question under the Edmonton pipeline. And we're close to sold-out on that pipeline right now.
Paul Huck: Yes, and the business starts to slow down in the September time frame because the construction in the north tends to go out. And so the inventory builds -- and people tend to start to take the inventory down of their products here on the construction markets, which they serve.
Paul Huck: Yes, and we think that it takes three years for us to get through the trough and the return on capital, Laurence.
Paul Huck: In the market, as far as helium is concerned, and the supply and demand goes up and down because of some plants which have had production issues in the Middle East, principally. But it's pretty much in balance right now. And pricing is okay. Electronics drives a lot of demand of helium.
Paul Huck: Well, we certainly are going to look for -- and to drive the margin higher. If you look at natural gas, when we put it out, we said that a gas price of $6 was in the assumption. At this time, gas is $4.35, $4.50 or so in quarter four. So that had a slight help on the margin. But it has a bigger impact on the On-site business, on that business. It doesn't have as big impact on the company obviously, for us. So it's still a good margin for us.
Paul Huck: And for us, I think if you do look at Q1, I think, and the margin is going to decline a little bit for us because the factors on the cutdown in production in Electronics and Performance Materials, so as the volumes pull back there and also the on-site spending on the turns in the Tonnage Gas business, so we have that as a little drag on margins. We are going from quarter four to quarter one. We have that every year. We see that every year.
Paul Huck: Yes, we do it in China. We have not seen Yindee [ph] buying any plants today, although I'm sure that they are trying to do those things and look at those opportunity because a thing which we do, Mark, is we look for us to go out and buy a plant from someone. What we want is the ability to invest again at that site. And what I don't want is just go in and finance that plant for that person. I'd like to be able to go in and expand the site for us and give us opportunity to invest more.
Paul Huck: Yes, and we can do this at the top price which we are willing to pay for this and do it with all debt. So the strategy has not changed any there. We're not going to need to raise equity and we'd remain in the investment grade, and that's a BBB.
Paul Huck: No, it has not changed, Bob. I think everyone is looking still for a good return on that. The only people who've said, "Well, I'm going to take advantage of the fact that rates are low, et cetera, and finance a plant real cheap on those things," --on the competition, we always have that competition. But we have not seen anyone really out there doing anything, which we think destroys the opportunities for us investing.
Paul Huck: And yes, John, the Packaged Gas business does lag. The volumes in that business were down for us as we looked at this year-over-year. And that's a business which depends upon people really starting to invest again, and we aren't predicting that to happen until late 2011.
Paul Huck: Yes, Ed. And that's caused by the mix of the business in the LNG and the Air Separation units. The Air Separation units, which we sell, have a lot of equipment which we buy in and we don't put up a markup on. But it's run through our sales. LNG, we make the exchanges, we do the process design, it's 100% value added. And the margin in the LNG business are a lot higher than on the Air Separation business. So if you'll just look at 2009 to 2010, the 2009, the mix of the business was a lot more on the Air Separation plant side than on the LNG side and it reversed in 2010, a lot more on the LNG side. And we would expect in 2011 for the bulk of our profits to come from the LNG side also.
Paul Huck: Yes, in the quarter, if we look against prior year and the volumes on the refinery side were up a little bit for us and about flat same-store sales.
