Simon Moore: Thank you, Leanne. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products’ First Quarter 2020 Earnings Results Teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I’m pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. After our comments, we’ll be pleased to take your questions. Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website at airproducts.com. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our earnings release and on Slide 2. In addition, throughout today’s discussion, we will refer to various financial measures. Unless we specifically state otherwise, we are referring to adjusted non-GAAP measures, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin on both a company-wide and segment basis and ROCE. Reconciliations can be found on our website in the Relevant Earnings Release section. Now I’m pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.
Simon Moore: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide 17 for a review of our Europe, Middle East and Africa results. Our EMEA business continued to generate strong price, volume and profit growth despite the challenging economic conditions in the region. Volume was up 6%, primarily driven by increased hydrogen volumes in our Rotterdam pipeline system and the CO2 business we acquired last year, while base merchant business volume remains stable. Price increased 3% with improvement across all major products and subregions. This is the eighth consecutive quarter of year-on-year price improvement. Sales were negatively impacted by 8% from the India contract change, 4% from lower energy pass-through and 2% from unfavorable currency. As Scott mentioned, the India contract was modified in December of 2018, so this is the last quarter we will see a year-on-year impact. EBITDA of $188 million was up 14% supported by the strong price and volume. And EBITDA margin of nearly 38% improved over 600 basis points. The India contract change in lower energy pass-through contributed about 400 basis points of this improvement. Now please turn to Slide 18, Global Gases, which includes our non-LNG sales equipment businesses as well as central industrial gas costs. Other project activities offset the expected lower results from the successful Jazan ASU sale of equipment project. However, we don’t expect these other project activities to continue at this level. Please turn to Slide 19. Corporate segment, which includes LNG and other businesses as well as our corporate costs. Sales were higher this quarter, supported by contributions from the Golden Pass LNG project. Profits were flat as the improved contribution from LNG was offset by higher corporate costs as we continue to build our capabilities and strengthen our organization to successfully pursue our significant growth opportunities. Sequentially, results were down as LNG had a lower quarter on normal sale of equipment profit timing, and we saw relatively higher costs, including incentive compensation. We remain very optimistic about additional LNG orders since our technology has been selected for several major projects around the world that are awaiting final investment decisions or final agreements with our customers. Now I’m pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a discussion of our outlook.
Simon Moore: Sure. Jonas, sorry if we miscommunicated. I think our CapEx guidance, our expected spending for the year has not changed, quite frankly. You could also expect that when we give you CapEx guidance, it may include projects that haven’t yet been announced but we’re highly confident about. I would also just add the Gulf Coast Ammonia we just announced that there wouldn’t be a huge amount of spending in this fiscal year anyway.
Simon Moore: Sure. So obviously, we continue to spend money on projects that continue to come on stream and so that numbers come up a little bit
Simon Moore: And Jonas, I guess, I would just point to the fact that when we give you a backlog number, it may include at times projects that we haven’t announced yet if we’re highly certain of them.
Scott Crocco: Thank you very much Seifi. Now please turn to Slide 11 for our first quarter results. Our team delivered another strong start to the year. Volume and price together increased 9% and were up in all three regions. We delivered double-digit profit growth despite the soft economic activity around the world. Sales grew modestly to $2.3 billion as strong underlying sales were offset by 5% lower energy pass-through and 2% due to the India contract modification. The India contract was modified in December 2018. So this is the last quarter we will see a year-on-year impact. Weaker foreign currencies, primarily the Chinese RMB and euro lowered sales by another 1%. Volume growth of 6% was primarily driven by modest base business growth, new plants, acquisitions and a short-term contract in Asia. Price was up 3%, the 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year price increase. EBITDA topped $900 million, up 14%, and EPS of $2.14 was up 15%. EBITDA margin was over 40%, the third consecutive quarter exceeding the 40% mark, up 460 basis points, primarily driven by the higher price and the strong volumes. Lower energy pass-through and the India contract modification contributed about half of the margin increase. Sequentially, profits are down, primarily on seasonality in the regions and incentive compensation adjustments primarily in our corporate segment. ROCE continues to improve up 100 basis points over last year. We are pleased with the almost 300 basis point improvement since 2015 and we anticipate further improvement as we increase earnings and deploy more of the cash on our balance sheet. Now please turn to Slide 12. Our fourth quarter EPS of $2.14 was up $0.28 per share or 15% driven by strong operating performance. Volume and price together contributed $0.40, cost was unfavorable $0.12 as we continued to invest in business development and R&D resources to support our growth strategy. Equity affiliate income was favorable $0.02, while non-controlling interest was unfavorable $0.02. The non-operating factors in total have no net impact this quarter. Our effective tax rate of 19.8% was up 80 basis points from last year. We continue to expect an effective tax rate of 20% to 21% in fiscal year 2020. Interest expense was $0.07 lower this quarter as we paid off a bond last quarter and adopted new accounting guidance that moves about $9 million per quarter from interest expense to non-operating expense. Now please turn to Slide 13. We continue to generate strong cash flow. For the last 12 months, we generated over $2.7 billion or $12.30 per share of distributable cash flow. From this distributable cash flow, we paid almost 40% or $1 billion as dividends to our shareholders and still have about $1.7 billion available for high return industrial gas investments. As Seifi mentioned, this strong cash flow enables us to continue to create shareholder value through increasing dividends and capital deployment. Slide number 14 provides an update on our capital deployment progress. As you can see, we now show over $18 billion of investment capacity available over the five year period from FY2018 through FY2022. As expected, our total capacity continues to grow as we increase EBITDA. The over $18 billion includes almost $10 billion of additional debt capacity available today, almost $5 billion of investable cash flow between now and the end of FY2022 and over $3 billion already spent. We will continue to focus on managing our debt balance to maintain our current targeted A/A2 rating. Today we have a total of about $8 billion of project and M&A commitments with about $7 billion remaining to spend on them. So you can see, we have already spent 20% and already committed well over half of our total available capacity. Now to begin the review of our business segment results, I’ll turn the call back over to Seifi.
Scott Crocco: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, P.J. Our DSO was about 52 days. So we’re in good shape, and we constantly monitor that. What you’re seeing this quarter is really driven by the timing between our SOE opportunities and some of the timing difference between when we’re booking earnings versus the collection of cash. So nothing systemic, and we’ll see that bounce around. So – but thanks for the question.
Scott Crocco: I just want to build on it and already, if you take a look at our cash on hand, if you were to look at it on a net debt basis, net of the cash, it’s already almost 16% roughly.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, again, Simon. Now please turn to Slide 20. As you all know, and it’s pretty obvious, we continue to live in an uncertain world that we at Air Products cannot control. But we do have control over the actions Air Products can take to succeed in a dynamic and changing world. We have a strong, capable and flexible organization that remains focused on productivity and creating our own growth opportunities, which will allow us to continue to deliver on our promise to investors. Despite this uncertainty, there is no change in our fiscal year 2020 EPS guidance of $9.35 to $9.60, which is up 14% to 17% over our strong fiscal year 2019 performance. As we continue to expect our fiscal – we continue to expect our fiscal year 2020 CapEx to be in the range of $4 billion to $4.5 billion. For second quarter of fiscal year 2020, our earnings per share guidance is $2.10 to $2.20, which at midpoint is up 12% versus last year. Now please turn to Slide 21. At midpoint, our fiscal year 2020 guidance represents six consecutive years of double-digit earnings growth and 14% average earnings per share growth over this time. Thanks to the great team at Air Products, we continue to deliver on our commitments. Our team around the world continues to be very optimistic about the future of Air Products. Our Five-Point strategic plan will differentiate us and drive our success going forward. Our safety, productivity and operating performance provide the foundation for our continued growth. We have the financial capacity, the technical position and the talent to take a full advantage of our exciting opportunities, and I’d like to stress that we see – we do see a lot of exciting opportunities ahead of us. And finally, please turn to Slide 22. As always, our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate our strong performance. I want to thank all of our 17,000 people around the world for their commitment and hard work and for embracing the opportunities in front of us with energy and a spirit of working together. I certainly am proud to be part of this winning team. With that, now we are delighted to answer any questions that you might have.
Seifi Ghasemi: We would prefer not to get into that detail, Jeff. Because that is obviously a very significant competitive information, and we usually do not disclose that. I’m sorry about that. But hope you bear with us that we want to stick with that policy.
Seifi Ghasemi: Jeff, you make a very good point. As you notice from our results, our cost, I mean, if you focus on the cost, you see increasing cost. That’s not because we have become less efficient. That is because we are building the organization in anticipation of executing these projects. So you are very correct that we will see, as you are seeing, some increase in cost. It is not that significant, but it is there, and you’re very – it’s very appropriate for you to point that out.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the expenditures are in two aspects. One is, obviously, R&D expenditure, which is you kind of know about how much we are spending, it is not that huge. But the other thing is actually hiring very high quality, experienced people to oversee the execution of these projects that we expect to get. We don’t want to get the projects and then look for talent. We are putting the talent in place in anticipation of those projects, which we are sure will happen. So a significant part of the cost is the hiring and onboarding of all of these people, and there is a substantial number of people that we have brought in, especially to strengthen our technology section and our project execution capability.
Seifi Ghasemi: That’s an excellent question. We obviously take a lot of different factors into consideration when we decide on the dividend. It’s not just 2.5% of the stock price, but it’s also our cash flow. I think you should expect that we would continue to give approximately half of our free cash flow as dividends. That has been kind of one guidance, and obviously, a percentage of the share price is another part. I personally think that we should continue to pay a very healthy dividend, something which is in the order of 2.5% of our share price and also about half of our free cash. So this year, I mean, we are increasing it 15%. It would have been ridiculous if we had to start right now and we can’t anticipate what the share price will be. So we make the decision based on a lot of different factors that’s in – but overall guidance, about half of our free cash or about 2.5% of the share price.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Kevin. Excellent question. In terms of breaking down between organic growth and new projects, our basic approach has been not to disclose that detail. But I would like to specifically answer your second question. We obviously beat the forecast. The reason for that is that the economic growth in Asia was better than we expected. The economic growth in Europe didn’t become as bad as we expected because of Brexit. And in the U.S., there was not much of a change, and Latin America continues to be a disaster. So overall, as we go forward, we are now a little bit more optimistic about Asia. Obviously, in the second quarter, you have the Lunar New Year and that dampens the growth, but we expect that to continue as we go forward in the other quarters. And I’m hoping that things will kind of stabilize in Europe and in the U.S. But that’s kind of how we see the thing.
Seifi Ghasemi: Chris, we have recognized and made carbon capture a priority for the company five years ago. That is the future. That is a necessity in order to deal with the global warming. And I am very happy to see that responsible people are now actually talking about it. Hopefully, we were ahead of the game. We have been working on different technologies on this. The first thing is that we do have the technology to capture carbon from hydrogen plants and I think gasifiers and so on for enhanced oil recovery. We do have a commercial scale plant operating in Port Arthur. It’s one of the biggest in the world, and we capture the CO2 and put it in the pipeline there for enhanced oil recovery. That kind of projects you should expect that we will do on a very large-scale around the world. The second thing is sequestration. We have developed technologies on that and we are working on that. And hopefully, in time, we will be able to announce the kind of commercial projects that we are doing. The third and most exciting thing is some new technologies that we are developing. And in respect to carbon capture in a different way, I don’t want to go through the details of that because I don’t think it’s appropriate at this stage. We are laser-focused on carbon capture. If you look at our annual report, and we make it very clear, we say gasification today, carbon capture tomorrow and hydrogen for mobility the day after tomorrow. So, those are the priorities of our company, and we are obviously trying to be the leader on that, the same way that we became the leader in gasification.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, good morning, John. Hope all is well. We continue to be optimistic about that. We did announce the coal gasification project, as I’m sure you saw, and we expect to announce some more in the years to come. We are working on Juitai. We announced Debang and there are other projects. We don’t see any slowdown on that, and we are very optimistic about that, John.
Seifi Ghasemi: But John, I think it is not a secret that supply-demand situation in helium is challenging. Basically, there is not enough supply to meet the demand. And obviously, that has had an effect on the commercial value of helium. And you can – and you are seeing that in our results. In terms of 2020, I think that situation will continue, and it is quite possible that, that situation will continue for a few years to come. I don’t want to anticipate that because it depends on the performance of the current sources or bringing on a stream of some other sources. But helium has such a small number of sources and so on. So, it’s very transparent about what’s going on. There are not that many places that produce helium. So it’s very easy for investors and people like yourself to figure out what’s going on.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes. There is no additional update. I’ve always mentioned that, that project is a big project. We signed the Memorandum of Understanding in November of 2017 when the President was visiting China. That project is moving very slowly. Some of it is our fault. I have explained that, that we want to make sure that there is coal allocation before we go and invest $1.5 billion of our money there. So I think you should expect a slow progress on that project.
Seifi Ghasemi: Merchant price increases are the way we see it. Americas is about 7%, Europe is about 5%, and Asia is 10%.
Seifi Ghasemi: We usually don’t disclose that detail, but since you asked the question, David, I had to answer you.
Seifi Ghasemi: Order of magnitude, your math is correct, and we expect the margins to – sorry, the margins to continue to be in the range that you mentioned. But as we do these bigger projects that will improve. That has – that will have a positive effect on those margins. Sorry, I’m losing my voice a little bit. But – so overall, you should expect that our margins will stay at around 38%, 37% to 40%, 49% – I mean, 39%, 40%, around that range.
Seifi Ghasemi: It is a small contribution that we actually had, but it’s not material and it’s not going to change things that much.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes. Number one, I think, as Scott mentioned in his comments that we expect a higher maintenance cost in the second quarter because of the timing. But for the year, we expect our maintenance cost to be what number that we have discussed with you before, which is order of magnitude $250 million, $260 million a year. With respect to hydrogen demand, it is not huge, but we do see some effect because of the IMO 2020 that people need more hydrogen in order to clean up the fuel.
Seifi Ghasemi: I’d like Scott to answer that, but while he is kind of pulling his stats together. And obviously, you know that the reason for that is because we expect a big chunk of capital expenditure because of Jazan when we close. So that is one of the reasons that the number kind of looks, hey, this quarter, it was this, and suddenly, it’s going to go up. That is because of Jazan. In terms of the effect, in terms of our tax, I don’t think it is material, but I’d like Scott to comment on that.
Seifi Ghasemi: We feel optimistic about that. You obviously appreciate the nature of the industry, and we don’t want to comment on pricing. So I don’t want to say too much, but we continue to think that there is a good supply-demand situation that, that kind of pricing will continue.
Seifi Ghasemi: Jim, that’s a good question. We have always said that our target is 15%. So we would like to get it to 15% and I think in time, we will get there. Actually, as we spend more cash, that number will go up because the way we calculate the return, it includes the cash. So if tomorrow, we spent all the cash on projects that number will enhance. Other people don’t include the cash because – so as a result of that, I mean, you understand the dynamics of the top of the line and the bottom of the line. But fundamentally, we are looking forward to increasing that number to 15%. And Scott has a comment that he wants to add.
Seifi Ghasemi: I don’t want to claim that we have not had any market share loss, but it has not been significant or material, but we might have some. When – we were very open about this thing in February of last year when we said year when we said that we are – we need to recover some of our cost as we said before we expect and we are going to – willing to live with market share loss, but we have not seen a significant one, but there might be some here and there. I don’t want to claim we haven’t lost anything. But it isn’t anything that would force us to change our strategy.
Seifi Ghasemi: John, you really do your homework, John. I’m very impressed that you are providing that detail, a lot of credit to you. It is rounding down. It is actually up sequential.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that when we give you the guidance, obviously, we need to look at everything. And we debated this thing quite a bit yesterday, quite honestly. And that is the dynamic of the Lunar New Year, which we always – we don’t know exactly how it will work out. And then there is obviously the headline in the papers that you see about this virus thing. So how would that develop and how the effect of that. That is why we decided to take the two into consideration and expand the range. We usually give you guidance within $0.05. This time we are giving you guidance within $0.10. So that is our thinking right now, that’s our best judgment.
Seifi Ghasemi: No. I don’t think anything has fall out. Simon does these numbers in detail. So Simon, would you like to comment, please.
Seifi Ghasemi: It’s because some of the projects have come on stream, and when they come on stream, they are taken off of the – off of what we say as backlog.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, it’s becoming – we need to put everything together. But obviously, this quarter, our results are better than expectation. We had told you $205 million to $210 million and we delivered $214 million. So as a result, we felt better about our base business, and therefore, but there are – the timing of the Jazan thing. So at the end of the day, we made the judgment that overall we should be able to meet our commitment.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well. Thank you for asking that question because I wanted to brag about it a little bit, quite honestly. We have had a very positive experience. Number one, our expectation of the amount of time that we can keep the project online when we started and people will tell you gasifiers or something like 85%, 86%, we have had those gasifiers online for more than 95% of the time. So that is very good news. The second thing is that in terms of financial performance is exactly as we thought. And the third thing is that we have learned a lot by operating these shared gasifiers first hand. And we are seeing some positive impacts that we will incorporate in the future projects. And I’m also very proud of our people that we gave them this and we had to put in something like 500 new people on this thing. We have operated this thing, knocking on board very safely and very efficiently. So it has been a very positive experience, and it significantly has increased our confidence in taking on new projects.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes, we do. And we already do that. We have the capability and we are pursuing projects in that – of that nature.
Seifi Ghasemi: I think that the world is moving toward green hydrogen. And green hydrogen is obviously using solar and then electrolysis of water to produce hydrogen. We think that is the future and a significant number of projects will be done in that way. And that is where we are building our capability. You are very right, that is the future. We definitely think that is the future. Yes, ammonia thing is obviously a special issue, which is transportation of hydrogen. But you should think that people would use solar in order to make green hydrogen and then take that green hydrogen converted to ammonia and then send it to Japan.
Seifi Ghasemi: I think all of these questions that you’re asking in terms of the carbon capture and so on depends on the location that we are – you are and which part of the world you are and what are the incentives and all of that. So it will be difficult to give you a general answer. With respect to your first question, with respect to – I do not see any drag on our results next year as a result of the project. So I’m not sure I fully understood your question. We expect that for 2021 our EPS will grow another 10% versus 2020. We don’t expect any deceleration.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you very much. With that, I think that was the last question that people have signed up for. So I would like to thank everybody for being on our call. Thanks for taking time from your very busiest schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. In the meantime, have a great day, and have a nice quarter and expect some good results from Air Products when we announce our results next quarter. Thanks, again. Have a nice day.
