Michael Scott Crocco: Thank you very much, Seifi. Please turn to slide 11 for our Q2 results. Sales of $2.2 billion increased 9% versus last year on 4% higher volumes and 5% higher currency. We saw volume increases across all three regions, partially offset by lower activity from the Jazan project in Global Gases. Excluding Jazan, volumes were up 10% with about half from new plants. Pricing was up 1% primarily driven by the China merchant business. Positive currency was driven by the euro, British pound, and the Chinese RMB. EBITDA of $739 million improved by 13%, driven by the higher volumes, positive pricing and currency. EBITDA margin of 34.3% was up 140 basis points, primarily on the higher volumes. Sequential volumes were down and margins were up due to the plant sale in China last quarter. Net income and adjusted earnings per share both increased by 20% versus prior year. ROCE of 11.8% declined 50 basis points versus last year despite the profit increase. This is because the denominator of the ROCE calculation increased as a result of the gain from the PMD sale. The denominator is based on a five-quarter average. Q2 FY 2018 includes five quarters that include the PMD gain, while Q2 FY 2017 only had one quarter with the PMD gain. Please turn to slide 12. We had one non-GAAP item this quarter, as we recognized an income tax benefit of $39 million due to the restructuring of select foreign subsidiaries. Our adjusted Q2 continuing operations EPS of $1.71 increased $0.28 or 20% versus last year. Overall, higher volumes increased EPS by $0.12 per share. Price and raw materials taken together increased EPS by $0.02. Net cost performance was unfavorable $0.06 as productivity was offset by a few factors including inflation, higher incentive compensation, a legal settlement and the end of a cost reimbursement for our Port Arthur CO2 project. In addition, as you would expect, we are incurring higher costs associated with the exciting growth opportunities we are pursuing. Finally, as I mentioned previously, this cost major factor includes the Transition Service Agreements or TSAs we had been providing to both Evonik and Versum. The Evonik TSA ended in Q1 and the Versum TSA ended in Q2. We did take actions to reduce the costs associated with providing these services. But as expected, we saw a small timing gap in Q2. Going forward, we don't expect to see any impact from the TSAs. Currency and foreign exchange was $0.09 favorable primarily due to the euro, British pound and the Chinese RMB. Equity affiliate income added $0.03 due to currency and underlying strength across several of our JVs, particularly Mexico. The overall tax rate was a $0.09 benefit versus last year. As expected, the lower tax rate due to the new Tax Act increased EPS by about $0.06 per share. The other $0.03 was due to geographical earnings mix and a larger impact from accounting for share-based compensation. For the full year 2018, we expect to see a tax rate of approximately 20%, including the benefit of the new Tax Act. Non-controlling interest, interest expense, shares outstanding and other non-operating income totaled $0.01 unfavorable. Now, please turn to slide 13. We had another strong cash flow quarter in Q2 with over $500 million of distributable cash flow and investible cash flow was up almost $150 million to a total of $300 million. Investible cash flow is the amount of cash we have discretion or choice to deploy to create shareholder value. In other words, cash available after we pay interest, taxes, maintenance CapEx, and dividends. There were two quarters investible cash flow is almost $650 million. Turning to slide 14, I would like to update you on the capital deployment capacity that we have available for major projects and acquisitions. We have about $3 billion of cash and short-term investments available to invest as of March 31. Our debt balance as of March 31 is about $3.5 billion. As you know, we have an active dialogue with the rating agencies and are committed to managing our debt balance to maintain our current targeted A/A2 rating. At this point, we believe this should enable a debt level of at least 2.5 times EBITDA or about $7.5 billion. This provides about $4 billion of debt capacity to invest. So, in total, we have about $7 billion we can deploy today, while maintaining our A/A2 rating. In addition, we expect to generate over $1 billion per year of investible cash. Again, that's after paying taxes, interest, maintenance CapEx and dividends. So, over the next five years, we expect to have at least $13 billion available to invest which does not include leverage above 2.5 times or extra capacity from investing in profitable projects. Now, to begin the review of our business segment results, I'll turn the call over to Corning.
Michael Scott Crocco: Sure. As you pointed out, we had good performance on the base business across each of the geographies, fundamental improvements. And who knows what the future holds, but we feel as though the loadings will continue to improve. I think it's been mentioned in the past, we've been in Asia, we're in the low-80% capacity utilization and in Europe we've crept up to upper-70s, so that's improved as well. So, we feel very good about what we see in this quarter and are cautiously optimistic about the outlook.
Michael Scott Crocco: Was part of a restructuring of a acquisition that we did some time ago when we moved some legal entities and were able to get that sort of a benefit. And so, as I mentioned, some foreign subsidiaries, we made some adjustments that contributed to that.
Michael Scott Crocco: ...everybody that's, of course, an equity affiliate for us, so you wouldn't actually see the volume in our reported numbers.
Michael Scott Crocco: Sure, sure. So let me take you through – thanks for the question, let me take you through. So, as we've mentioned this quarter we had versus prior year, currency impact of $0.09. And at a higher level, that's the euro is at RMB 0.03 and the pound is at RMB 0.02, and then everything else makes up for the remainder of about $0.02. That's on top of what we had last quarter of about $0.06. And as you know what we end up doing is we just moved sideways from wherever the latest rates are. So when we look forward now for the full year, currency would be kind of more on the closer to the $0.25, we had previously said maybe $0.10 to $0.15, but just on what's developed, it's more like $0.25. Let me also just for everybody, just to reiterate a couple of sensitivities that we try to provide you. So, first grounded in the – these are transactional exposure rates, there's no economics. It's just doing a mathematic – I'm sorry, translational exposure, it's just mathematics to bring it back into U.S. dollars. So, for the euro, a 10% swing of the euro is about $0.09 per year, EPS same with an RMB, 10% swing is about $0.09; and then the pound, the Korean won, the Tai dollar and the Canadian dollar, each individually would be about $0.03 to $0.04 on an annual basis EPS if there's a 10% swing. So I wanted to take you through that a little bit and share with you not only what we're seeing and projection for the year, but also the sensitivities. So, hopefully, that's helped.
Michael Scott Crocco: Bob, we are raising by 8% our guidance. So we were at 7.15% to 7.35%; now we are at 7.25% to 7.40%. So we have increased the bottom of our estimate by at least $0.10. So, as we go forward, obviously it's very difficult to predict exactly what the economy does. We are seeing a positive momentum and obviously at the end of next quarter if things are positive, we will increase our guidance. But at this time we thought it's prudent to stay where we are, but we have given you all of the elements. But you can make a judgment about where we are conservative and where we are not.
Michael Scott Crocco: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. And just back to my prepared remarks. So as part of the gain that we had, almost $2 billion in PMD that goes into the base of that calculation, that dilutes the ROCE calculation about 200 basis points. So that's my comment around – just the mathematics as it comes for five quarters in the denominator associated with the gain that we booked last year in PMD on the increment, so that's the math of that.
Michael Scott Crocco: Back to your basic question, around 10% minimum after-tax internal rate of return on all these projects and as those are done and as they come out of the backlog and start contributing, that will be accretive to the return on capital as well.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you again, Simon. Let me take a few moment to talk about Air Products' exciting future. Our team that are on the board feels very proud of what we have achieved in the last few years. Our safety, productivity and operating performance continue to provide us the opportunity to build on our success. As I said before, we now have the balance sheet and the organization to aggressively pursue growth. We remain very optimistic about Air Products future. While we cannot predict or control worldwide political or economic developments, we do have control over the operational performance and growth of Air Products and we are confident that we will continue to deliver on our commitments. As Scott discussed, our very strong balance sheet and cash flow provide us the capacity to invest at least $13 billion over the next five years. I continue to believe that we will be able to develop when and execute projects in our core Industrial Gas business, so that we can deploy all of this capital in the next five years. We continue to see great opportunities in mergers and acquisitions, asset buybacks and large new projects as well as significant number of more typical industrial gas projects. Now, please turn to slide number 20. We are all working very hard every day to be the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world providing excellent service to our customers. Continuing our positive momentum, we have again increased our guidance for the year to a range of $7.25 to $7.40 per share, at midpoint this is up $0.08 from the guidance we gave you last quarter, in part due to the closing of the Lu'An project. Our new guidance represents 15% to 17% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2017 performance. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitments to grow EPS by at least 10% each year in the foreseeable future. For quarter three of fiscal year 2018, our earning per share guidance is a $1.80 to a $1.85, up 9% to 12% over last year. Including the Lu'An project, we now expect our capital expenditure to be in the range of $1.8 billion to $2 billion in fiscal year 2018. Now, please turn to slide number 21. There, I want to point out, as I have done before, that we believe our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. This is what allows us to generate the superior safety and operational performance that you can see today. I want to thank all of our 15,000 people around the world for their total commitment and hard work and I'm very proud to be part of this winning team. Now, we are delighted to answer your questions.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Don, this is Seifi, if I may add. We do see positive momentum in volumes and obviously if there is positive momentum on volumes, pricing will follow. So we are...
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the competitive environment hasn't changed that much. Our major competitors are all very strong and they compete with us on every project. And the customers make sure that they get competitive bids. But as you know, we had a return expectation on these projects which we have disclosed very publicly, of at least 10% internal rate of return. And if because of the competitive pressure the returns are below that, we just don't take the projects. So that's our guiding principle, whether there is competition or not. We obviously have had a lot of good projects at significantly higher than that, but that is our threshold. And if another one of our competitors wants to take the project for lower return, then they get it.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We have been working on this thing for a while. It's a matter of the consolidation of some of the subsidiaries that when you consolidate it, you get a tax benefit. And that is what the number is.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We will continue to have those kind of costs, because I mean it is a fact that we are working on a significant number of projects. And as you know, the current rules are – in the old times, when you were working on these projects out of your legal cost and your people cost and so on, you used to charge them to the project. Now, you can't do that. You expense it. So if they are going to deploy $13 billion, we need to bid on a lot of projects and we are bidding on those and we are expecting the costs. So that is a natural thing that is going to be with us as we win these projects.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We continue to make progress; that is a huge project and it involves a lot of different entities. I don't want to put a timeline on it, because from a negotiating point of view, we don't want to sound too anxious but we are working on it and it is moving forward, Duffy.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, there are several benefits. One is obviously operational efficiency and all of that that you mentioned. But the fundamental driver is that when we were just supplying the oxygen, we had deployed $300 million of our business at their return. Now, we are deploying $800 million of our business at the same kind of return or even higher. So that means that this is an opportunity for us to create growth, so that we can invest more capital at the kind of returns we are talking about. So I mean everybody gets excited about GDP going up 2% and creates growth, but like this, we are creating growth despite GDP. It gives us the opportunities to significantly deploy additional amount of capital.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yeah, of course. Because look at our EBITDA margin. We have gone from 23%, 24% to 34%. That is almost $700 million, $800 million of improvement. Obviously, that has come up through the fact that the company is running better and is much more efficient. Yes. I think that is one of the reasons – I mean, safety is a moral responsibility. We don't want anybody to get hurt but a company who has a good safety record at the level that we are achieving definitely has excellent operational efficiency.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Jim, we have always said that crude oil prices doesn't affect our business that much because we are not very involved in the upstream side of the oil business, so that's not going to be material to us.
Seifollah Ghasemi: No, no problem at all. Not your fault. We are making excellent progress (00:39:01) on Jazan. We are ahead of schedule. We are close to 90% done with the project and we fully expect that to come onstream at the time that we expect it. So, we are – it's a very positive, a very positive story for us. It has demonstrated to our very, very important customer, Aramco, that Air Products can deliver and Air Products is capable of executing a $2 billion project in the middle of the desert. So, it's a very good story for us and it's a great achievement for our people. We are all very proud of that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yeah. Absolutely, Chris. On a very macro basis, we always say energy environment and emerging market. But particular sectors we are very focused on the oil and gas sector obviously in the downstream side, specialty chemicals and also coal gasification. Those are the areas that we are very focused and there are significant amount of projects as you know. A lot of the major oil companies are switching from just providing crude to going downstream. You see a major shift in what Aramco is doing. There is the shift because of the cheap natural gas in the U.S. and there's obviously the coal gasification in China and there are significant large projects in emerging markets. So – and as I said, energy, environmental requirements and emerging markets; that's what we are focused on and we obviously like the onsite business.
Seifollah Ghasemi: David, pricing, we are selling in our LOX, LIN and LAR, basically, we are selling a commodity. Pricing is subject to supply, demand and utilization of our facilities. Industrial production in the United States in the last year-to-year is up around 4%. And we have always said that if you see industrial production go up, utilization rates going up then pricing will follow. So that's just the natural course of it and we seemed to be in that cycle right now. And if you see the results of everybody else, it points to that direction.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Quantifying it would be difficult because then we give too much information very competitively. But the fact is, as Corning mentioned, a lot of these plants that are undergoing so-called turnaround are very old plants that we have won contracts 20 years ago. The good news is that all of these contracts have been renewed. And therefore, this is a little bit of a life extension. Some of that we report in maintenance CapEx and some of that is on ordinary maintenance expenditure that goes to our bottom line.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Vincent, first of all, good morning. To answer your question, Vincent, when we say 10% – 10% is the minimum. We have won a lot of projects that's higher than that today. So whenever we are bidding on a project, we obviously – we do not price things on a cost basis. We price the things based on the competitive nature, and quite honestly, about the market there. So we have had projects which have been 15%, 16%; and the 10% that we keep mentioning is that that is our kind of bottom line; that below that, we don't take projects.
Seifollah Ghasemi: No, we do run into them. They have their ambitions of their own, and in a lot of the projects that we have done, they have been there. They have relationship with these customers, so it's not as if we have a totally open-field and a lot of times our customers don't share with us exactly whom they are talking to, but we operate on the basis that on every project that we do, they are there and our competitors are very smart people, they see this thing as an opportunity and they are active.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Right now, the highest incremental margin that we have is actually the United States for the total business. It's around 42%. But as we move forward, we think the highest growth area for us will be emerging markets. It will be China, it will be Middle East, it will be places like, I mean, Russia and places like that. Those are the markets where there are significant growth opportunities in terms of the actual sales dollars. But in terms of margins, currently our highest margin region is the United States.
Seifollah Ghasemi: For us, that is not an issue, Kevin. You know our business very well. Our business is very, very local; and the logistics would apply if you had an extensive packaged gases business, which we don't. So for us that is not an issue, Kevin.
Seifollah Ghasemi: There is no impact on us. You can rely on historical factors and beside that, the more pressure environmentally the better it is for us for the long-term, because then coal gasification becomes even more pronounced.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, obviously, I would like it to be better. But we have – as Scott mentioned, Corning mentioned, some of the costs that we have in terms of some of the turnaround costs and some of the costs for pursuing other projects and all of that. And the fact is that we did have some one-offs that helped us last year that do not exist this year. So if you really take the one-offs off, we are up and we are – I obviously go through the details of this thing, for every dollar of incremental dollar of sales, we are getting $0.40 to the bottom line. So I'm not worried about the fact that we are losing margins and so on, but then you put all of that for a big company like us in aggregate, the result is what you see.
Seifollah Ghasemi: One other thing that I would like to add, Jeff, is that the return on capital, the way you calculate it if you're comparing us to others, since we have a lot of cash, we are showing – that decreases if you actually – if we calculate our return on capital the way other people are calculating it, our return on capital is about 15%. So there is that subtle thing also.
Seifollah Ghasemi: No. It's not a startup headwind, Mike. It is – there are four gasifiers, my friend. And we get paid the monthly fee based on these gasifiers coming onstream. So, obviously, they are not starting out of the four gasifiers at the same time. So when the first gasifier comes onstream, we get a certain amount. The second, the third and the fourth and we expect to have all of the four gasifiers onstream by 2019, which is in October and then we will get there, but we will get on an annual basis.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We have not seen and we are not expecting any substantial increase there, therefore we have said that we don't really expect that business to come out of the doldrums until 2020. But if it comes sooner that would be a positive but I don't expect it.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We don't disclose that specifically, but I have said that we expect 2019 that we increase our EPS by at least 10%, so some of that will come from those. But if you don't mind, we don't want to disclose the specific contribution from new projects because then it makes it very easy for people to calculate exactly what our returns are and we don't want to do that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Sorry to interrupt you. That is not the case. The reason that we are getting the fee is we are getting the fee right now for the startup. Once we get – we have all of the four gasifiers running, then in 2020, if because of the customers' demand only two gasifiers are needed to run, we still get our full BFC. So the model is exactly the same, it's adjusted during the startup period.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I think I don't want to confirm or not confirm the exact numbers that you quoted, but we do see the positive effects of the FX, we do see the positive effect of Lu'An coming onstream right now. But as we have been saying, we do see higher maintenance cost because of the turnaround of some of the hydrogen facilities and we do see higher cost in terms of pursuing other opportunities. I mean, like – during the last year, it cost us $5 million that they had to absorb in our results. So those are the two principal reasons that we haven't increased our guidance by more than $0.10.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Very good. Well, in that case then, I would like to thank everybody again for being on the call. Thanks for taking time from your very, very busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We do appreciate your interest and look forward to discuss our results with you again next quarter. Have a great day. Thank you very much.
Corning F. Painter: I'd say in Mexico, we see improvement across several of the business lines. The packaged gas environment is good, there is a lot of infrastructure around pipeline projects that sort of thing that are going on and continue, and we've seen a pickup in the nitrogen injection for the oilfield business there, so I would like to say, relatively broad-based.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah, so we the termination of a very large long-term wholesale agreement. And I'd say we have largely replaced that on the LOX, LIN side. I think the argon is going to take a little bit longer. However, certain tightness in the argon market has certainly helped us to move that along. And today, I'd say, we are in the mid to slightly below mid-70s range in terms of our loading. But that's an improving story for us and I think the ground team has covered in replacing that volume is just tremendous performance.
Corning F. Painter: So we had the base improvement. We had some of the cost items that Scott mentioned that, let's say, are a little bit less of an operating cost but still there in our P&L.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. I was just in China meeting with the team, which is where a lot of this activity is – China, Korea, and Taiwan right now. And I would say the prospect list is still quite robust for us, so we expect another good year of hunting.
