Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Dr. Serhan. Although the consequences of the conflict in Ukraine are far from clear, the evolving situation has once again brought the critical issue of energy independence and national security to the forefront, emphasizing the critical nature of the energy transition, their air products has highly valued technologies, skills and experience that will benefit our customers and countries around the world. Gasification allows countries to utilize their own resources in an environmentally friendly way, reducing their imports of fuel and chemicals. Meanwhile, renewable energy, including green hydrogen and fuse drive from sustainable organic resources, including renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel, will allow countries to reduce their reliance on faster fuels. Furthermore, the desire for diversified energy supply will also encourage additional LNG projects in the future, a positive development for Air Products as we are the leading technology and equipment provider for these large LNG projects. Air Products’ strategy and competencies are allowing us to be a leader in the energy transition. Our industry-leading gasification technologies are suitable for various types of feeder stocks, which can create net-zero hydrogen. The NEOM Green Hydrogen project is the largest project of its kind in the world. Our LNG heat exchanges, which convert natural gas to liquid are an integral part to all LNG projects. The sustainable aviation fuel to be produced in our new facility in California is a direct drop in replacement for conventional jet fuel. It can significantly reduce carbon footprint of the aviation industry without any equipment modification. The focus on energy security and energy transition is creating significant new project opportunities now and in the future. Therefore, we firmly believe that investing in high-return projects rather than share buyback is the right way forward to support the energy transition and continued profitable growth for Air Products and an appropriate return for our investors. Now please turn to Slide #25. I remain highly confident of Air Products’ resilient business model, our strategy and our execution. However, I do have some concerns about the economic backdrop, driven by continued COVID challenges, the impact of supply chain constraints, inflation and energy costs. Even with these challenges, for quarter three fiscal year 2022, our opening per share guidance is $2.55 to $2.65, up 10% to 15% over last year and almost $0.20 higher than last quarter. For fiscal year 2022, our earnings per share guidance remains unchanged at $10.20 to $10.40, which is 13% to 15% better than last year. We continue to see our CapEx in ‘22 to be around $4.5 billion to $5 billion, including the approximately $1.5 billion previously invested for Phase 1 of the Jazan project. At this point, I’d like you to turn to Slide #26. The drive for energy security and transition to a more sustainable future are not mutually exclusive. The world needs cleaner, lower carbon forms of energy and more divest sources of energy. We believe our strategy directly addresses these needs. As we drive toward the clean energy world, the talent and dedication of our people are the key to making this vision a reality. We need, unfortunately, have talented and dedicated people to help us accelerate the progress. As I always say, our long-term competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of our people. Their hard work and contribution will ensure our success. So at this point, I would like to end my comments, and we will be very delighted to answer questions. Operator, we are ready for questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Sure. Our volume decline in Europe in our  business but specifically related to one specific customer who decided to kind of change the feedstock for their gasifiers because of the high natural gas prices. But overall, we do see a small decline. I think we said that our volumes in Europe sequentially are down about 2%. That is obviously the effect of the very high energy prices. And there were those high energy prices is affecting demand. But it is not dramatic and it is not a significant cause of concern, but it is a cause of – but it is a reality that we have to deal.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, obviously,  our costs every penny. But that cost increases, for example, in Europe are related to the fact that we are building the infrastructure that we need to build in order to bring our green ammonia into Europe, crack it and supply green energy to Europe. So it is early days but we have started that process. And that requires people and the expenditure and buying properties and renting equipment and trying to do engineering and all of that, because that is – they need to get ready because by 2026, ‘27, they need to bring in the green ammonia and sell it to our customers, and the customers expect us to start building the infrastructure. And then around the world, we are starting up new plants and all of that. So those costs are very focused and necessary for us to maintain the growth. We’ve been software related it, as you see right now, our costs are a little bit higher than they should be. But in the overall scheme of things, they would be more than justified as we move forward. But I don’t expect to see a significant uptick on those costs, if that is where you are going Vincent.
Seifi Ghasemi: Fine. With respect to pricing, the reason that the prices haven’t gone up so much in Asia is because there is no significant energy inflation in Asia that justifies us going to the customers and increasing prices. So that is the fundamental dynamics. The decrease in volumes are mainly due to Lunar New Year. But starting in March, the restrictions that the Chinese government has put in clients on are beginning to have some effect. And as we are in this current quarter, we do see more impact because of the COVID restrictions. It is almost impossible to predict what would be the effect because it depends on how much they relaxed restrictions or actually increased it depending on the progress of COVID. So we are watching that situation very carefully because it can swing back and forth in a significant way.
Seifi Ghasemi: No, but now that I understand your question completely, of course, we do. I mean, if we are going to bid on a new project or consider a new project, we will consider it in the view of bodies across our capital. Obviously, the cost of capital has gone up as interest goes up.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I think, first of all, if I may ask your second question first. Merchant pricing in the second half in Asia depends very much on what the energy costs are and all of that. If we see energy costs going up, that our costs are going up, we certainly will increase the prices to recover that, and I hope that our performance in the last two quarters demonstrates that we do have the ability to increase prices if energy costs go up. As Melissa mentioned, we have increased prices in Europe, 22% versus last year, significant pricing power when it is justified. So, we will do that. As far as whether our earnings in the second half of the year, for Europe will be higher than before, I don’t want to make a forward predictions like that. But from the guidance that we have given you for the quarter and for the year, you can conclude that we are not expecting any decline. We expect that we will do fine versus last year. That’s why – that’s the only way we can meet our forecast.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I think we have laid it out for you because we say that every dollar that we spend should get us $0.10 in operating income. And then you know our tax rate and all of that. So, the projects that we have, we have given you the capital, not – all of them are not going to come on stream at the beginning of ‘23, but you can make a good guess about how much contribution those projects will make to our bottom line and it is not small.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, because we have confidence in both energy people who have been, they are responsible for coming up with feedstock. They have been in the business of buying and providing the feedstock or the facilities for the past 20 years. That company has been around since 1999. We are very confident people and we have done our due diligence, and they feel very confident that they can get the feedstock. Everybody in the world is trying to do this thing, as you know, that’s why a company like Chevron then bought REG and all of that. Everybody is trying to convert their refineries to sustainable airline fuel because that is the fuel of the future. The great thing about sustainable aviation fuel is the fact that it’s a direct dropping. You don’t need to change the engine of the plane or anything like that. Obviously, we believe that 50 years from now, most of these planes, especially the short-haul ones will be fueled by hydrogen. But I think that in the meantime, right now, sustainable airline fuel is – SAF is the solution and everybody wants it, not only the airlines, but also companies, some of the biggest companies in the world that they want to take credit for decarbonizing their business travel. So, the demand is very high on that. We are very excited about that project.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I am going to turn this question to Dr. Serhan to answer because he runs the business on a day-to-day basis. But obviously, we are not going to disclose the contribution of these projects. But Dr. Serhan mentioned that they are seeing significant additional inquiries. But I will let him make the comment. Dr. Serhan, would you like to…
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I am very happy that you laid it out like that because it does show that it is a pretty robust forecast, so a 10% each quarter going up. The reason that we feel confident about that is that number one, historically, if you look at our results, we delivered about 47%, 48% of our EPS in the first half and 52%, 53% of our result in the second half. Seasonally, the second half is stronger. So, that is one reason. The second reason is that we are very confident about the fact that we can deal with inflation and energy cost increases by increasing prices. So, as a result and I hope the investors get some comfort about that looking at our results, that we have that capability. And I think that is one of the most important things that I hope people notice about our results, that we have the capacity and the ability to do that. And the only reason we can do that is because our products that our customers need and our products are not a significant part of our customers’ cost. So, with the increased prices, we are not increasing the final price of the product that the customer sells to the market that much. So, we have the ability to recover that. So, therefore – and then with the volumes, we are optimistic that at least – I don’t know what’s going to happen in Asia, but we are optimistic that at least in the U.S. and in Europe, we will see some pent-up demand because of – now that the COVID is easing out, and therefore, we will see better volumes.
Seifi Ghasemi: The $2 billion is just related to Neon. The other things that you are talking about are additional costs to that $2 billion.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes. Our sales from JVs is getting close to more than $2.5 billion. So, we see a very good growth in our JVs. Our major JVs are an excellent company that we had in Italy called Safilo . We have an outstanding company in India. And as Dr. Serhan mentioned, they are going very fast with 20 new plants under construction. And then we had a great JV in Thailand, and a significant joint venture in Mexico. Those four – and obviously, we have a JV in Taiwan that we fully consolidated. But these JVs, they are all very good companies, long established companies, and they are doing very well and because some of those economies are doing well. So, we expect those to continue to grow. And then our merchant business, right now, I think our on-site business is about 20 – about 52%, 53%, 55% of our portfolio. And we expect that with all of the big projects that we are doing, that we would end up our on-site business, if you look at it 10 years from now, it might grow to be about 60% – I mean 70% of our business. But that doesn’t mean that our merchant business is shrinking. Our merchant business should continue to grow. The percentage will come down because the whole company will become a much bigger company.
Seifi Ghasemi: I wouldn’t characterize it that way because those are different countries, different dynamics and all of that. But usually, the second half of the year is stronger for most people usual.
Seifi Ghasemi: First of all good morning, John. John, if I start disclosing that since I know the results for the month of April, it’s kind of talking about the quarter while we are in the middle of it. But let me just in general say that April was a little bit worse than the month of March. Yes, let me put it that way. The situation compared to March hasn’t improved. I hope it does improve. But it’s totally unpredictable, John. I don’t think even the Chinese authorities know that in terms of – it just depends on the spread and number of cases of COVID, right.
Seifi Ghasemi: Sure. We are doing very well in that regard. We are getting projects which are more than our so-called traditional share of the market. We are very successful in the electronic industry. As you saw on the projects that we have announced and there are some projects that we haven’t announced. And in the other things like oxygen plants and nitrogen generators and so on, we certainly are winning our share of the market. So, if you look at the industrial gases business worldwide and look at our market share, which is about, I think, 14%, 15%, 17% depending – you look at it, we certainly are winning more than that in terms of the so-called traditional hydrogen generator, oxygen generators and electronic high-purity nitrogen generators. We are doing fine there, and we are very pleased with that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Sure. I mean our challenge in the United States is that you know that we are obviously a very big trucking company because we have all of these trucks developing – delivering product to our customers. I don’t mind telling you that we right now have had in the last quarter about 150 positions open for truck drivers that we cannot get. So, despite that, we are delivering product to our customers and so on. But you know what that means, that means that our costs increased. Number one, we have to offer a lot more to hire drivers. And number two, people have to work significant amounts of overtime in order to compensate for the shortage of the drivers that we have. So, that is creating an issue for us, but that has been with us in the last two quarters. And the effect of that on our bottom line is included in the second quarter. So, in the next few quarters, I don’t think the situation will get worse. But I think we owe it to describe what the challenges are.
Seifi Ghasemi: Okay. Number one, I will answer your second part of the question. The hydrogen plants that we have supplying this thing now when it comes on the screen, will be the regular SMRs. But in the future, we can put CO2 capture on those, but capturing CO2 in Southern California, you have a challenge of what do you do with it. Our plan in the long-term, in the long-term, is to try to supply that facility with green hydrogen, which we can bring to Los Angeles from our different plants making green hydrogen and use our pipeline to deliver that. So, that is how we would super de-carbonize. In terms of the price, competitive pricing, as you know, the new cell sustainable airline fuel to an airline, you charge them a certain amount, but then there is the incentives, the low LCFS, low carbon fuel subsidies that people get. So, theoretically you can sell me a gallon of sustainable aviation fuel for $5 or $6, which is the price that you pay for the conventional thing. But then one can get about $3 to $4 or sometimes more than that, depending on the carbon intensity as a subsidy, which is – it’s a tradable commodity right now. So, as a result, the end result will be as if you are selling it for $9 or $10 a gallon these days. So, that is going. Therefore, it is very competitive.
Seifi Ghasemi: The source of hydrogen recovery is basically the fact that the refineries are running harder because the demand for gasoline has gone up.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, thank you very much. I would like to take a moment and thank everybody for their participation in our call. We appreciate your good questions and we look forward to talking to you in about three months about our third quarter results. In the meantime, stay safe and have a wonderful day. Thank you very much.
