Simon Moore: Thank you Eduardo. Good morning everyone. Welcome to Air Products third quarter 2019 earnings results teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I am pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO, Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Sean Major, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. After our comments, we will be pleased to take your questions.Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our earnings release and on slide number two.Now, I am pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.
Simon Moore: Thank you Scott. Please turn to slide 16 for a review of our EMEA results. We continue to show positive operational results despite limited economic growth. Price increased 4%, with improvement across all major products and subregions. The EMEA team has now delivered six consecutive quarters of year-on-year price improvement. Volume was up 2% primarily driven by the acquisition of a CO2 producer while base business volume remained stable as positive retail volumes were offset by lower wholesale volume sales. Sales were negatively impacted by 2% lower energy pass-through, 5% unfavorable currency and an 11% sales reduction due to the India contract change that Scott mentioned. Reported EBITDA of $190 million was up 2% and was up 7% on a constant currency basis. Reported EBITDA margin improved 520 basis points to reach a new high of over 38%. Excluding the India contract change, EBITDA margin was up about 100 basis points. Sequentially, volumes were higher on better merchant volume, including the acquisition. And although we continue to see Brexit as a potential risk to our future results, at this point we have not seen any significant negative impacts.Now please turn to slide 17, global gases, which includes our air separation unit sale of equipment business as well as central industrial gas business costs. Sales and EBITDA declined due to lower project activity as we approach the successful conclusion of our Jazan ASU sale of equipment project.Please turn to slide 18, corporate segment which includes LNG and our other businesses as well as our corporate costs. Although modest, it is great to finally see improvement in this segment with the best sales and profits in almost three years. The Golden Pass LNG project in the U.S. Gulf Coast began to contribute this quarter and we are optimistic about additional LNG orders. It is important to note that our LNG technology has been selected for several North America and international projects that are awaiting final investment decisions by our customers.Now, I am pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a discussion of our outlook.
Simon Moore: So, I think what we said on the call was our underlying volumes were up 1% in the Americas offset by the prior-year contract termination.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you Simon. Please turn to slide number 19. As I said on our last call, five years ago I promised we would grow the company's earnings per share by at least 10% annually. As you can see, we have done better than that over the last four years and expect to exceed 10% again this year. Thanks to the great team at air products, we have delivered on our commitments. Our goal continues to be achieving a cumulative average growth rate of at least 10% in the coming years. As you all know, we continue to live in an uncertain world that we at Air Products cannot control but we definitely do have control over the actions Air products can take to succeed in a dynamic world. We have a strong, capable and flexible organization that remains focused on productivity and creating our own growth opportunities, which will allow us to continue to deliver on our promise to investors to increase earning per share by 10% per year as we move forward.Now please turn to slide number 20. Our updated EPS guidance for fiscal year 2019 is in the range of $8.20 to $8.25. Despite currency headwinds, this guidance represents 10% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2018 performance. For quarter four of fiscal year 2019, our earnings per share guidance is $2.26 to $2.31, up 13% to 16% over last year. Our team around the world continues to be very optimistic about the future of Air Products. Our five point strategic plan will differentiate us and drive our success going forward. Our safety, productivity and operating performance continue to provide the foundation of our continued growth. We have the financial capacity, the technical position and the talent to take full advantage of our existing opportunities.And finally, please turn to slide number 21. As always, our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate our superior safety and operational performance. I want to again thank all of our 16,000 people around the world for their commitment and hard work and for embracing the opportunities in front of us with energy and a spirit of working together. I certainly am proud to be part of this winning team.Now, we are delighted to answer your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Good morning P.J. You are very right. When we report our results, we report over the whole sector including the onsite business. Obviously, the onsite business, that prices are not going up and that's half of our business. So, when we report 4% price increase, it really is about 8% or 9%. What is driving the pricing is our decision to increase prices because it's about almost eight years that we haven't really increased prices. Our costs are going up. I made a very, very public statement in February of this year that we at Air Products have decided to increase our prices to recover our costs, and we are willing to lose volume if people want to buy from somebody else. And obviously that's a free choice they have. We consciously have decided that we need to maintain our margins and we are increasing the prices. I certainly cannot and will not comment on the behavior of the other people. I mean that's up to them to comment when you ask them the question. But we certainly have made a conscious decision despite utilization rate or anything like that that we need higher prices to maintain our margins. We can't let our margins go down.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, P.J., quite frankly, we do not see that. Now maybe it is because in China, for example, more than 60% of our business is onsite business. And therefore as a result, you know, we have a lot of protection there. But overall, I mean, I know the headline says that China is slowing, but then the next line it says China grew 6.32%. I mean if that was the case in the U.S., we will be doing cartwheels. So, the Chinese economy is growing and we are seeing the benefit of that.
Seifi Ghasemi: No, I don't think so, because I think once people investigate, they find out what the cause is and I don't want to speculate, but I don't think that is an indication of any fundamental issue with respect to processes and so on. From what we understand, the explosion was at the ASU, not at the gasification unit. No, I don't expect any impact, not at all, John.
Seifi Ghasemi: That is correct. You are absolutely right. We have been working on this project for a while, and it finally came to fruition and we are announcing it.
Seifi Ghasemi: No John. Our plant is next to their plant. It just is delivered within a pipe. That means we are not delivering liquid, but it is from our facility.
Seifi Ghasemi: In Jazan, I think we have said that we will end up owning about 51%. But we are finalizing the contract. The numbers might change it, 1% up and down, but nothing massive, no. We will did end up owning the majority there.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, thank you for your question. You know, obviously, I am very proud of what we have achieved but at the same time, you know with a culture change you are never done. We can always, always, always do better. But I am very, very satisfied with the progress we have made. Our results show that. And in terms of the future, I think our people are very excited about the growth opportunities that we have. And as a result, you know, we are a lot more productive. People are excited about coming to work. People are excited about working on very exciting and new projects. And we are hiring people. So that always creates a positive mood within the company. We always work on productivity but we are hiring people for our new projects and all of that. So I feel very good about the organization. We have a great team of people. But at the same time, we can always do better.
Seifi Ghasemi: We are seeing very good opportunities. We are working on new project. And in terms of the bidding activity, quite honestly we are not in a good position to answer because our customers don't necessarily tell us whom we are competing bid and how many other bidders and all of that. But overall, you know who our competitors are. There are really three people who can participate on these big projects. There are not 20. So out of the three of us, we are all focused on different parts of the world and whether all the other two are in every project that we are in, I don't know. But when we approach a customer, we try to do the best we can for them and for Air Products. And fortunately, we are fortunate, we see a lot of opportunities and I expect us to get additional orders as we move forward.
Seifi Ghasemi: Good morning Duffy. You always ask me difficult questions, but that's fair. We have been guiding you that the margins are going to be around 33% to 35%. Right now, we have delivered around 40%, 37%, 40%. So right now, if I was going to make a prediction for the future, we are going to be in a higher band. You are going to be somewhere between 38% to 40%. That is correct Duffy.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I said in the call twice that our goal is to improve our profitability by 10%. So I think that kind of answers your question, right. That is what we said, yes.
Seifi Ghasemi: I wouldn't want to say that. I expect continued price improvement at least in the next two quarters. And then after that we will see how it works out. But I think the momentum that we have will continue in the next two quarters, Jeff.
Seifi Ghasemi: Don, that's an excellent question. In 2015, our LNG business delivered us about $0.50 earnings per share, about $150 million of EBITDA. Last year and this year, it almost contributed nothing. So the drag has been about $0.50. So I am hoping that in time we will recover that and hopefully even improve on that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, David, you know, first of all, we are working on that thing and we are hoping that everything will work out and we do the financing and signing. So I just want to say, it is not a done deal yet. But if it is done, what we have said publicly is that considering what we are investing, we will see a contribution about more than $0.75 from that project when it comes on-stream. Now, once we actually get the contract signed, put all of the numbers together and all of that and we make the final announcement that this has been done, hopefully before the end of this calendar year, then we will give you better guidance in terms of the impact on 2020 and 2021 and moving forward.
Seifi Ghasemi: Chris. I can say that I am very optimistic that we will deliver a 10% improvement over 2019. Now if the number is going to be any better, we will talk to you about that in October. But right now, sitting here, looking at what is happening in the world, we think that we should be able to improve our EPS next year by 10% versus this year. And the way we look at it is that, you know, our job, I get paid $15 million a year to come and deliver results rather than come and explain why I didn't deliver result. We are committed to improve our EPS 10% a year in the years to come. We have done that. We will find different levers to pull in order to make that happen whether it is cost reduction, price increases, new projects and all of that. So that is our commitment to the investors, that has been our commitment to the investors since five years ago and we hope to continue to deliver that, Chris.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, you know it's very difficult to predict that, but we have said that we would be very hesitant to take any project that's less than 10% return. So hopefully all of these projects will be 10% or higher.
Seifi Ghasemi: No, because we are -- our merchant business, we are going to grow it as fast as we can. We are not downsizing that. But we think that our onsite will grow faster than that. So our ratio will change not because we are slowing down on the merchant business but because we think the onsite business has the potential of growing faster than the merchant.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the merchant business, we are going to double down based on economic growth. In China, it's growing 6%. We did build new merchant plants. But if you have a situation in Europe or in the U.S. where the market is not growing then obviously we are not going to add capacity. But that we are committed to our merchant business. We will grow it as fast as we can grow it, which is basically GDP. Nobody can grow their merchant business faster than GDP. I don't care what they say. Because if they say, oh, we are going to grow faster than the other guy, that means they are going to take market share away from the other guy and that doesn't happen. Nobody can take away market share from us and vice versa. So the merchant business is going to grow with the GDP of each region and as it grows, we will invest in that. We are committed to that. We have the know-how. We have the people. But my point is that that growth is in emerging markets. It is not in the U.S. and it is not in Europe, okay.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well it that doesn't seem that there is any other questions. So with that, I would like to thank everybody for being on our call. Thanks for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We do appreciate your interest and good questions and look forward to discussing another set of good results with you again next quarter. Have a nice summer holiday and all the best. Take care.
