Simon R. Moore: Thank you, David. Good morning, and welcome to Air Products' Fourth Quarter Earnings Teleconference. This is Simon Moore. Today, our CFO, Paul Huck, and I, will review our fiscal 2011 results and outlook for fiscal 2012. We issued our earnings release this morning. It's available on our website along with the slides for this teleconference. Please go to airproducts.com to access the materials. Instructions for accessing a replay of this call beginning at 2 p.m. Eastern Time are also available on our website.  Please turn to Slide 2. As always, today's teleconference will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions. Please review the information on these slides and at the end of today's earnings release explaining factors that may affect these expectations.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Paul for a review of our financials.
Simon R. Moore: Yes. Thanks, Paul. Thanks, P.J., good question. So obviously, as we talked about last quarter, we had seen some slowing in certain segments in the Electronics market. I think that has continued and we see that being fairly flat going through the first half of next year with an expected pick up in the second half of the year. But as Paul mentioned, we see MSI for the year, in a range of 0% to 5%. I would just also make the point though, that while that's fairly modest growth, we saw sequential sales in Electronics up 2% and we see the number of our customers make comments this week that certainly would clarify that we're in no danger of seeing any significant downturn like we have seen in the past. I mean, Intel talked about inventories being tightly managed and obviously, Apple reported very strong sequential sales increases in their units. So again, I think we see flat but no sign of any significant downturn.
Simon R. Moore: And maybe just, also -- Don, sorry, this is Simon, too, you mentioned $0.09 as a one-time items. I mean, I think maybe just for a second, we did talk about the $0.05 in the Tonnage contract roll and while there were some items in the equity affiliates, they were kind of offset by the minority interest line as well. So those kind of sets, so we would have said it's more like a $0.05 one time.
Simon R. Moore: Good question. As Paul said, both those projects are coming on in the next quarter. So when they come on, that'll loosen things up a little bit. We have talked in the past about helium being tight globally, longer term than that. So they will help but they will not solve the problem.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. And P.J., you're right. In Saudi and the Middle East in general, offers a very big opportunity for us. Our investment on AHG is to get us a foothold and an operating base within the country, which we think is very important. From there, we think of many of the opportunities for this growth come on the on-site area for very large plants. And we see this going out. And so we could have, in the future, billions of dollars invested in the Middle East. It will be primarily as we look forward a market, which is built on on-sites, yes, you're right.
Paul E. Huck: Okay, Jeff, and that's a good question and I'll update everybody on our progress on -- in the margins in the Merchant area. Because we did make progress this quarter. And we outlined a number of actions last quarter in which we said we're going to take. The first of those actions was within the U.S. to improve our volumes there. We made good progress. We had 5% growth in volumes. We are working to get that better obviously. I think the good news, which Simon reported is quarter 4 was that the signings were up from quarter 3 and when we just compare our signings for the second half, when our actions and post-Airgas started to take some effect to the first half, our signings our 2x in the second half what they were in the first half. So we're still hiring salespeople. That effort, I believe, is on track and will accomplish the goals, which we have. As we said it's going to take some time for us to see this. It will take probably through the next year as we see these customers brought on stream, because it takes 6 to 9 months to marry a customer on stream. With regard to Europe and the prices which we talked about, the Europe pricing as you heard was flat, that was healthcare being down. Improved pricing in Europe on the liquid/bulk side. However, we're not recovering the increased power there and we need to do that. So we did more actions on pricing and we need to be better there. So I'd like the trend of pricing starting to move up but it's not fixed yet and we need to get more things going there. Operational issues, which we had. We had less this quarter. So we are improving in those things. You can see that in the cost performance. We still have some other things, which we've got to do to bring plants onstream to end the distribution cost. We talked about the LaPorte plant and the Riley Ridge helium plant, which help in our supply of argon and helium, which will lower our distribution costs in those areas. And they come onstream in quarter 1 of this year and we'll likely -- we'll see the effect in quarter 2. Helium supply is still short and the Riley Ridge plant will help us there to come on stream. So overall, we think that we like the improvement. But we still think that there is more. Prior year was higher, but we intend to go there. So first quarter, we're not going to have everything in. There is a seasonal volume decline, so it's going probably tough, but we look towards the second, third and fourth quarters for that getting a lot better.
Paul E. Huck: Yes, Jeff. And the thing, which I talked about was that on the equity income was that we did have a one-time item of about $0.04 a share. So if you take that and that number out, the $0.04, about $10 million to $12 million or so. If you take that out, then you go to the performance for this quarter. Realize that all of this is income which comes from overseas, principally. And so a lot of it is subject to the fluctuations on currency also. So giving a normalized level is tough when the currency fluctuate about a lot. But otherwise, the one-time items, take that out, and you got a good level there.
Paul E. Huck: And John, I think a couple of things in which people should understand about the guidance here is that a lot of the pickup, which we talked about, occurs in the second half of the year. So we see regardless of the economic scenario, a slow first half. The other aspect of these things is that we do tend to lag a little bit, a quarter or 2 in a number of areas in responding to what happens in the economy with things. And so, I could see a delay where the economies pickup, but we don't follow directly in that particular quarter. And so that is really what happens, which would then say, that yes, 2013 growth would be stronger than what you would expect to see from the economy.
Paul E. Huck: And the goal of Electronics here, as we said, are the key prices flat to up for us going forward. So we think that, and that we can continue the price improvement here. If you broke the 2 businesses apart, the price performance in Performance Materials was better than price performance in Electronics for the year on that. But Electronics previously had been one which had been declining, and so over the past 2 years, and we have seen our price performance be a lot better.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. And Kevin, and it was contract mods in the on-site area, not in the polyurethane business. So it gets around as we have events, as we change contracts, as we move volume around and commitments of volume around. As we roll contracts, very often we have events which lead to an accounting gain or loss on those things. And typically those things are not all that large. In this quarter, we had a couple of them, which when you combine them, and they made to a large gain for us in this quarter. So we decided to guide you because it doesn't repeat. But we do have sources of gains and losses, which put a little noise and the Tonnage business just get's it, it is the nature of the business, but normally it's not big enough to spike out or to see.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. And LOX/LIN pricing was up, I'm recalling now, I think LOX/LIN was about 3% for that. The healthcare pricing, I remember it by, and by the individual contracts, but I would say it's probably about 4% to 5%.
Paul E. Huck: And that depends upon the award activity. But for right now, the way in which we see the world panning out and the way in which we see these bids happening, we would expect our backlog to be up.
Paul E. Huck: It would probably close to the same. It could increase as we get some smaller projects on, so we still need the ability to raise that a little bit. But I'd say it'd be about the same.
Paul E. Huck: And Bob, I think, another thing, which I think factored in the business is we have seen a lot of concern from the people who bought from us and the customer base that they don't want to build inventory. And so people are paying a lot of attention to that, because they're concerned about the economy going forward and therefore, what they did during this quarter is a they took the inventories down for their products. So I don't think it's so much related exactly to production. But people are concerned going forward about producing too much and being called inventory. So we did see that occur over the summer.
Paul E. Huck: No. We do not think -- no, and we're not going to defer them and we still think there is a good chance for us to get there. We are still very pleased with the markets and the opportunities, which we see for investment which drive this. So I think we're on track as you see in the capital spending area for growing our capital expenditures and what that means is that there's growth, which sits behind there in the 2013, '14 and '15.
Paul E. Huck: Well, I think, and the concern, which we have, Don, is with the economy. As I've talked about it. And does the economy picked up in the second half of the 2012 or not from where we see it today. You can see the quarter 1 guidance for us is low, and we're not happy, but we think it reflects the reality of what we're seeing in the economy out there. I don't think it reflects the noise from one-time items.
Paul E. Huck: We're not going to try to do it by trying to wave our hands or trying to engineer this from a financial standpoint. The way in which we're going to do this is we have a backlog in China, which we talked about in the gasification end. We have more projects to announce there and those projects are oxygen and the margins and the returns on them are very good and they will help drive that margin up higher. Because there are going to rep a lot of investments for us going forward here. And you can see the Asia portion of our capital expenditures has picked up, and we expect that to continue to grow.
Paul E. Huck: Yes, Mike. And so -- and there's a slide in the backup for that. You'll see the big number, which is included there is an inventory number, which and so I'll explain what happened to this. In total, the inventory number, which affected the corporation in total is about $2 million unfavorable. What happens is, at year end, is we do 2 things. First, within the books we use a standard cost in our P&Ls and so what that means if you go back to accounting courses, you take the inventory out its standard and you put the inventory in its standard and that goes into the COGS and the purchase price variances flow through the P&L. At the end of the year, we do our inventory on the balance sheet and they get they get valued at current cost for those things. And so there is a write up or a write down of inventories, which occurs within the business segments. In the U.S. only then, we also adjust to LIFO, which occurs at the corporate level in total on that thing. So it's a gain or loss, and which gets impacted there. So the $19 million or so on inventory, I believe, is all relates to those 2 adjustments on net for the company, is $2 million unfavorable.
Paul E. Huck: We watched the statistics and we watched the trends on a sequential basis. And so, we do have -- and real concerns as we talked about, from an economy standpoint about the amount of uncertainty, which holds back on the invest in business, holds about people creating jobs, which you need to create jobs to get consumer confidence to get consumers to buy. And so as we look at it, the economy is a just kind of limping along globally to a very large extent in many instances. And what we're looking for really is some signs of some of these issues, which hang over everybody around the uncertainty to get the economy to start to move again. But the developed world is in tough shape from an economic standpoint right now. Corporations are doing well, and we're doing well on a financial standpoint. But volumes -- and the volume growth is just not there in many instances, and we're concerned about that.
Paul E. Huck: I think it is pretty even. When I look at this overall, Mike, I think we have plans coming on throughout the year.
Paul E. Huck: You will start to see the operating leverage from North America probably in late Q1 and Q2, Q3 and Q4 with the signings that we have. I just go by the rules of thumb which we have, so I would expect to see that happening. As far as the operating leverage is concerned, we have the ability probably to sell another $150 million or so within the U.S. just based upon the leverage, which exists today and before we got to a sold-out condition. So it's a pretty nice -- a nice margin comes with that.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. And what we do is we pick a gas forecast out there so the forecast for gas is pretty consistent to what we saw in 2011 was a little over $4 or so. If I look at the guidance here, we actually have in our guidance, the dollar strengthening against the euro overall from that and some deterioration against the RMB.
Paul E. Huck: Okay. First, I do not see a global recession occurring. So the odds that I place on it would be low from my standpoint. I do think the odds in Europe are higher, but not for a global one. If you then took a look at and said, the confidence on the second half of the year, I think what happens is hopefully, some of these uncertainties start to resolve. We gave the thing for the U.S. it is that within the U.S., we start to see a consensus emerge on things like tax reform, regulations, entitlements, spending and things like that. And people start to see a way forward where they can start to predict what impact is that going to have on the decision, which I mean -- we're talking to make to run my business. Once we see that, I think people will start to expand, invest, hire people and stuff like that. And once we get the politicians somewhat in line with these things and we get a path forward, I think it gets better for that. In Europe, I think as they continue to work through the current crisis which exists there, as they start to see and resolve those things in whatever way they go, whether they go worse or better on things as we work our through. We're going to get at some point to an end at that, and I think that probably occurs sometime within the next year or so.
Paul E. Huck: And the reason for us taking up tax rate is we continue to see pressure in the government to close things down to make things harder, to take advantage of credits and other things, which we have. So we think there is upward pressure on taxes going forward.
Paul E. Huck: Okay. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. The whole Air Products team is excited by the opportunities which we face, and are committed to take the actions to improve our performance in 2012 and beyond. Hope every one has a good weekend.
