Simon R. Moore: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, and welcome to Air Products First Quarter Earnings Teleconference. This is Simon Moore. Today, our CFO, Paul Huck, and I will review our Q1 results and outlook for the remainder of 2012. We issued our earnings release this morning. It is available on our website along with the slides for this teleconference. Please go to airproducts.com to access the materials. Instructions for accessing the replay of this call beginning at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time are also available on our website. Please turn to Slide 2. As always, today's teleconference will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions. Please review the information on these slides and at the end of today's earnings release, explaining factors that may affect these expectations. Now I'll turn the call over to Paul for a review of our financials.
Simon R. Moore: Jeff, also just a reminder too that obviously, we continue to enjoy success in our tonnage volumes. Your question was appropriately more about the merchant with new business and new project onstream there. So we do see some strong activity on our tonnage business in Asia and China as we expected.
Simon R. Moore: Yes. Thanks, P.J. And I mean, we would still say for the year, we expect square inches of silicon to grow in that 0% to 5% range, probably right in the middle of that, which is what we've talked about last quarter. And as you pointed out, I think generally speaking, Intel talked about a stronger second half. TSMC actually talked about having a better first calendar quarter than seasonality would expect. And just one statement that we talked about a few times is our strength with Samsung, Intel and TSMC. They're expected to be almost half of the industry CapEx in 2012. So we continue to benefit from our strong position with them.
Simon R. Moore: And obviously, we brought on the big hydrogen plant in Rotterdam. We do have the one large oxygen plants in Europe that will come onstream in 2013.
Simon R. Moore: Well, I think we also believe that low energy prices are very good for the economy, which helps provide general economic growth as well.
Simon R. Moore: And just Kevin, I would -- just as a reminder also that we may not see that full level of proceeds as Paul mentioned.
Simon R. Moore: Okay. Thanks, everyone. Please go to our website to access a replay of this call beginning at 2:00 p.m. today. Thank you. for joining us, and have a great day.
Paul E. Huck: Well, if you take a look, Jeff, I think what you have to remember -- I think for us is that we do have an electronics business in Asia, which last year grew from quarter 4 to quarter 1. And so -- and that also included the impact which occurs in the merchant area. This year, electronics did what it normally does from quarter 4 to quarter 1, is it contracted. So that's probably one of the big factors. It's that we were seeing the growth of electronics and we didn't see the same level of seasonality which we normally see for things. On top of that, we have also seen our volumes in China slow. And I mentioned that in my remarks principally because the interest rates have been raised a lot in China to kind of control inflation. We have seen inflation start to ease. So we don't think it's a long-term condition for them to tighten up the money supply. And that should ease sometime late quarter 2, or time is our guess. So probably not right post the Chinese New Year, with timing some time right now, we're forecasting in the March timeframe. Those are the 2 big factors for us as we look at that.
Paul E. Huck: So -- and we have taken a look at that as to why that happens, Jeff, a couple of factors, which we'll go in. First, the currency aspect of things. So as the currency -- as the dollar tends to strengthen, which it did this quarter, it's going to drive the depreciation from our overseas facilities down a little bit with that. So there's -- that does not have an equalization of it. Plus the other thing which we have seen over time is that we have seen some facilities roll off their depreciation. So we have seen that occur. Those facilities are still operating. Obviously, it helped our margins with -- rolling forward. Plus a good portion of our capital spending right now, you can see this in the capital lease element of things. That does not get recorded through the depreciation accounts anymore. And so that's the other factor. Depending upon the -- but the way in which we treat the one-on-one on-sites does not lead to depreciation. So a lot of the large gasification plants are not going to have depreciation associated with them. It's going to have a capital receivable, which gets booked as an asset instead of PP&E and then that flows through.
Paul E. Huck: Well, what you're talking about on the performance materials, P.J., they had a sequential downturn in volumes and a year-on-year downturn on volumes. The profitability and returns in that business are still very good for us. And so as we look at this, we think it is still an excellent business. It is not a business which introduces a lot of ups and downs and cyclicality to Air Products for things. As we look at this, we don't have large swings really in that much in our volumes overall in the business. We continue to see opportunities to get our products formulated in and to make them a steady cash flow for us. So we're happy with the business. We think it's performed very well. And so for right now, the answer is yes.
Paul E. Huck: Yes, it is a small amount, I know, of our capital spending, P.J. I think our capital spending is somewhere about 10% to 15% of our CapEx for growth. Next year is in Europe, I guess 12% or something like that. So it might be 15%, but it's not a huge amount for that right now.
Paul E. Huck: But that shouldn't surprise anyone. And given the European economy right now, when you look at things, they're not adding a lot of industrial capacity.
Paul E. Huck: Okay. First, with regard to polyurethane intermediates, as you know, we said this before, it's not a business in which we're investing in. We don't see the opportunity to extend in the model which we have. So we have some contracts which we are working through at this point in time. The business -- as far as today is concerned, the returns on the business are still very good. Our contracts are still very good, we think. So as far as the drag, yes, it might be a drag on growth. But a drag of the profits, no for us. And we continue to look at our options going forward for that business, but it's not a business which obviously we're going to be investing in. We can extend the model to Asia. And most of the PUI -- and most of the TDI production is moving to Asia, as you know. If you then turn to and take a look at what's happening in the U.S. in merchant, the capacity rates have been low. We would expect that we would start to see improvements in volumes in this quarter based upon -- in the signings which we have seen. Do we think we need to take capacity out? The answer is no. We believe that there are opportunities to sell that capacity. For us, we don't see any place in which we can't imagine us being able to sell that based upon the applications which we have. It was a question of us on the sales force during the Airgas transaction of not pushing as hard, not replacing people and not trying to grow the sales force. We have taken those actions. We've seen an improvement in signings. We would expect signings to improve in the second quarter of 2012 also.
Paul E. Huck: Probably -- and to clarify that, there's probably about $0.03 of bad news year-on-year still to come from what was our run rate. However, the run rate on a sequential basis is going to improve in that business.
Paul E. Huck: Well, I think -- and one of the things, I'd say -- I think we've already talked about it. So we're going to take some actions in Europe to reduce our cost structure in that business. So the focus of the things in which we are trying to improve have been clear from -- for about a year now on that. We're trying to get the volumes up in the United States, and we think we're on the right track to do that. We're trying to get the prices improved in Europe, and we've seen some improvement there. We're trying to get our cost structure improved in Europe, and you'll see some actions coming in the second quarter for that. We're trying to improve the operating performance of the plants, and we've made progress there. You can see that in the cost, in the margins this quarter. And the last thing is improving on the supply of helium. So what we expect is for everyone to execute better.
Paul E. Huck: The answer is yes. We have seen a slowdown in China. It has not affected really on the on-site projects or the equipment projects, which we're chasing there. We still see a good backlog and a lot of bid activity.
Paul E. Huck: So -- as far as people, it certainly is going to have a damper on people trying to increase the efficiency of natural gas because their benefits are going to be lower. Oil is still relatively high as far as you look at that. And other products are still relatively high, which provide energy, electricity prices, albeit a lot, but they're still at high prices for things, especially due to things like environmental rigs or things. So I think there's is going to be some hit to the opportunities for things going forward. But the other thing is that it's going to open up chances for us to do other things with things, and we're exploiting those opportunities there too.
Paul E. Huck: Okay. As far as the pricing in Europe, we expect that -- and that the prices will continue to improve. There is still cost pressures for us with the need to recover our increased power cost, increased cost of diesel in Europe. So we still see that as a driver for us. As far as the competitive pressure, the business has always been competitive. I think we commented on last quarter is that we see our -- we also see our competitors showing a need for price increases also as everyone isn't happy with their margins and their returns in Europe. So we have seen our competitors raise prices also.
Paul E. Huck: The outlook for us in construction, I think, is still -- and we're still -- I'm going to say we're not going to be bullish on that yet as far as that is concerned. Our performance materials business though has performed very well and is prepared to respond to that. I would expect the volumes to grow from quarter 1 to quarter 2 and to continue to grow in quarter 3 to quarter 4.
Paul E. Huck: Thanks, Kevin. And so with regard to that, we're going to have to pay taxes on this. Given where we see that today, we think that probably about half of the -- no, excuse me -- if you look at the proceeds, probably about 20% or so is going to wind up going to cash tax payments for us to make, and that will not -- and it isn't the same as booked, obviously, there, because you'll have depreciation in there. And then we will probably come pretty close to half of that being used for share buyback, half of that being used to reduce debt overall.
Paul E. Huck: Yes, and so if you look at the business overall for us, about 80% of the business fits on the continent in what we're selling today. The bulk of the rest of it sits in the U.K. And then the business in Ireland, the business in Brazil and Argentina are all small.
Paul E. Huck: So Bob, what you're saying is that on the drop in gas prices, you're expecting to see a bigger increase in margin percentage on the on-site business on the tonnage. So you have seen -- remember that gas prices have been down for a while now. And so we haven't seen a tremendous difference. If I look at my average gas price from quarter 1 of last year to quarter 1 of this year, gas price is probably down maybe about 7% or 8%. It's not down a huge amount for us. So it's been down for a while. And so I think -- and that play has already come through the margin walk for us.
Paul E. Huck: Okay. And so I think what we see happening from an economic standpoint is somewhat the reverse of what we saw at 2011. If you go back to the comments which we made on the economy and what we saw in underlying sales growth in 2011, we saw underlying sales growth come out in the first half of the year, 11% to 12%. In the second half of the year, we saw the underlying sales growth dip to -- I think it was 7% in quarter 3, 4% in quarter 4. So we saw a slowdown and most of that, as we look at it, came from the economic picture because we saw economy started to slow around the world. We saw the U.S. growth rates drop, manufacturing wise. We saw Asia started to come off. We certainly saw electronics started to come off in our fourth quarter, I think. So we saw a number of things. And we saw the European economies and start to go into a recession through the last half of 2011. So what we're -- as we look at this, we think 2012, from a growth standpoint, in the first half of the year, because of the carryover from 2011, it doesn't start with a lot of momentum behind it. And the economic picture in the first half of our fiscal year, we think, is slow. However, as I said in my remarks that the policy in the United States, we ought to be start talking as the election starts to become clear and more things turn towards how jobs are going to be created, that should lift consumer confidence, should lift the confidence of businesses to invest. And so we see people start trying to increase production. In Asia, we think that they -- and they've taken steps to fight inflation. We think those steps probably have had the right impact in China, but we also think that China is going to turn to a more stimulative process -- policy. In Europe, quarter 2 is likely to trough. So sequentially, things ought to start be getting better. We'll still be in a recessionary period and down on the comps year-on-year, but sequentially, we'll start -- we should start to see growth after quarter 2. And so as far as the economy is concerned, we think it's down in the second half. So if you want to say risk, yes, there is risk in our economic scenario. If you take a look at our products, typically, our product seasonally has a better second half than first half. So in this year, the impact of the second-half pickup, which we normally see, is also going to be added on to a better economy. So that's why the growth is much stronger for here. We also see a number of plants coming onstream in the second half. You see that in the backup slide. And we expect a pickup in LNG orders, which we think starts to show in the fourth quarter profits in the -- on the equipment business trying to get better. So those are some of the reasons. There is risk on it. Yes, we have made a call on the future of the economy, but we do think that as our future looks, things are likely to get better.
Paul E. Huck: Yes, if you take a look at the economy, then we said we saw global manufacturing up 2% to 5%, we think it's probably coming out close to the middle portion of that range right now for us. The U.S. probably goes -- if the U.S. starts to get better as the fiscal is trying to indicate, it might go to the higher end for the U.S. Europe probably stays to the lower end of our previous forecast.
Paul E. Huck: Okay. Yes. I'll handle that. I know it's probably $0.02 to $0.03 a share on the EBIT aspect of things, all right? If you take a look at the equipment business end, the issue here for us is -- on the backlog, is the backlog includes LNG orders. It includes the air separation orders. As we consistently said on the LNG side that the profitably for that business is a lot better because we aren't selling a lot of purchase equipment along with the stuff we manufacture unlike we do in the air separation side. So the LNG backlog is actually down for us. And that's why as we look to the future, we are expecting the LNG backlog to pick back up. And when that happens, the profitability in the equipment business will improve.
Paul E. Huck: And so for us, what we see is that construction markets are still depressed as far as that. And distributor markets tells a lot about construction markets. So we haven't seen a lot of the big pickups in capital spending for us either which -- in the U.S.
Paul E. Huck: Okay, Mike. And that's, for us, we have taken a look at that. So I'm going to break it into 2 pieces. The contract mods, there is never a pattern to them. We had an unusual mods, which occurred in the last quarter, in quarter 4, which brought a lot of profit for us. That is not going to happen typically in the business. So I would not say that -- that was a one-time event for things. The other thing which we had in this year is we have the mods to -- on the polyurethane customer, which helped him survive a difficult time. For those things that caused us some profit, it's going to cost us a little bit ongoing, but that also was a one-time item. Now if you turn to does the business have a seasonal pattern? The answer to that is yes on the side of hydrogen, unfortunately, and not so much on the oxygen side. But remember, about 2/3 of the business is hydrogen for us. And so what we see is the bonuses for us peak in quarter -- in our Q4 and the maintenance spending is always the lowest typically in our Q4. And so that's always going to introduce more profit into Q4 for us typically than in the other quarters. So -- but last quarter, we had the impact of the mods, which obviously helped us. They didn't reoccur. The maintenance increased from quarter 4 to quarter 1. So that's why you see the large peak, and then we also -- the large drop. And also, the mods to the polyurethane customer. So quarter 1 was an unusually low quarter, but quarter 4 was an usually high quarter last month. So -- and you're just seeing that. I don't think you're ever going to see swings like that without unusual one-time items happening like, Mike.
Paul E. Huck: No, it's not. It's typically -- if you look at that, it depends upon when the turns are scheduled. It could be anywhere in quarter 1, quarter 2 or Q3, depending upon how much is due at that particular plant at that particular time for us.
Paul E. Huck: Okay. And the capacity right now is -- and we are waiting for the crude supply to come from our customers. It's being installed, a gas processing facility. We currently expect that to come onstream at the end of quarter 2.
Paul E. Huck: I don't think we're -- as far as China is concerned, the market and the dynamics remain the same. It's a competitive market, and we think we are positioned well and have a good set of products chased in the on-site orders.
Paul E. Huck: The answer is yes. It is sustainable. And it didn't come from volume, obviously, as you see that sequentially. And it's by principally -- and the plants going out and running well, we also had, towards the end of the quarter, the argon sourcing improved for us, with the LaPorte being onstream in the U.S. And so that -- and that helped also, of course.
Paul E. Huck: Yes, I think it would. Yes, and we believe electronics is going to pick up sequentially, quarter 1 to quarter 2, and even more so in quarter 3 and quarter 4, Mike.
Paul E. Huck: And the thing which we are going to manage, Mark, is we're going to manage to a debt rating for us. And so as we look at our capital spending and everything like that and our cash flows, we have a Eurobond which is coming due in the beginning of April. And we're going to use the bit of proceeds to pay down the Eurobond for us. And then if capital spending needs go up, we will borrow more, but we're managing toward -- right now to be a debt -- to be A rating.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. And so it is certainly going to help crack spreads for them. It certainly will help if they're going to export products out of the U.S. into other countries for those things. So it does help them in that way, Mark. As far as driving the price of gas down for us overall, it's not going to have a big impact of that, which -- to take gas from $3.50 to $3, it’s not going to do that.
