Melissa Schaeffer: Thank you, Seifi. Now please turn to slide 10 for a review of our first quarter results. As Seifi stated, our business fundamentals are strong. In comparison to last year, we continue to show underlying sales growth with both positive volume and price. Overall, price for the quarter was up despite lower energy costs across most regions. Volume improved 3% driven by strong on-site volume, including higher demand for hydrogen and contributions from new assets, but partially offset by weaker demand for helium, particularly in Asia. Declining natural gas prices in Europe and North America resulted in 11% lower energy cost pass-through for the company overall. This had no impact on profit, but contributed to higher margins. EBITDA improved 8% as favorable volume, price net of power cost, and equity affiliate income, more than offset higher costs driven by higher plan maintenance, activities and inflation. EBITDA margin of 39.2% jumps more than 500 basis points with lower energy cost pass-through contributing to about three-fourths of this improvement. ROCE remains steady at about 12%. Adjusting for cash, our ROCE would have been about 13%. Sequentially, results were unfavorable primarily due to seasonality in the Americas and sale of equipment headwinds in our corporate segments. Now please turn to slide 11 for a discussion of our earnings per share. Our first quarter adjusted earnings was $2.82 per share up $0.18 or 7%, compared to last year due to favorable volume, pricing, and higher equity affiliate income partially offset by unfavorable costs. Volume was $0.11 due to improvements in America and Europe, which more than offset shortfalls in Asia and the corporate segment. Price, net of variable costs, contributed $0.15 this quarter, driven by both pricing actions and lower power costs. Costs had an unfavorable impact of $0.21, driven by higher planned and maintenance costs, inflation, and our efforts support our growth strategy. Equity affiliate income was $0.18 higher due to the contribution of the second phase of the Jazan project and positive results from our unconsolidated joint ventures across most regions. The remaining items including lower tax rates, higher interest expense and other non-operating expense together had a modest negative $0.05 impact. Before I turn the call to Dr. Serhan, I would also like to thank the people of Air Products for their commitment to the company. I am proud to be working alongside them as we continue to execute our strategy. Now to begin to review our business segment results, I'll turn the call to Dr. Serhan.
Melissa Schaeffer: Yes, absolutely. Thank you, Seifi. And hi, Duffy, how are you? So first of all, Duffy, so our EBITDA cash eversion is stable and our distributable and investment cash flow are both positive. So that's in line with our year-over-year EBITDA improvement. Additionally, we have industry-leading DSO, so all very strong. We did see an incremental reduction in our operating cash flow to EBITDA this quarter. There are a few items that attribute to this, namely it's really timing component related to our distributions of earnings for our large equity affiliate. Again, not an issue with profit, just timing. And the second one is we do manage and look to derisk our helium supply chain and then so we are building some of our helium inventory, which obviously has an offset to operating cash, but obviously, we'll attribute to process moving forward.
Melissa Schaeffer: Yes. So let me give you an answer the merchant. So merchant-on-merchant pricing was up slightly. So we had stronger merchant-merchant pricing in the Americas and Asia, which was partially offset by some small decrease in Europe. However, I do want to mention that in Europe, our conversion margin stayed strong because the power cost decreased at a faster rate than our -- so the conversion margin maintain strong in all three regions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Dr. Serhan. Now please turn to a slide number 17. As I always say a real competitive advantage is the commitment, dedication, and motivation of our people. I am proud to see that commitment and motivation in action every day in our company, and I'm very proud of our people. The fundamentals of our existing business are strong and we are moving forward. The short-term issues we have discussed do not change the compelling long-term prospects of Air Products. Air Products is pursuing a first mover growth strategy with our core industrial gases business as the first pillar and our blue and green hydrogen projects as the second pillar. Executing our strategy in these two pillars with sustainability underpinning, both of them, enables us to fulfill our higher purpose as a company, which is to help solve significant energy and environmental challenges in our world, that is our highest purpose. First, our industrial gases business and technology solutions help customers across dozens of industries improve yield, increase production, reduce energy consumption, and lower emissions. In other words, to make more with less, while reducing the impact on the environment. Second, the world needs more energy and wants that energy delivered with a lower carbon footprint. At Air Products, we are demonstrating our leadership position, leveraging our decade-long experience, core competencies, core technologies, and our ability to execute world-scale hydrogen projects. By producing and delivering low and zero carbon hydrogen at the scale for heavy duty transportation and industry, we can meaningfully contribute to the goal of decarbonizing the world. We believe that the first mover advantage will be substantial and deliver enduring long-term shareholder value, both in terms of return to Air Products and in generating a cleaner future for everybody. With that, we are now more than happy to take your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Gulf Coast ammonia is consists of two different parts. One if the hydrogen plant and other one is the actual ammonia plant. I can comment on the hydrogen plant, because we own that and that is a sale of gas. That is on the stream and it's producing revenue. And on the other part, I don't want to comment, because we don't own that facility and I like the owners to make a statement on that if it's necessary.
Seifi Ghasemi: Jeff, you are absolutely right that is the case. In the first quarter, our costs were higher, because of the sale of equipment issue that you mentioned. And we expect that in the -- as we go forward, that would not be repeated and therefore our year-to-year costs will be lower as I had mentioned to you before.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you for the question and that's an excellent question. Number one, we do not have any issues with having helium molecules for sale. We are actually the best -- we have always been the supplier that has delivered helium to people when they need it, we have pattern, we have significant production facilities around the world, so we are a very reliable supplier and we have always been. The issue with helium is that number one demand is lower especially in electronics across the board and particularly in China and in Asia. And the other thing is that as I said we operate on the basis that we want value for the product that we are selling. So we have held on the pricing and whether we might have lost some market share, that is possible. But we have no issues delivering the product, but we definitely see, as I said, a weakness in demand across the world. And in terms of Air Products, in terms of helium volumes, obviously Asia is a significant part of that. It's not the other regions use a lot of helium too, but Asia is the biggest.
Seifi Ghasemi: That's an excellent question. Obviously the guidance is what is our best estimate at this point, right? We can foresee the world events. But fundamentally, when you look Air Products during the years, we consistently deliver about 46%, 47% percent of the year results in the first-half, and we deliver around 53%, 54% in the second-half, so the second-half is usually our strongest quarter because of seasonality. So you should take that into account and then the other thing that we are right now by giving you the guidance is that we are expecting that in the second-half of the year some of the onsite projects that we have will be running very strong and therefore we will have a higher income from those. That is our estimate as of today. But how the world will turn, we'll see. But that is how we bridge the gap of why we will be able to deliver the $7 versus the $5.50 in the first-half.
Seifi Ghasemi: John, first of all, thank you for your question and I hope all is well with you. There is no weakness in on-site in China. You know, our on-site business is take or pay across the world, therefore we don't see any issues there. The fundamental issue is on the merchant side and helium, and that is related to the economic activity. I just like to caution everybody on the call that the economic situation in China is not as robust as people might think. We, as you know, we make products that are used instantaneously. We are a great leading indicator. And things are not really that exciting, that part of the world.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well first of all, up to now we have not seen any incidents none of these missiles and so on have been directed at the facility. So I mean, I can't predict the future, but up to now there has not been any issues. The refinery is running fully our business -- our investment I mean our performance there is great I'm very proud of our people. We are operating 16 gasifiers, which are the largest in the world for gas declined the bottom of the refinery and despite predictions for the worst those things are actually working and they are producing syngas, they are supplying hydrogen to the refinery and we are making close to 4,000 megawatts of power that is delivered to the Saudi grid. So up to now everything is fine. Thank you.
Seifi Ghasemi: Right now in that $5 billion and $5.5 billion that is not a significant amount of money for the project on Texas, because we are in the process of getting the permit and doing the preliminary engineering. But we did spend a few $100 million, but it is not significant part of that $5.5 billion. The $5 billion to $5.5 billion is mainly going to be spent on our continuing operations in NEOM in Saudi Arabia for our green hydrogen facility, a substantial amount of it will go to our blue hydrogen facility and other substantial amounts will be our blue hydrogen facility in Canada and then obviously our expenditure on the sustainable airline fuel facility in Los Angeles. And then obviously we have our maintenance CapEx and about $1 billion a year that we spend on our day-to-day investments like any other industrial gas business that they don't usually talk about it and we don't put out press releases about how many small projects won, because we do win small projects like everybody else, but that is about $1 billion too and our maintenance CapEx is around 500, 600 and so $1.5 billion is those and then the rest of it is for the big project.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well for the past six or seven years I have always been telling people that I personally believe that dividend should be a percentage of the stock price and we had given people a guidance that we target that we pay about 2.5% of our stock price as dividends and we were doing that. But now with the stock price where it is, and you are talking about now more than $7. It is significantly higher than that. So I don't see why we should significantly increase the dividend than the stock prices where it is, because the shareholders are getting more than 2.5% from the stock and then 10% growth and it becomes at least almost again 12.5% return if they buy the stock. If there is no issue with respect to our cash or our cash flow and so on, but we also have investors who believe we shouldn't pay any dividend, but obviously that will never happen and they are never going to reduce the dividend. But the rate of increase is very directly related to the stock price, my friend.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well that's one then I'm going to get into disclosing the operational details of our customers and I'm not -- I don't have the privilege of doing that because of the confidentiality agreements we have. So if you give me a break, I cannot answer that question in detail. Sorry about that.
Seifi Ghasemi: First of all, good morning, Vincent. Thanks for the good question. You know, usually what happens with the electronic industry and you know this better than I do, is that they run very strongly during the third quarter of the calendar year to make all of the chips and so on which are used for all the toys and everything that people are going to buy for Christmas. And then when that period is over, usually the fourth quarter of the year for the chipmakers is slower. That is the general thing. And then in addition to that, you do have economic conditions and all of that. I am not an expert in terms of the dynamics of the electronic industry, but I would like to tell you that, that is what we are seeing, that a lot of these people are slowing down. And then the other thing that might be in play is that the helium price is being high, it significantly affects the operational people at the chip manufacturing facilities to try to conserve as much helium as they can or other users. So there might be a little bit of a demand destruction too.
Seifi Ghasemi: That's a very difficult question to answer, to be honest. That might be the case, but I don't want to predict that, Vincent. I don't know.
Seifi Ghasemi: David, you are asking a question that we have never answered, that is we have never really disclosed the details of the performance of our helium business for competitive reasons. And I'm sure you understand that. So I do not want to quantify that exactly. But if you look at the, you know, when you compare to last year -- when we compare to last year, we are still ahead. But we are trying to explain is the difference between what we delivered versus guidance versus last year we are still ahead. But we expected, we did not expect the weakness in helium the way it has materialized. Would it continue in the second quarter and the third quarter -- I mean in the second, third and fourth quarter of our fiscal year remains to be seen and that is one of the reasons we lowered our guidance, because we are allowing for the fact that it might continue. But we don't know for sure.
Seifi Ghasemi: No, we don't expect any improvement. We expect things to be the way they are. I just hope that things don't get worse because of the geopolitical developments. But we are not factoring in any significant improvement in the world economy. No, that's correct.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, on the other three, we don't have anything substantial to report other than what we have told you before. So, things are going okay with them as of right now. So we do not have anything material that has happened to report to you.
Seifi Ghasemi: NEOM, we are expecting December 31, 2026. With Louisiana, what we have said up to now has been fiscal year 2028 and with SAF it is somewhere around fiscal year 2027, depending on us getting all of the permits that we need. So, I'm sorry, with [Indiscernible], I'd like to correct that to 2027, I think I said ‘28, but in 2027. That's approximately the timeline for those projects.
Seifi Ghasemi: We do not have any involvement in that and I don't want to give you a scientific answer, but that's a little bit of a pie in the sky that there's hydrogen sitting there that you need to do to reveal and it will come out at zero cost. But we are not involved in any projects like that. And we are not going to get involved in that because we just do not think that that is reality.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, on that one, you are raising an excellent point. We have basically told people that do not expect any announcement about any off-take until about a year or year and a half before the plans come on stream. And the main reason for that is that we believe that as we get closer to the deadlines that companies have to comply with the new environmental rules. They would certainly realize that there are not that many real commercial facilities coming on the stream that has the product. Therefore the value of our product will be higher than what people think it is today. So we are not in a hurry to sign any agreements. We think the demand is there. So we are going to take our time. But in the meantime, if somebody wants to act sooner and gives us a contract, a long-term contract, at the prices that we expect, we might announce that sooner. But I wouldn't want the investors to expect any announcements soon.
Seifi Ghasemi: Duffy, I'm glad you asked that question. We are very excited about that. I think it was the right decision and that will cut about -- we think about a year on the time line of us getting the permit for the Class 6 well. And we do have an excellent relationship with the State of Louisiana, but it's not the relationship. We are going to do the right thing by having the State Louisiana review that. We gain time because the State of Louisiana will have less Class 6 wells to deal with than EPA. So it's just a matter of the workload and they did the right thing by distributing the workload. Therefore, now the State of Louisiana will have fewer applications, and therefore, they can approve our project by about a year faster than the federal government would have done that. So that is why it is very helpful and very impactful and gives us a lot more confidence in terms of our ability to get the Class 6 permit if we need it.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, that is a very good question. Theoretically, whatever Amur produces in Russia, theoretically there is global sanctions on that. That, that is not supposed to be getting into the market. Is it getting into the market illegally and therefore increasing the supply of helium, and therefore that is why people are buying from other people? It could be the case. I am not sure. But the detailed dynamics on that are. And I don't want to be interpreting sanctions laws and all of that. But what you are suggesting is a possibility. We are looking into that. We haven't seen any significant factor from that yet, and at least we don't see it yet, but it might be the case.
Seifi Ghasemi: I don't think we want to quantify the details of every one of them, but the Argentine currency is easy. I'll answer that, make it a lot easy for Melissa, is that effect was about $10 million on our bottom line, for the Argentine currency about $0.03.
Seifi Ghasemi: No, the rest of it, we don't want to break down how much was helium, how much was the sale of equipment and how much was the slowdown in China because then we will be giving you very too much competitive information, if you don't mind.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, quite frankly, we did -- that is one of the areas where we did better than we expected. Our results in Europe are excellent, the margins are up 1,000 basis points, and that is because people have done a good job hanging on to the price while energy prices are going down. How this will develop in the future obviously depends on what happens to energy prices and so on. But I'm very proud of our people in terms of their performance and in terms of making sure that they maintain the pricing and we have been successful. And as Dr. Serhan was saying, our European business did very well during the quarter.
Seifi Ghasemi: Sorry. I made a mistake about the timing, we can answer some more questions, if necessary. If people have questions, go ahead.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that -- I don't like to give you a general answer in the sense that if you're up year-on-year and in the meantime China is going down, helium volumes are lower and we have had these headwinds, then the only reason that it's going up is because some of the other projects are contributing, of course. So that's the way I would like to leave it with you, okay? Negative is still going up. Therefore, the other products are contributing, yes.
Seifi Ghasemi: I think Air Products will deliver on the average an EPS growth of the 10% that we have delivered before. That's our goal. And one year, we might be 9%, one year we're going to be 11%. But overall, we are going to continue on that trend. And we promised that 10-years ago, we have delivered, and I fully expect that we will continue to deliver that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes. Alberta, Canada is the next one, which is going to come onstream. And as Dr. Serhan said, we expect that to be in fiscal year 2025.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, after that, we will have in '26 -- by the end of fiscal year '26, we will have -- by the end of calendar '26, we will have our green hydrogen project in Saudi Arabia, The year after that, we will have our blue hydrogen project in Louisiana. And the year after that, we will have hopefully other projects that we will announce.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, it is related to the fact that we are building this plant in California. And you know in California, it usually takes a long time to get permits. So it is dependent on the timing of the permits for construction for that facility. Once we have a final, final ruling on the permit, then we will be able to give you a definite date about when that plant is going to come onstream.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, you're asking a very, very good question and I would like to tell you that we are the first mover in these projects. We are investing significant amount of money being the first mover. We -- obviously, my job is try to maximize return for the investors. And if we were the first mover and we took the risk, as they say, building these facilities before we had contracts, we should get rewarded by that and not just have projects which have the standard returns but be rewarded with a higher return. That's one thing. And then the second thing is that we genuinely believe that where we are in these projects, we will have a product which will be in significant demand as we get closer to people trying to comply with the rules that are already in place, in Europe especially. By 2028, a lot of the industries have to use the products that we make, and we don't see that many people making the product. So in that case, we are not in a hurry to give it away. Obviously, our job is to maximize profit for the company, get the best that we can, and that is the philosophy that we are following. It is not because of concerns about the other things that you mentioned, no. I think that the subsidies and so on are going to get enacted. Every day that goes by you see the governments taking action. Recently it was Japan, before it has been Europe, it's well established, U.S. with the IRA. So events as you go forward every day points in the direction that hopefully our strategy is the right strategy, and we want to take maximum advantage of that.
Seifi Ghasemi: And with respect to FX, when we give you an estimate, we give you an estimate based on the exchange rates as of today. So that is -- we are not assuming any significant change in the exchange rate.
Seifi Ghasemi: Okay. Thank you very much. I really appreciate that. Operator, since there are no other questions, I would like to thank everybody for joining our call today. We again appreciate your interest in Air Products, and we look forward to discussing our results with you in 3 months. All the very best, and thank you for listening.
Samir Serhan: Thank you for the question. We remain incredibly excited about our first blue net zero hydrogen project that's in the construction phase right now. We look to bring it on stream in fiscal year ‘25 in line with our customer plans. There are no updates in regard to the deployed capital and also the government incentive we provided that already. So again, we're really fully committed to this asset and things are going well, and we're aligned with our customer IOL.
Samir Serhan: Yes. I just want to start by saying this project really has been a great fit for both Air Products and Uzbekistan. It leverages our core competencies and address the country's desire for energy independence and socioeconomic development. This project includes the world's largest ATRs, auto thermal reformer. And just to remind everybody, to produce blue hydrogen, you need to use auto-thermal reformers and those are the largest in the world, or you need to use box units, which are the partial oxidation, which is the technology we bought from GE gasification. We are excited about the operational and technological synergies by operating these large ATRs. The asset was brought onstream in October '23. We expect that to contribute around $0.35 for the full-year.
Samir Serhan: Actually Seifi, there has been a report from the International Energy Agency that indicated that out of all of the projects announced for green hydrogen by 2030 to come onstream, only 7% will eventually come onstream by 2030.
