Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide 16, Asia, where we continue to deliver strong sales and profit growth. I was just in Asia last week and remained very excited about our growth opportunities. We have an excellent and committed team running our business in Asia. At this point, we have not seen any meaningful impact on our business or projects as a result of any trade issues between the United States and China. It will be interesting, however, to see how the Lunar New Year holiday impacts the economy this coming quarter. We remained focused on our business in China and very positive on our long-term growth prospects in China. Sales were 3% lower than last year with 2% lower volume and 3% unfavorable currency, partially offset by better pricing and higher energy pass -through. Excluding the impact of plant sale last year that Scott mentioned, sales were up 16%. Again, excluding the impact of plant sale last year, volumes were up 17% with new projects primarily Lu'An driving about 10% of the increase, while the base business and small acquisitions accounted for the rest. Overall pricing for the region was up 1% versus last year, the seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year price improvement. The Merchant business pricing was up 3% with positive pricing across all sub regions in Asia. The strong volumes and pricing plus favorable productivity increased both profits and margins. EBITDA increased by over 20% and EBITDA margin improved 920 basis points. Excluding prior year plant sale, EBITDA was up more than 30% and margins were up 470 basis points. Sequentially, profits and margins increased due to productivity and the full running rate from Lu'An. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Scott to discuss our Americas results.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Simon. As you all know very well, we are living in a very uncertain world today. Air Products can't predict or control worldwide political or economic developments. But we do have control over our operational performance and our growth investment. And we are confident we will continue to deliver on the commitments we've made despite the world events. We have not seen any material impact on Air Products at this point from these global uncertainties as demonstrated by our results in the first quarter. Our team around the world continuous to be very excited about Air Products' future. Our five point strategic plan provides the framework to drive our success going forward. And our safety, productivity and operating performance continue to provide the foundation for our continue growth. We have the financial capacity, the opportunities and the team to successfully win key growth projects. Now please turn to Slide 21. We are all working hard everyday to be the safest, most divest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. Despite increased economic and political uncertainty, our guidance for the fiscal year 2019 remains unchanged and is in a range of $8.05 to $8.30 per share. And despite currency headwinds at midpoint, our guidance represents 10% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2018 performance. For quarter two of fiscal year 2019, our earnings per share guidance is $1.80 to $1.90 at midpoint up 8% over last year. We continue to expect our capital expenditure to be in the range of $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion for fiscal year 2019. And finally please turn to Slide 22. As always, our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate our superior safety and operational performance. I want to thank all of our 16,000 people around the world for their total commitment and hard work. And for embracing the opportunities in front of us with energy and spirit of working together. Now we are delighted to answer your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Okay. With that, I'd like to thank everybody for being on the call. Thanks for taking time from your very busy schedule. And we appreciate your interest in our company. Thank you for the very good questions that allow us to kind of articulate our results. And we look forward to talking to you in next quarter with hopefully better results. Thank you very much.
SeifiGhasemi: Sure. I'll start from Asia. We continue to see very good growth in countries like Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia, Indonesia, out of those countries, India, out of those countries. With respect to China, we've not seen any slowdown yet. The only thing that concerns us and we are keeping an eye on it is how is the Lunar New Year in China play out. That means that are people going to take longer shutdowns because of the way that the Chinese New Year is kind of situated calendar wise. That people would take longer weekend or longer -- that is the only thing that we are watching. And quite frankly that is one of the reasons that contrary to our usual practice, we've given you a guidance of $0.10 rather than $0.05 a spread for this quarter. So that is -- as I said we've not seen any significant slowdown in our business in China. But the Lunar New Year and how it plays can have its effect and that is why we didn't, you can say that you are conservative in our guidance for the quarter. The rest of Asia is doing very well as I said. When we come in Europe, Europe is flat. Again, the concern that we have is what all of the turmoil with respect to Brexit. What would be the effect in the next few months on the pound exchange rate and also the business in -- our business United Kingdom? As you know, we've a big business there. So that is again another reason why we were conservative in our estimate for the second quarter. In the United States, things have not changed since we've talked last time. There is a slowdown of industrial production but we do not see any material impact on our results and that is why we are not changing our overall estimate for the year. We do expect a stronger second half than the first half because of some of the projects and pricing actions that we've taken and that are why we remain very confident about the guidance that we've given for the year. In addition, I also have to add that things remain very, very negative in Latin America but that's not a big part of our business.
SeifiGhasemi: Well, as you recall in the last call I was very transparent about my dissatisfaction with our cost performance. So, obviously, everybody took that to heart and we've worked very hard on productivity to improve our cost position. And we hope to see that number improving as we go forward. So we've taken action, Don.
SeifiGhasemi: Good morning, Chris. Sure. Obviously, Lu'An was about 10% of the growth. But the rest of the growth we are reporting Asia results. The rest of the growth is coming from as I said, China. Despite what everybody says a slowdown or slowdown but they are growing at 6.6%. So we see the benefit of that in our merchant business. But in addition as I said, countries like Korea, Taiwan, Indonesia, Malaysia, they are doing very well and the contributed to positive results.
SeifiGhasemi: Sure. First of all, the plant outages totally in line with expectations. These are -- as we grow our business and we've more and more hydrogen plants, obviously, the turnaround -- there are more turnarounds to deal with. But there is nothing out of line; they are all in accordance with our expectation. There is nothing unexpected has happened. With respect to hydrogen demand, obviously, significant driver for our hydrogen demand in the US is how many miles people drive and the gasoline demand. But that has continues to remain stable. As per the future, as you know, we have announced two new hydrogen plants that we are going to build, liquid hydrogen plants. We see significant growth opportunities for liquid hydrogen and in terms of so called gases hydrogen there are projects being discussed in the United States, in the Gulf Course and other areas that would require significant amount of hydrogen for the production of chemicals and we will obviously participate on that. So, overall, we remain very positive.
SeifiGhasemi: Bob, first of all, thank you for your comments. We definitely have moved into a direction of stabilizing the business, getting the company focused on the right business and significantly enhancing our onsite presence because that is a much more stable business. And we have changed our business model to get into syngas production where we see significant opportunity. We do have the lot of cash on hand. We have a very strong balance sheet. And with the acquisition of the technologies from Shell and GE and others, we are in a very strong positive to be the leader in gasification. And there are many, many, many opportunities. As for the why our multiple, I am not selling a product stock. I mean my job is to articulate our strategy and tell our investors what we are doing, and then they will decide the multiples. I think the market is under estimating our ability to deploy the cash. And that I also understand that there is a lot of concern about gasification. It's a new area. There was a lot of concern when we announced Lu'An about this. Do you know how to run gasifiers and all of that? I am hoping that as we go forward, we demonstrate that we can run these facilities and as we sign more, large deals which will significantly strengthen our portfolio that the investors will give us due consideration in time. As I said my job is not to argue about the multiple. My job is to explain and articulate our strategy and I think in time the investors will see where we are as compared to our competitors.
SeifiGhasemi: Bob, it is a meaningful opportunity. The best example of that is the $8 billion project that we are doing in Saudi Arabia. That is all about taking the bottom of the refinery and gasifying get an upgrading it because they wouldn't be able to sell that to the market for fueling the ships. So that is the best example. This opportunity is great. There is a great opportunity. The issue is that a lot of people are not taking action because they are hoping that the implementation of IMO2020 will be delayed. And as I am sure you know there is lot of lobbying going on by some of the industry in the United States to that. But in the long term that is going to be a good -- significant opportunity, yes.
SeifiGhasemi: I'll have Scott answer the question that you had asked. But on the cost side, the cost side is related to increasing our capabilities. But I'd like Scott to answer your first question. Go ahead, Scott.
SeifiGhasemi: Yes. We had promised the investors and we keep our promise that our dividends will be 2.5% to 3% of the stock price. And we right now increase the dividend to be at around 3%. So if next quarter the stock price goes up significantly, which obviously we hope so then we will increase the dividend. That is the guiding principle.
SeifiGhasemi: Well, Steve, how do you want me to answer that question without giving a lot of information to our competitors which is not necessary? Obviously, you are very right that the EBITDA margin on that business is over 50%. Actually a lot more than 50%, yes.
SeifiGhasemi: Yes, absolutely. The fact that we owned the technology. We have inherited the people who know what the hell they are doing. And we were able to take over those gasifiers and run them very efficiently, run more efficiently than they were otherwise run. And that is why the profitability is higher because we are creating value for our partners. Because we are running that plant very efficiently and obviously as a result we are seeing the good results. Yes, owning the technology, owning the Shell technology is by far the biggest competitive advantage that we have. And also the GE technology and that is putting us in it two advantages. Number one, we know what they are doing and number two, owning these technologies is giving us visibility to projects way before everybody knows about it because if somebody is thinking about the project 10 years from now, the first thing they do as you know in the FEED study and all of that, they select the technology. Therefore, they talk to us, they before they even have a project or announce a project or issue a request for quotation. So we end up having a three, four, five year head start on our competitors.
SeifiGhasemi: That plant, it was shutdown has nothing to do with gasification as you know. It's steel plant. It's a plant that they have been supplying oxygen to since 2005 and that plant was in middle of a city. So it is not a surprise that in time the city grows and therefore that plant either has to move or get shutdown. So right now that plant has been shutdown. We did have take or pay contract on that. But the take or pay contract, obviously, at the end of the day the plant is shutdown as force majeure, and you have to deal with that. But that's not a material part of our business. And in the future do we have other plants who are in the middle of cities that might be shutdown, smaller plant that can happen too. So nothing surprise at all.
SeifiGhasemi: Good morning, Kevin. Thank you very much for your good questions. Number one, with respect to opportunities. The opportunities that we are working on, these gasification project, they are not driven by the economy. They are driven by the strategic decision by countries like China, India, Indonesia, Uzbekistan and all of these other places to become independent of oil. They have the coal resources and they want to convert that to chemicals. So as a result, the reason I am very confident is because currently we are working on more than 52 of these projects. So if they all materialize, it would require $70 billion of investments. So we are -- we've positioned ourselves properly. We've chosen the technology. We have the people and we are well positioned and we have the cash to invest. And therefore, that is what makes me confident. And whatever happens to the economy, I think these countries will need to do these projects in order to become independent strategically from oil. So that -- with respect to the Yankuang project. That project is a huge project. It's about $12 million project. And we are working on that with Yankuang and trying to develop that. There are obviously environmental issues, investment issues and all of that. And we expect that project to be on a stream somewhere in around 2022. And we will give you an update as we go forward.
SeifiGhasemi: P J, first of all, if I may just go around the world. China, if you take all of China, their utilization rate is only about 56%-57%. But there are -- China is a very big country. There are pockets in China that there our utilization is about 90%-92% and that is what is giving us the pricing power. Utilization rates in Europe are still at around 75%-76% and the same thing is in the United States. But again even in Europe or in the US, there are pockets, as you know, industrial gases, the merchant business is very, very local. So we can be having another capacity in California but no capacity in Pennsylvania. So, we obviously analyze these things in detail and take action as appropriate. With respect to the end market, there is no specific end market that is driving this. It is just utilization of the plant in the specific geography that you are located.
SeifiGhasemi: We are not buying stock and we don't plan to buy stock because we think, if you do the math, that you can do better than I do, if you have projects like Lu'An to invest, the return for the investors is a lot higher than us going and wasting that cash on giving money to a bunch of people who are going to go away and will not be a longer-term shareholder. So it is a very economic decision. If I think people who buy stock are people who have run out of steam in terms of growth. And therefore the only way that they can make shareholders happy is to announce stock buyback program. We have the opportunity to invest our money in projects that in the long term will generate or have a lot more value for our shareholders than buying back stock. And, as you know, I am a big shareholder and I am very passionate about this because I want to make money -- more money in the long term, not to get cash this afternoon and then disappear.
SeifiGhasemi: So your first question and I don't want to jinx ourselves. So I am going to be knocking on with it little bit. The Lu'An project, the operation is going very well. All four gasifiers are running at capacity. Our customer has the need for the product. Their business is doing very well. They are taking all of the syngas and converting into chemicals and selling it and making money. So up to now it has been very positive. I am very, very, very proud of our team down there. We have something like 400 people working on this gasifier and running it everyday. And we have, as I've always been telling investors we know how to run process plants. If you run a hydrogen plant, you should be able to run a gasifier. But I have to say that the acquisition of the Shell technology and to having those people on our team has significantly helped us to be able to do that. So from that point of view it is -- we are doing very well. With respect to the GE, we have closed the GE, yes. And we are in the process of -- yes, thank you very much.
SeifiGhasemi: Jim, as you know, these -- our LNG business is the kind of business that you either get a big contract or you don't get a big contract. So I don't want to make too much of a prediction here but the signs are positive. That means that it is possible that we would be awarded some additional contracts. And that is one of the reasons that maybe we are little bit more optimistic about confirming our results. But these things are not done until they are done. There are a lot of projects on the drawing board as you know. And if anything happens we will obviously make appropriate announcement. But I have to say that I am more optimistic today than I was six months ago.
SeifiGhasemi: Well, I think the corporate segment in terms of the cost of running the companies on a day to day basis are finance department, legal department, IT department and all of that. You know how we operate. You shouldn't expect much of a change there. I mean that is going to be steady with no significant increases. As far as any kind of plant sale that we might have that would show up in that sector or our LNG business and all of that, I think for your model assume flat and then anything that happens would be good news.
SeifiGhasemi: But as a rule of thumb, I think you should assume, on this year we are saying we will spend about $2.5 billion. I think you should assume that in the next few years that number will go to about $3.5 billion every year.
SeifiGhasemi: It is cost increases related to -- when we buy Shell technology, when we buy the technology GE; we get a lot of people. Our pursuing-- as I told you more than 50 gasification projects. So that's another almost a 100 people that you have to put in there in order to develop these projects. Those are the cost in terms of the section where you see that is, Scott --
SeifiGhasemi: Well, John, we have said that our minimum requirement is 10%, but if we can get a project at 25% we will do that. So I think your analysis is exactly correct that as we become the partner of choice, we should be able to command a higher price. And obviously there is other dynamic is that if our competitors are announcing $6 billion share buyback then I assume they don't have the money to compete in this project which would put us in a better position.
SeifiGhasemi: Well, first of all, the Linde merger is not close there, David, as you know. So there is certainly no impact from that. But, as you know, in general competitors pricing and so on, I have my lawyer looking at me and saying don't say anything considering the nature of the industry. So I apologize for not being able to comment on that. I shouldn't comment on that.
SeifiGhasemi: I think what would help us is a Lunar New Year shutdown in China which is normal rather than being longer. A stabilization of the discussions on Brexit and making sure that our business in UK doesn't suffer. And a better hopefully a few orders for the LNG that would help too.
SeifiGhasemi: Well, if all of the projects that we are talking about gasification actually materialized, and we deploy the capital that we are talking about, we will grow a lot better than 10%. If we look at the conventional industrial gas business worldwide and consider that that business will grow with the GDP worldwide, therefore you can't expect much more than 3% to 4% growth every year. So when we say 10%, we expect at least 6% from gasification and larger projects. But as I said, if we can actually implement and deploy the capital and have 10 more projects like Lu'An then we will grow a lot better than 10%.
SeifiGhasemi: Well, I'm glad you asked the question. We remain totally committed to our core business. We are going to invest as much as we possibly can in our merchant business, in our standard gas generators, our hydrogen business and all of that. So the gasification is not taking anything away from that. We will be as aggressive and as you know enthusiastic in investing in our core business. Gasification is on top of that but the gasification is not going to take away from our focus on our normal business. We are not going to concede any market share anywhere in the world in our LOX/LIN, LAR business, our helium business, our hydrogen business. And we will invest in those businesses as appropriate. All we are saying is that those businesses fundamentally are not going to grow much better than GDP. And therefore you need to have another vehicle in order to meet our ambitious goal of delivering more than 10%. And we have found that vehicle to be gasification and very large projects.
SeifiGhasemi: Well, Mike, that's a very good question. We remain committed as we has always been to make sure that our customers have access to competitive product. So the way we approach this thing is that, I mean, this is our business everyday. When we look at that area and we see that we are operating at 90% and the market is growing, we obviously go on build the merchant plant in order to make sure we can supply the market. And then when we see an area in like in Minnesota where there is a really very few competitors competing in there, and the market is growing then it is appropriate for us to go and build a plant. So our approach is focused on meeting the demands of our customers and making sure they have access to product.
SeifiGhasemi: Helium is obviously a very rare commodity. There are not that many places where you can produce it. And we are the largest helium producer in the world. So we are very committed again to meet the demands of our customers. And therefore we develop helium opportunities anywhere in the world that we can possibly do. We have been operating in Algeria for many years. And we saw an opportunity to be able to expand on our operation there and to make helium available to our customers. We are very proud that right now as we speak we are the only helium producer in the world who has not declared force majeure. I think we are very committed on that. We always make sure that we have supply for our customers. So the helium business is growing. There is significant amount of rocket launches that require helium. A significant amount of growth in medical use for MRI machines and all of that. And Air Products as the leader of the helium business worldwide is committed to make sure that we have product for our customers.
SeifiGhasemi: During a quarter it hasn't gone up that much because we haven't announced too many projects, but overall the backlog for our standard business is somewhere in the order of about $1.5 billion, and that hasn't changed significantly.
SeifiGhasemi: We look at those --that issue on a project-by-project basis in terms of where it is and all of that. So, as you know, when we announced the Jazan, the big project in Saudi Arabia, we said that that project is going to be order of magnitude more than $8 billion and on that front we are going to use 40% equity and 60% project finance. So it's very much driven by the specific project and the nature of the project. But when it comes to a project like Jiutai in China, there the capital requirement is $700 million. We do that 100% corporate finance. It's very specific project driven. We have time for another question. We have significantly run over time. So can we one other question, please.
SeifiGhasemi: I think you shouldn't -- the two are not comparable. I mean the reason that the plant, that Gufang plant was shutdown was because it was in the middle of the city. The city is growing and obviously the steel plant is an older steel plant and it is not equipped with all of the latest technology. And it didn't have the money to do that. So the government shut them down. The gasification plants that we are building are not in populated areas. They are significant projects which are related through significant $10 billion, $12 billion investment for chemical production. And the possibility of those things being shutdown -- they are actually being built because they are environmentally friendly. So there is really kind of no comparison between the two.
SeifiGhasemi: Well, my friend it's just like saying that if there is war in Venezuela they come and take over your plants like it has happened to Exxon before. So those are the kind of things that -- force majeure works both ways because we want to be protected that in case the government, we have a plant supplying steel plant and something goes wrong with our plant and they come and say, you can't operate. We can be liable to the customers to kind of supply them oxygen because we are under force majeure situation. Or when air compressor blows up in a plant which we have had situations like that, we declare force majeure so that we don't get sued by the customer for not supplying them oxygen to run their, or hydrogen to run their refineries. So that work both ways. So that's kind of standard in the contract.
ScottCrocco: If I could just add also that this is also an area that we saw good cost improvement as Seifi mentioned earlier. Nice cost performance in the quarter too.
ScottCrocco: Sure. Good morning, Jeff. Thanks for the question. So one of the things we introduced in the last quarter or so is what we refer to as merchant-on-merchant price increase and price change. So, as you know, Air Products has a large percentage of our portfolio, 50% in onsite. So when we go through the slides we will do price over the entire business of which two third or so in the US is tonnage. So we felt that's the 1% for AP, and 1% for Asia and 2% Americas and 2% EMEA. That's over the total portfolio of those businesses. What we thought would be helpful is to also additionally provide you with a merchant-on-merchant that looks at the price change and in this case increase so Air Products, 3%, Asia 3%, 4% for Americas, EMEA. The price increase on the merchant business. So we provide a little bit more insight as to what's going on that portion of the business as opposed to spread across the entire company. Hopefully, I was clear on that.
ScottCrocco: Sure. So first on pension. We expect to have a little bit of a drop this year versus last year on pension maybe for the year total pension expense. And so let me put it that way. Maybe it's like $30 million or so from an expense perspective. And by the way I know, Jeff, you've always interested in the cash flow statement. On contribution for the pension should be in the same line. So we think non cash expense versus contribution on the pensions to be about wash and call it $30 million and change. Then in terms of non-controlling interest. You are right that Lu'An was the biggest part of it, recognizing that we have, I think it was in the third quarter last year, we had a pure air adjustment that was a little bit of an anomaly because of the way that that arrangement was cancelled. I think in going forward we would expect to see, by the way the other, we also have a venture of the minority position over in Asia as well. So that's going to move around the non-controlling interest, but the biggest item in there is going to be Lu'An going forward.
ScottCrocco: Including a bunch of the non-GAAP stuff that we had in there, I think, it was up about that that level. My comments here around kind of the ongoing underlying to be, it was a little bit lower than that, but and all in was with something that order.
ScottCrocco: It's going to come, Hi, John, good morning. It's going to be coming in different method, so to speak, right. So if it is in -- if it is an asset buyback and that is going to come in big check. If it is a organic project, these are large particularly with big gasification projects the spending curve can be three, four years and so it will lumpy so to speak driven by the nature of the project itself. Whether it's an asset purchase or an organic.
ScottCrocco: That will be in corporate and then spread around depending on the nature of these costs that we are building our capability. But on the other item is the maintenance. The planned customer outages, so that's in that number as well and that's largely an Americas comments with the planned hike returns.
