Michael Scott Crocco: Thank you, Seifi. Now, please turn to Slide 8 for a more detailed review of our Q1 results. After ending FY 2014 with solid performance in Q4, we again delivered improved results to begin FY 2015 on a strong note. Sales of $2.6 billion increased 1%, a strong underlying growth of 5% was partially offset by an unfavorable currency impact of 3%, and a 1% impact from our decision to exit the PUI business. Volumes increased 4%, primarily from strength in three areas. In North America Gases we delivered broadly higher volumes across most businesses. This included strong hydrogen demand, particularly from our US Gulf Coast customers. In Gases Asia, volume growth was driven primarily by new plant startups in China. And in Materials Technologies we again saw solid growth across all businesses. Pricing was 1% higher, driven by broad-based price increases across Gases Americas. We delivered operating leverage again this quarter as EBITDA improved by 10% and operating income improved by 15% on the 1% sales growth. EBITDA margin improved to 28.2% while our operating margin improved to 17.4%, both up more than 200 basis points versus prior year. Sequentially, our profits and margins were down slightly as we saw lower seasonal sales in North America Gases and Materials Technologies. Overall, costs were flat with operational improvements offset by higher incentive comp. As a reminder, in Q4, we had lower incentive compensation costs across all the segments as a result of our final 2014 year-end payout. Versus prior year, net income increased 17% and earnings per share grew by 16%. Our fourth quarter trailing return on capital employed increased by 20 basis points to 10.1%. This is the first year-over-year improvement in some time. Our Q1 ROCE of 10.6% improved 140 basis points over last year. You can see this in the appendix slide. Both improvements are a result of better operating performance and costs focus. You’ve heard us talk quite a bit about our focus on cash. And we have said that we don’t want to be in a position to be borrowing money to pay dividends. This is consistent with the way we are focusing and running the business. Driven by a strong fourth quarter we were breakeven on this free cash flow metric in fiscal year 2014, a significant improvement over fiscal year 2013. As you can see in our first quarter 2015, we generated higher EBITDA, but this improvement was more than offset by increases in capital expenditures, cash taxes and dividends. It is not unusual for these items to move around quarter-to-quarter. For the remainder of fiscal 2015, we expect to continue delivering higher EBITDA due to our cost reduction efforts and our capital expenditures should decline in the second half of the year as we bring on-stream more projects from our backlog. We are certainly working towards being free cash flow positive for fiscal year 2015. Turning to Slide 10, you can see an overview of the factors that drove this quarter’s performance in terms of earnings per share. Before I comment on our Q1 operating performance I’d like to spend a moment reviewing two non-GAAP items that total $0.05. First, our restructuring charges totaling $32 million or $0.10 per share as a result of our decision to realign the organization. As I mentioned on last quarter’s call, we expect to see restructuring costs and pension settlement costs in FY 2015 as we continue to simplify the organization and reduce costs. Also we acquired our partner’s share of a small industrial gas production joint venture. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination. And as a result of revaluating our previously held equity interest to fair value, the quarter includes a gain of $18 million pre-tax or $0.05 per share. Excluding these items our Q1 continuing operations EPS of $0.55 increased $0.21 or 16% versus last year. Higher volumes increased EPS by $0.18. Pricing, energy and raw materials, taken together, contributed $0.04. Net cost performance was $0.08 favorable, as we are seeing the benefits of our focus on costs more than offsetting fixed costs inflation. The impact of the PUI business exit was $0.04. Unfavorable currency translations were $0.05 as almost all currencies weakened against the dollar. Equity affiliate income was $0.02 higher on better costs performance and higher volumes in Asia. Interest expense was lower but offset by higher non-controlling interests. Our tax rate of 24% remained unchanged versus prior year. And finally, higher shares outstanding reduced earnings per share by $0.02. Now to begin the review of our business segment results, I’ll turn the call over to Corning.
Michael Scott Crocco: Thanks, Seifi. So, yes, thanks for the question. So as Seifi has mentioned, we are looking at maximizing the cash flow out of our existing assets driving EBITDA increases. And now we have an organization that is accountable and have all the levers all the way through that incentive compensation targets. So the main thing we are looking to do is drive cash flow from the assets we have. We don’t, excuse me, we don’t have a target in terms of capital spending, we’re going to look at what the opportunities are that are out there. As Seifi had mentioned, every project greater than $3 million comes to him for his review. And I will tell you, the review and the discussion is around why is this consistent with our strategy? What’s the external market, what’s the competitive position, and how do we get a good investment for the risk and create value for the shareholder? So a little bit more background. We do not - we are obviously working, as I mentioned, trying to get to free cash flow positive for this year and looking forward to driving that even more in the future. So don’t have a target per se, but just telling you what we are focused on and how we are managing the business.
Michael Scott Crocco: Yes, let me comment on that. So first of all, obviously we are not in the business of trying to project out where currency and exchange rates are going to go. What we do is make sure that when we’ve got a project that has difference in terms of revenues and some equipment that’s coming from a different currency, we are going to hedge from a cash flow perspective, we are not going to hedge from an earnings perspective. So in our latest guidance at $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion, obviously we’ve looked at where the currencies are. Frankly, we’ve got a lot of investment going in in China, we’ve got a lot of investment in the UK. The RMB and the pound haven’t moved that much. And so, our guidance continues to be $1.7 billion to be $1.9 billion. But, again, the key point here is the translation is going to be whatever the translation is going to be. What we are focused on is generating cash for the shareholder. And to the extent that there is any cash exposure, we’ll hedge that for a project, but we don’t - we are not going to have the - hedge the earnings.
Michael Scott Crocco: Yes, sure. Thanks, Jeff. Good question. So again as I mentioned, and Seifi has been very clear around the simplified cash flow metric. It is very straightforward, it is clear, where it’s consistent between the internal organization, all the way to the outside. And again, as has been mentioned, there is EBITDA targets down through the organization. Clearly, though, then there is some of us at Air Products that are managing the full cash flow beyond the simplified approach. So examples that we saw in this quarter, for example, were pension contributions, about $76 million of pension contributions. We had some cash associated with the severance actions we are taking, and we also had a little bit in terms of the earnings that we recognized from our affiliates versus the timing that we received those dividends. So we are managing that, as well as receivables and so on and so forth. We are trying to make sure that we are optimizing all of that, but recognize again the simplified free cash flow mechanism is just that, it’s clear, it’s simple, and it’s got alignment between inside the organization and outside.
Guillermo Novo: Thanks, Corning. Please turn to Slide 14. The Materials Technologies segment delivered another very strong quarter including record safety performance driven by good top line growth and significant leverage to the bottom line with higher volumes and very tight cost focus. The new organization is in place and delivering on its commitments. We have taken action on our restructuring plans and will start seeing benefits from lower costs in the coming quarter. The team is excited to have full and direct control over all the key elements of their business performance including operations and supply chain. Electronic Materials sales were up 13% versus prior year as we have seen increased demand across all three businesses. Higher demand in process materials was driven by significant growth in the memory market. We are leveraging tighter markets to secure long-term volume commitments and drive pricing. We expect to begin to see pricing benefits next quarter. Advanced Materials continues to grow as customers ramp production of their next generation nodes. And finally, Delivery Systems’ business activities remains at a high level, although we will likely see it drop off later in fiscal year 2015. Performance Materials grew 6% as strong growth across all the businesses more than offset the negative currency impact. Most of our segment currency impact was in Performance Materials business. End market demand remains strong and we are additionally benefiting from share gain and successful new product introduction. Sequential volumes were down 6% on typical materials seasonality and strong prior quarter equipment business in Electronics. Versus last year, EBITDA of $129 million was up 45% to a 24.7% margin and operating income of $105 million was up 63% to a 20% margin. Strong operating leverage on the volume increases, productivity, continued tight cost focus and negative prior year inventory revaluation drove the increase. Profits were down sequentially on lower volumes and lower Q4 incentive compensation costs. Now I will turn over the call to Simon.
Guillermo Novo: If you look at our portfolio Electronics and Performance Materials, first in Electronics, probably we are not seeing - the oil impact, that kind of thing is not a big impact on our raw materials. We are seeing some changes, but it’s really around some of the supply/demand dynamics on metals and other materials that we use on different parts of our products. And the material component is an important factor, but costs - the conversion costs, the shipping, the whole supply chain is very complex, so there is a lot of different drivers in Electronics. So the bigger raw material purchase is really more on our Performance Materials business. We are seeing some changes there. Most of raw materials are not - I mean oil, ethylene, propylene in some products have some impact, but we are seeing, it’s not the biggest driver for the types of raw materials that we are driving. So again, supply and demand dynamics and some raw materials are really driving where our costs are going. So we will probably see some cost reductions, but not as much as we expected. A good example of that would be for example EO, the ethylene prices are coming down, but that material, the tightness is really dictating the price. So we should get some improvement, but it’s going to vary a lot by business.
Guillermo Novo: Well, thanks, it’s a very good question. I would say, hopefully, we’ll get a little bit - give a little bit more of a glimpse of that at our coming investor conference, so that you can see a little bit of the feel. In general, we are less capital intensive and our returns are, versus our peers and versus gases, I would say higher and doing very well. And that’s really what we look at. If you look at our improvement to be non-dilutive to the company EBITDA is our target. But to get there, really for us, it’s about our operating margins, because our depreciation doesn’t change that much and our returns on the investments that we make.
Guillermo Novo: Great. Well, thank you for that question. Let me sort of use this opportunity to point out two things. One, as you said, this is the segment that traditionally has been underperforming for us and the industry has over invested, if you look at the photovoltaic history, and if you look at our - a lot of the efforts that we put in the last two years, it’s really been about improving this business. We’ve shutdown production, right sized our capacity, shifted more of our supply to Asia, where we have most of our business. So we are in a much better cost competitive position to supply - profitably supply the industry and that’s driven the improvement. But if you look at the pricing trends because of the oversupply, supply/demand balance, it’s been pretty negative over time. What we are seeing is just things are turning around, especially driven by memory, a few key raw materials have really jumped and that’s really driving the supply/demand balance in a very different direction. So we are fortunate that we’ve done the right things and we are well-positioned to take advantage of this from a cost perspective. But more importantly now we are engaging our customers to make sure that not only we supply them today and that’s the supply/demand is dictating some of the pricing, but also talking about volumes as we look at debottlenecking and adding capacity in the future. We want to learn from the history and this is an important area for win-win for our customers. They require reliability of supply they want to know, they are going to have the material for their needs in the coming years. So we want to make sure that we are reliable with them. But at the same time, we want to learn from some of the dynamics from the past and be very judicious on how we add capacity so that they get reliability, but we also get the returns that we expect on any investments we make.
Guillermo Novo: Yes, so our current forecast anticipates the outages. I think we have given guidance in general we expect this to be a lower year than last year. Last year was a bit of an anomaly. I guess the thing I would like to stress in this is, these are big outages and they are timed when the customer is already planning to take their units down. So I don’t think there is any changes from any of our customers in a significant way changing around outage plans based on the shift in oil prices right now.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thanks again, Simon. Now please turn to Slide number 15, for a discussion of our outlook. At this point in time, based on what we know today, our guidance for the next quarter is $1.50 to $1.55 per share. At midpoint this will be an increase of 16% over the previous year. As for all of fiscal year 2015, we are slightly increasing our guidance to $6.35 to $6.55 per share. At midpoint this represents a 12% increase over our 2014 results. All of the numbers that I just quoted are in actual exchange rates. We are not going to use currency changes as an excuse to reduce our targets. As for capital expenditure in 2015, we expect $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion which is in line with what we have told you before. We continue to enjoy a very robust backlog with a high level of secure on-site pipeline projects. The backlog of $3.2 billion is down from $3.5 billion last quarter as we are very pleased to have one of our major projects in China successfully on the stream. As you have heard me say before, we are totally focused on actions that we can control to deliver on our commitments. The new organization is in place. We are executing on our improvement actions and our teams are working together to achieve our goals. Our new structure enables us to reduce overhead costs, which we have continued to improve cash flow and earnings in 2015. In addition, our new organization and our new reward system allows us to be more effective in improving performance of our existing assets and businesses with a laser focus on cost reduction, utilization, and asset management. I once again want to thank all of the very talented, committed, and dedicated people, and Air Products for their contribution and I continue to be optimistic about the future of Air Products and our ability to deliver excellent results. Now, we will be delighted to answer your questions.
Seifollah Ghasemi: John, you know you are asking obviously a very good question. But you know that I’m going to dance around in giving you a timing. We have said that, our goal is to close the 600 basis points of gap in EBITDA margin that we have with the best performing in the industry. We demonstrated that we are making progress, 240 basis points is a significant step forward in one quarter. And we will continue working at this thing as fast as we can. There is a lot of other things that can happen in terms of the worldwide economy and all of that. But we are focused on closing the gap as soon as we possibly can, John.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Duffy, yes, you are very right in characterizing my comment. The second thing is that overall the headwind for us for fiscal year 2015, where the exchange rates are right now versus 2014 is a $0.25 headwind. That means that if exchange rates were the same as they were in 2014, our guidance would have been $0.25 higher than what we have given you. That’s the order of magnitude of the headwind that we are talking about.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, we told you that we are not in a hurry to do anything, because I thought, I mentioned this at our July call, that I said that these guys are going to really perform. And Guillermo is helping me prove me right by performing. I mean, look at the improvement that that business has enjoyed in the last two quarters. My God, their EBITDA margins are now 25%, their EBIT margin is around 20%. So we are going to watch that business improve and then, everybody understands what their long-term plan is, but we are not in a hurry to do anything. They are doing a great job and who knows, if they get their EBITDA margins to 32%, 33%, and their EBIT margins to more than 25%, they might suddenly become a core business.
Seifollah Ghasemi: David, I’m with - I’m not going to make any comments about pricing, David. I don’t think it’s appropriate for us to engage in that kind of a conversation. I apologize for that. My lawyer is kind of - he’s very conscious that we should not say anything about pricing.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Jim, what we have done is everything that we are doing. I mean, I have always said that for us to do what we need to do at Air Products is not the one magic wand, it’s about 10,000 different things that we need to do right. And that is what we are focused on, the whole organization change, the whole focus on every single dollar that we have spent, the organization being rewarded based on specific areas of performance where people have line of sight. It’s just - I can just go through a list of about 500 items that we are doing. Everybody - the great thing is that we have all of our 20,000 people engaged. This is not a one-person job or 10-person job, we need to get all of the organization engaged. I’m very encouraged, because when I look at the safety result and I see a 50% improvement that means our people are paying attention and they are involved. So we have to do many, many, many, many things that we would have done. I mean, whatever the exchange rates would have been, obviously, we would have wanted to have a guidance of $6.80. I mean, that’s what we are working toward. And the currencies are going to be what the currencies are. But I don’t think we should use that as an excuse and say, well, now let’s lower the guidance. We have said, we are going to do something and we are going after that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: …the difference in maintenance cost translates into $0.01 in earnings per share. So out of the $0.21 increase, $0.01 was lower maintenance costs.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, quite frankly, I think, one of the measures would be to see how we are doing in terms of pricing and volumes. I mean that - if you have that kind of a stuff that you will be able to get the kind of numbers we are talking about in terms of pricing. But we have not, P.J., as you know, in the last two quarters done anything dramatic in terms of buying somebody or building an asset or anything like that. So we haven’t done that. We certainly look for opportunities to be able to do that. But improvements in the result is not any significant structural change, it’s just the blocking and tackling that Corning was talking about before.
Seifollah Ghasemi: On that one I can say that on the existing projects that we have and their execution, we are not seeing, and we don’t expect to see any change or any cancellations due to lower oil prices. Those projects are solid. They are under construction, and we don’t have any indication of anything happening to that. As far as any prospective future ones, P.J., we just have to wait and see. It’s difficult to make predictions about that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I will have Guillermo answer that, because raw materials are really only relevant in his business. Fortunately, raw material for the rest of our business is air and natural gas, which seems to be at very low prices these days.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, Bob. First of all we would have waited until you asked a question anyway. We wouldn’t have ended the call without your question. So just - I just wanted to make sure you know that. In terms of 500 people, that’s kind of the number that is in the footnotes. Order of magnitude what saving that would result to is order of magnitude about $50 million to $60 million.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Bob, we will try to do a good job delineating that at our Investor Day. But for sure the return on capital is significantly higher, obviously.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We are seeing some, because if you look at our direct margins in terms of before overheads and all of that, the direct margins are up too. So we are seeing some improvements in operations and distribution, but they are not material right now. But I think you will see a lot of that as our organization kind of gets settled down, as our people in the regions and sub-regions get their hands on the details and all of the - as I said, the 10,000 things to do. So I would expect that those would materialize more in 2016 than in 2015, Don.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I’m going to make some comments about before we wrap-up, please. We are waiting for the queue from the operator. But first of all, I’d like to thank all of you for being on our call today. But then, I just want to say that we will be holding our 2015 Investor Conference in New York on March 31. And we’ll be - that event will also be webcast. What we will do in that Investor Conference, obviously, we are not going to announce any newer strategy or any new direction for the company, what - where we are going. And obviously we are going to be consistent with what we have told you before. But the key element of that meeting is going to be to giving you exposure to the real people who are actually doing these things. The people who are key executive, who are actually responsible for delivering the results, so that you see that there is a depth of talents within their products, and then I think it’s worthwhile to hear directly from them about what they are doing. I mean, in that Investor Conference are expect to be talking for 10 minutes, and then give our people and other five hours to tell you what they’re really doing. So that’s really the purpose of the meeting, and we are looking forward to your participation. But once again, thank you for being on the call and have a wonderful day. Thanks again.
Corning Painter: Vincent, that’s more or less an empirical observation of what’s going on in the ground in Europe for us right now. Personally, I think, the larger customers just simply have broader exposure to broader markets, including export markets, where the smaller ones tend to be more local. And I see that as probably what’s driving it.
Corning Painter: Okay, yes. Merchant rates are very close to where they were as last time we reported. So that means in North America we are, let’s say, in the high 70s, mid 70s in Latin America, Europe in the high 70s. Asia, I would say is now mid to high 70s, so that’s just slightly down from where we were last time and in part that’s, because with this new on-stream we just brought on some new capacity. And in addition to that, as we rebalance our wholesale/retail, we’ve shed some of the wholesale business.
Corning Painter: So, I think a key thing in our strategy right now is to do the right things, to do the 10,000 small things that Seifi talked to get our cost position right, to get the restructuring. And the overall economic environment, I don’t know that I’ve got any greater insight than you do other than our most recent results. So I want to be prepared for volume moving up or down. I don’t think anybody sees a huge upswing in the offing. But our goal is just to be ready for whatever eventuality plays out.
Corning Painter: Yes. So I don’t know that I have the number fluid for you in the second, but I just want to clarify. So these are maintenance outages by and large which a large refinery will schedule oftentimes years in advance, and then during that outage when they don’t need the product, we and other suppliers all do our outages. So we can follow up with you on what the exact swing was quarter from quarter and we did see a drop off in that. It was offset by a sale of equipment. And I’m being coached here it’s about a $0.01 impact that gave us in the first quarter.
Corning Painter: First, I just like to thank you for asking me this question, because although Seifi doesn’t want to talk about pricing in this call, let me assure you when I’m alone with him, there is a lot of questions about how I’m doing on pricing. So I would say it’s a reflection in some degree with supply and demand and increased loading in the market, as well as just a lot of discipline and using tools and so forth to go out and get the pricing that we are entitled to in this market. We give our customers good service and we are entitled to our pricing.
Corning Painter: Yes. So I don’t think we’ve given out specific numbers on what we expect new projects coming in. You’ve seen the impact of PCEC that was a partial month, we’ll see more of that as we go forward and we have other start-ups coming.
