Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, again, Simon. Before we take your questions, I would like to make a few comments about Air Products' future. As I discussed earlier, we are very proud of having delivered on our promises from two years ago. And we are excited about the strong opportunities that we have to build on our success. Our safety, productivity and operating performance continues to be strong. We continue to be optimistic about the future of Air Products. We obviously cannot predict and we do not have control over worldwide political or economic developments. But we do have control over the operational and growth performance of Air Products, and we feel confident we can continue to deliver on our goals. As you know, our portfolio actions and the strong cash flow generation of our company provides us with an expected capacity of over $9 billion to invest over the next three years. I truly believe that Air Products will be successful in utilizing our balance sheet, the best in the industry, to invest in our four industrial gases business to create significant value for our shareholders. We see great opportunities in mergers and acquisitions, asset buybacks and large new projects, as well as a significant amount of more typical industrial gas projects. Rest assured, we are committed to staying disciplined and won't invest our money unless we are confident that the risk return profile will create significant value for our shareholders. Now please turn to a slide number 23. Our great team of hardworking, dedicated, talented and motivated employees remain focused on being the safest and most profitable and diverse industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. Continuing our positive momentum, we have increased our guidance for fiscal year 2018 to a range of 715 to 735. This is up $0.30 from the guidance we gave you last quarter. As Scott mentioned, $0.20 to $0.25 of this is coming from the new tax act, with the remaining increase from improved confidence in our business performance. Our new guidance represents 13% to 16% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2017 performance. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitments to grow EPS by at least 10% every year. For quarter two of fiscal year 2018, our earning per share guidance is $1.65 to a $1.70, which is up 15% to 19% over the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. This includes approximately $0.05 from the new tax act. Excluding the tax act impact, our quarter two guidance is still up 12% to 15% over last year. Including our quarter one acquisitions, we now expect our capital spending to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in fiscal year 2018. As I mentioned before, and I'd like to stress this, our EPS and CapEx guidance do not include any contribution from the Lu'An project or any future M&A opportunity. We are certainly working on other opportunities that could potentially add to our results in fiscal 2018, but have not included any other significant acquisition in our guidance for now. Now please turn to slide number 24. We remain committed to our goal of being the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. We will continue to focus on safety, controlling our cost and investing in the many strategic growth opportunities that we see. Now please turn to slide number 25, where I want to point out once again that we believe our real competitive advantage is the motivated and committed people of Air Products. Our competitive advantage comes from the commitment of our drivers to transport our products in all kinds of severe weather conditions to deliver product to our customers. Our competitive advantage comes from the commitment from our operators and maintenance workers who day in and day out work hard to keep our plans running even during severe hurricanes and other challenging conditions to ensure reliable supply to our customers. Our competitive advantage comes from the commitment of our sales people who work hard every day to develop and bring in new opportunities to Air Products by creating value for our customers. Our competitive advantage comes from the commitment and motivation of the rest of our team all over the world who work hard to run our company to the highest level of performance. Yes, our competitive advantage comes from the commitment and motivation of our people. I consider it an honor and a privilege to be part of this winning team. Now we are delighted to answer your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: The return on that project is well above the guidance that we've told you, which is so called 10% internal rate of return, it's well above that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well no, that’s not the correct way of looking at that. But I think we can go through that detail offline with -- Simon can give you a lot more detail on that.
Seifi Ghasemi: That is obviously a very positive development for us, because the push obviously from an environmental point of view is to use less coal for producing power. But we are talking about here in the projects that we are pursuing is turning the coal, especially high sulfur coal into environmentally friendly way by gasifying it and producing chemicals. So all of the push for the environmental thing is actually very positive thing for us and that is why if you study the details of China's 13 and five year plan, there is a significant number of projects designated for coal gasification. And we are obviously very much involved in that.
Seifi Ghasemi: But Jeff to be very specific, the operating rates right now in U.S. and Europe, are around 75%. Usually in industrial gases business when your operating rates gets to around 80% then you have significant pricing leverage and that is what is happening in China. But that is not the case yet in U.S. and Europe.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well quite frankly, if you add up the projects that we have announced and some of them are in the process like the big Yankuang project and so on, out of that $9 billion, about almost $4 billion of it is committed.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, in terms of M&A opportunities, we do see opportunities outside of China. I don't want to say more than that, but we are working on some of that. In terms of the Praxair and Linde thing, we have to wait and see what actually comes out. But we have always said that out of what we think they have to divest, we don't have any inside knowledge on this thing. But out of what we think they have to invest, there will be an opportunity for us to compete in about $1 billion to $1.5 billion of sale, which would have about probably about $300 million to $350 million of EBITDA. And obviously, when and if that thing comes into play, we will be interested in that for sure.
Seifi Ghasemi: It is actually both, the demand is obviously there. And then in order to put ourselves in a competitively advantageous position, we not only bring our knowhow in terms of ASUs and operations and maintenance of large facilities, but our competitors have that. But that is the primary reason that we wanted to buy the Shell technology, because now we will have a technological advantage.
Seifi Ghasemi: No, none of the old gasifiers are polluting, gasification is a very clean way of using coal. Most of these opportunities that you're talking about are Greenfield plants.
Seifi Ghasemi: Listen, on that one, if there's any project that we can go after, our number one priority is to spend our money in the United States, because of a lot of good reasons. So the fact that we are investing in other parts of the world, doesn't mean that we are not focused in the U.S., we are very focused in the U.S. And if there's any project that we can go after, we will go after in the U.S., that's our number one priority for investing. There's no question about that. The issue is that there're not that many opportunities, right now; but we are absolutely focused on that; we need to push everyday on every single project; and I hope in time, we will announce some big ones in the U.S. too.
Seifi Ghasemi: And Kevin, it was very simply the fact that the new owners of the steel -- the way they do their financials and all of that, they decided that their cost of capital is on all of that that they rather own the plant rather than us supplying it. It’s just preference of the customer. And we always are obviously do what the customer wants to do. And the transaction financially was also very effective for us. And so they have put that money to work at a higher return.
Seifi Ghasemi: We are running through the standard competitors, you know who they are and we compete with them on the basis of -- its not just the price, I would like to make -- its not just the financial returns, it’s the combination of the trust that -- relationship that we have with the customer, the demonstration that we have delivered, our technology. Now we are going to have an advantage with the acquisition of the Shell technology. So it’s a combination of all of things like we compete and we compete with the people basically that we have been competing with for many years.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that if they implement -- about this coal gasification do P. J., the coal gasification is producing chemical. So whatever tax they put in, it just increases the price of the chemical, because they can't say okay I'm not going to do coal gasification. So if you are not going to do coal gasification, what are you going to do? Then you have to buy out of these chemicals and import them into the country. The fundamental thing is that coal is the only energy source that China has. As a result, their only option, if they want to be independent, is to turn that coal into chemicals and syngas. Otherwise, they would have to import that, which is what they do right now. That is why this is a high priority for the government. And coal gasification has the advantage of being able to use 2%, 3% high sulphur coal that you cant do anything else with it. So it's financially very attractive.
Seifi Ghasemi: The center point about what Corning just said is that if you are building any kind of a facility to produce syngas, gasification is the process where the CO2 that you produce is what is called capture ready. You can actually capture that and then put into for enhanced oil recovery in a lot of other applications.
Seifi Ghasemi: But in terms of reporting that you are talking about, in terms of how we report that, quite honestly traditionally, we have been reporting that that way and we didn’t want to change that, if not to confuse the numbers. But on operationally, we run Middle-East and India separate from Europe. But in terms of the reporting the results, we put all of that together because we didn’t want to create a lot of confusion about comparison to previous years.
Seifi Ghasemi: But overall, Lawrence -- overall when you look at the projects that we have taken and the onsite projects that we have taken and as they come onstream, their margins, they are not going to have a negative effect on our margins. Therefore, we expect to maintain an EBITDA margin, as we have said before, of somewhere between around 32% to 35%. And none of the projects that we have taken is going to cause that margin to go down. Actually, some of them might actually improve the margin.
Seifi Ghasemi: You're getting us into trying to give guidance now for '19 and '20. But I think you are on the right track to assuming that the overall conditions are positive for Air Products and our margins and we agree with that, but I don't want to...
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you very much. With that, I would like to thank everybody for being on the call. Thanks for taking time from your busier schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day and all the best. Thank you.
Corning Painter: Yes, so I think your questions are probably about Europe and the Americas. Obviously, in Asia it's quite a strong story for us. Both in Europe and in the Americas, we have positive net pricing. So same molecule, same customer year-on-year have been able to move those prices? Yes we have. We do have a challenge with mix, which is typically larger customers just simply growing more in the current environment, taking more product year-on-year and in some degrees, mix of which molecules are being bought. But I'd say there's, in terms of real activity and real pricing, meaning same customer, same molecule, there's progress.
Corning Painter: And maybe if I could just build on that, Jeff, I feel obviously with the deferred taxes, there is some timing that might even go further out. But it’s a reasonable way to think about it. Its just in the timeframe of the eight years maybe we have to take that a little longer.
Corning Painter: So in North America, we of course has the challenge of absorbing a loss of a large wholesale agreement that we had. We still published overall positive volumes for merchant. I just want to say that's a good accomplishment by the team. But it’s both same factors when we report out our numbers that Scott mentioned that are challenge in that, so the higher maintenance cost and some positives from last year not repeating. The new business that we’re signing, however, is certainly the contributing to the overall results.
Corning Painter: Yes, so I think you’re just interested in the market conditions. So I’first say I think underlying hydrogen demand remains really quite strong. And we've seen a little bit in this period as we had the cold weathers in the Gulf coast, but I would say we bounce back from that very quickly. And at this point, our customers are pretty nearly fully backed as well. Oil field services is probably a change for the higher oil field prices. We see more nitrogen going into that market. But by enlarge, I'd say there’s just broad based strength in North America right now.
Corning Painter: So I think, first of all, I’d maybe take those in reverse order, cause I think the key point there is, there's just broad based industrial momentum in probably the world today. But China being to certain degree a workshop for the world, there's broad space demand growth there. Obviously, the coastal area is a little bit stronger than inland. We're going to see the Chinese New Year impact. It'll be interesting to see how quickly the volumes rebound from that. Coming out of that, I would expect the overall supply demand dynamics to remain very positive for the industry. We had last year the shutting down of the induction furnaces. I think what we're going to see is some new demand perhaps from furnaces that'll probably strengthen as we come into the coming year. All in all, I think it's going to remain a positive dynamic for us.
Corning Painter: So just building on everything Seifi just said. So we feel that the underlying demand merchant gases, hydrogen and the whole package remains very strong. We're going to have other maintenance during the course of the year. And so sequential-to-sequential, we don't really map out exactly as our maintenance spending is coming out. But I would say the overall picture one that's strengthening in the Americas.
Corning Painter: Kevin, I think when we have a disruption in the market, it's never a positive for us. But I would just say the guidance that we have given reflects our expectations for the quarter, including what's happened in terms of weather.
Corning Painter: So we had a contract with a customer. that customer then got acquired by another steel company, who was less bought in, let's say, into the sale of gas concept. We have a good contract. They wanted to just -- and are basically good faith negotiations, understanding their thought process, how they look to things. We thought the termination that we came up with was a good win-win for us. I just point out in the same quarter, we have examples of where we've taken a plant that was going to be an SOE and we’ve converted it into a cell of gas. So I think there're some do and some don't in China that we continue to progress the transformation of that market to be more of a traditional industrial gas environment.
Corning Painter: And I would say being our flexibility in changing had a lot to do with the fact that it was a new customer stepping in.
Corning Painter: Can I just build on it. So, the gasification has a set in which you remove that sulphur after we gasified it. So I mean literally coal which you can't really legally use in other applications, you can use it here because we're going to get the sulphur out. And another element is that there was an incentive around carbon capture. Coal gasification has the benefit of giving you a very concentrated stream of CO2 that would be easier to work within almost any other process.
Corning Painter: Yes, I would say that's a reflection of -- at point in time when we did that. Clearly, at this point, we’re tremendously beefing up our syngas capabilities in Asia, however.
Corning Painter: I think, the big positive for us in Asia is pricing right now and you'd add on to that volume leverage and incremental loading, it’s those things that are pulling us forward. I would say maybe if you're just building on it like a highly motivated team that's again organized by sub-regions all of them with our own incentive plan on their own actual results. So they are just driven to let’s get the volume and let's get the price, and let's take advantage of this opportunity to absolutely the fullest.
Corning Painter: I don't think we want to really give a clear roadmap exactly where all our strategic options are in China, at this point. Clearly, it’s an area of opportunity though and we're quite focused on that.
