Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you again, Simon. The Air Products team remains focused on implementing our Five-Point Strategic Plan to move us forward as the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. As you can see, we are providing guidance for first quarter and for fiscal year 2017 on two bases, one is with our PMD business and the second is without the PMD business. As I said before, nothing has changed. We continue to make progress on the sale of PMD and we are still targeting to close before the end of this calendar year. However, since we are still going through the regulatory approval process, PMD is not currently in discontinued operations. Therefore, we are providing guidance both including and excluding PMD. You can see that we have also provided an estimate for continuing operation EPS result for quarter one fiscal 2016 and total fiscal year 2016, so that you can compare our next year to what we actually achieved last year. On the basis that excludes the PMD business, which is our core industrial gas business, our guidance for fiscal year 2017 is for earnings per share of $6.25 to $6.50, up 9% to 13% over last year. And also on the basis that excludes PMD, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, our guidance is for earnings per share of $1.40 to $1.50, up 3% to 10% over last year. We expect our CapEx, excluding any significant acquisition, to be about $1.2 billion. Our EPS guidance is consistent with this CapEx guidance. In other words, it does not include any acquisitions. And while things could always change, our guidance also does not include any positive effect from share repurchase. I would like to stress these points again. Our guidance is based on our core Industrial Gases portfolio as it is today. Therefore it does not include any upside from any share repurchase or future acquisitions. Our fiscal year guidance is consistent with our long-term goal to improve Air Products earnings per share by 10% per year over the long-term. In the last two years, we have delivered much more than that and we are going to strive to continue to deliver 10% earnings per share growth every year. And despite the weak economy, a key reason we remain confident we can continue to develop a strong performance is the success of our $600 million cost improvement program that we announced two and a half years ago. We have fully delivered the first $300 million, and in terms of the second $300 million we delivered over $75 million in 2016 which is twice what we had promised you before and we expect to deliver another $100 million of cost savings in addition to that in 2017, again ahead of our previous commitments. To wrap up, please turn to slide 25 for our priorities as we move Air Products forward. While we will always stay focused on improving our existing business, the major restructuring of Air Products is behind us and our focus is now on profitable growth. We have the balance sheet capacity now to take advantage of the very exciting growth opportunities we see, including accretive and complementary acquisitions focused on our core Industrial Gases business, and large projects around the world driven by market demand for more energy, environmental improvements, and emerging market growth. And since we'll have a significant amount of cash at our disposal, we can be successful with these large opportunities, while we maintain our current A credit rating and continue our commitment to grow our dividend every year. And finally, we will consider share repurchases, if the market provides a compelling opportunity. Let me say in closing that our people continue to step up and deliver. I want to sincerely thank them for their dedication and commitment, and the hard work that they are doing everyday to provide excellent service to our customers and make Air Products the best industrial gas company in the world. Without their efforts, we would not have been able to deliver these results. And now, we would be delighted to answer any questions that you might have.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yes, absolutely. As I said, we are committed to deliver an additional $100 million of cost savings. That by itself is about $0.35. And then in addition to that, we have new plants that we have built, that are continuing to come on-stream, so we will have organic growth. Therefore, the combination of productivity and organic growth that we see based on the plants that we see coming on-stream, that is what gives us the confidence to deliver the results that we're talking about next year. Because that means that next year, we are not making any assumptions for any significant economic growth worldwide, we will have a currency headwind, but we feel very good about our productivity programs. Our people did a great job in delivering the $75 million more than that last year. We are confident that we will get that and on top of that with the growth rate that we see, we are – as you know, we have always been committed to promise what we can deliver and usually deliver more than what we can promise.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I don't want to comment on what other people are doing or might do, but Air Products is focused on a strategy which is based on organic growth and productivity improvement, and we will continue to execute that strategy. What other people might do, I don't think it will have much of an effect on us at all.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Obviously, we are committed to do that. We – sitting on top of a little bit of cash for a rainy day is okay, but sitting on top of $3 billion of cash is obviously not what we intend to do. We do have – we believe we do have plans to deploy that cash properly, we are not in a hurry to do that, we are not going to do anything rash, but we feel very good about that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, Duffy, I honestly think that there is a little bit of a confusion about what those rules are. What we see from those, we are close to that, we are on the ground. We see absolutely no effect and actually we see positive developments. We are very optimistic about those big projects, we think they will happen and we don't see anything in the Chinese government policy that would affect the kind of things that we want to do in terms of clean coal and coal gasification in China.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Corning, you might want to also mention about the effect in Europe, about the effect of August in terms of sequentially.
Seifollah Ghasemi: P.J., I don't want to comment on what our competitors are doing, but we think pursuing big M&A among the four major industrial gas companies is a foolish idea and we are not going to pursue foolish ideas. So we are not going, we don't have any plans to participate, we'll sit back and if anything happens, there certainly will be a lot of pieces that comes out. We have a lot of cash that would be kind of Christmas for us if it happens.
Seifollah Ghasemi: From the projects that are – any future projects that we do whenever we announce the CapEx, you should assume that will have a minimum of 10% return. We have made that commitment. The projects that we have on-stream coming on in 2017 will be a combination of the new projects we have approved like Big River Steel and a combination of projects which were approved many years ago. That combination of the two as I said the new ones will have 10% and the old ones will probably have an average of about 5% return.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, David, as you know very well, we cannot, should not and would not comment on pricing. I think I would be very hesitant to start giving you any specific number but you would expect that, that is one of the things that we do. We are focused on improving productivity, we are focused on improving our pricing and our pricing can improve not only by increasing prices to cover inflation, but it will improve based on what Corning was talking about in change of the mix, in terms of going from wholesale to direct sale and all of that. So there is some element of pricing in next year's guidance, yes.
Seifollah Ghasemi: David, I think you should assume that everything we do is a competitive situation. I don't think that for these large projects, any of the customers would just want to do a private deal with us. But we are prepared for that, we bring a lot of value to our customers not only in terms of pricing, but in terms of all of the other services we provide. So we're prepared for competition, but we remain very optimistic that we have an advantage, and we have won a lot of projects, some of it unfortunately we cannot announce, because our customers would like to keep that confidential. But we are winning more than our fair share of projects in the last two years. I'm not worried about that at all.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We expect our project in India to come on-stream approximately in the first half of – calendar 2017. So there will be less than half a year contribution from that project in our 2017 numbers. As for Jazan, we have made progress, and I will be hesitant to publicly talk about percentage complete. But I can say that we are moving on plan on schedule on that project, and we are obviously very optimistic and our people are delivering on that. And we have a great customer in Aramco, they are being very helpful to us and they are pushing us obviously to get the project done as soon as possible and we are on plan.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, it depends on what the share price is. I mean if you are asking me that would we buy shares at $133, I'm not sure I want to comment on that, but...
Seifollah Ghasemi: Anything – Jeff, you know better than I do the events in the world, I mean what is the market going to look like two weeks from now. A lot of things can happen. So we – the good thing is that we have the cash and we will watch what happens.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I guess, I would have to characterize it that I am more optimistic than I was six months ago about our ability to deploy the cash. But I do want to stress that there are certain events in the world that can change everything upside down, and I think it's very prudent for us rather than jumping in and doing something this minute to give ourselves a few months to see how everything settles down with the U.S. election, and with the Brexit and all of that, and then we will make the appropriate moves.
Seifollah Ghasemi: If I may just add to Corning's comment that we are very happy to be in China and we think we have a very good future here.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Most of the opportunities that we see are in U.S. Gulf Coast and in China, and some in Europe. Most of the opportunities are – some of the opportunities are on our pipeline and especially our hydrogen pipeline, but a lot of the opportunities are standalone plants, large plants, supplying significant amounts of oxygen and hydrogen – and nitrogen to coal gasification, refineries, and all of that live features (54:14) and project. There are not that many there you are – as you might say we are hanging on a liquid capacity.
Seifollah Ghasemi: If I may just add to that, as we have said many times before. We do have very detailed programs region by region, in terms of what they need to do. Based on what we accomplished in 2016, I am very confident that we will deliver at least $100 million next year.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Sure. I obviously cannot and should not comment on the profitability of the Jazan project. For 2017, we do not have a significant amount of contribution, but it – there will be some contribution. And quite honestly, it will depend on the exact progress that we make on all of that. But there will be some. In 2016, we did not recognize, although we were recognizing sales throughout the year, we did not recognize profit, because we wanted to get some kind of a, more of a sure footing that the project is moving forward. As you know, there has been a lot of talk about shutting down projects in Saudi Arabia and all of that, and we wanted to make sure that this project doesn't get cancelled, and then we would have to reverse profit on all of that. But then by fourth quarter, it became obvious that we have made enough progress that you should recognize some and that's what we did.
Seifollah Ghasemi: The size of that business order of magnitude is about $0.5 billion, and we were up 11%. So, we are doing well there.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that, as compared to, and I mean we are operating the same boat compared to our competitors. I mean, we are delivering double-digit growth while other people are showing negative growth, so we are doing something right. With respect to next year, we are – there is a possibility that we will do better than what we have given you as a guidance depending on the economy and all that. But I just want to remind everybody that, we are dealing with some significant worldwide events that we have to see how they will develop. We have given you a guidance on the basis that barring any significant disruptions, we will be able to deliver that and we have – that's the way we operate. Now, the economic conditions can get better once the U.S. election is over and people are not sitting on the fence, then, yeah, it is possible that we will do better than that. But the one thing that I can assure you is that, we don't operate on the basis of just delivering the guidance. We do our best to deliver whatever we can. That's kind of our goal.
Seifollah Ghasemi: On that one, unfortunately, I can't give you a general answer, because it will depend on the specific situations. But what you said can apply, and it can be a specific situation that there is significant synergies. Because we already have two plants there and an addition of another two plants or three plants will add value. So, sorry, that I can't give you a general answer, but you can be, rest assured that we would only do those, if they are in line with our goal of getting a return on our – on the capital that we employ which is not less than 10%.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, we have said that those stranded costs could be in the order of magnitude of $20 million. We have programs for eliminating those in the next year and a half and our guidance obviously reflects that those costs are still with us and we need to work to eliminate those.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yeah, slide 28. So, you can see – and I'm sure you know very well, which ones they signed before and which ones they signed after. They will not all be over in 2017 because some of them are delayed and it will drag on into 2018 also.
Seifollah Ghasemi: No. I think, the guidance that we have given you about $0.25 is based on what we see, but there are things that can happen that can change that because a lot of these projects. We have won the projects, but the oil and gas companies have put a hold on them as you know very well because of the situation. They can change if the oil prices significantly change. They can change their mind, they can release those and therefore, we can start working on them. So the possibility of that, I don't see being great but it is possible.
Seifollah Ghasemi: But the $0.25 is real and it is based on what we have. So I'm glad that you brought that up because if you take that $0.25 into account, then we're actually giving a pretty good guidance in terms of growth next year, but that's based on what we see right now.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, that is something that we are hoping that would be the case but we have to wait and see, but we are pushing towards more on-site because then you get a more stable revenue growth and a more stable profitability, but we are paying attention to all parts of our business whether it's large on-sites or merchant business and our packaged gases business in the areas of the world where we are strong. So we are not neglecting any part of the business but the trend seems to be more towards the large on-sites. And obviously if we win one of those projects it adds a lot to that part of the business.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I can actually see bigger than that. There are projects that you would, like Jazan $2 billion and there are projects that might require $4 billion. So you're right, the trend is towards larger projects and that is why having the balance sheet that you can do those projects becomes very important and that has been our target because we saw that trend before and that is one of the reasons that we wanted to restructure and make sure that Air Products has a bulletproof, solid balance sheet that we can take on those mega projects. You're very right about that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Okay. With that I would like to thank everybody for being on the call. Thanks for taking time from your busy schedule especially today with all of the announcements to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day and all the best. Thank you.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. Thank you. So, as I said in my comments, the big challenge there was in the liquid bulk area. If we think about the merchant business, there is two spaces, packaged gases and liquid bulk. Packaged gases for sometimes have been impacted just by slowing construction activity, metals fab. But, we saw a drop-off in this quarter in liquid bulk larger for us than what we had in packaged gases. But more than 50% of that was in wholesale volumes, and that goes a little bit to our drive, to just start driving an improved quality of our business, and our goal moving forward would be not to reload that business with wholesale volumes, instead shift that to retail volume for us.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah, fair enough. So, if we think about in the purely sequential look we go through – you just have to keep in mind that the holiday season in Europe is in this previous quarter with August. So, I think, that's a big part of the drop off there. If you're looking at the raw numbers, you've also got the impact that shifted with currency with the Brexit vote, which is the one part of that, that we've seen. And I would say, overall, you take through and you say shifting to a more of a retail based net business. I think, we're well positioned there.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So let me answer that. I'm not sure, I'm going to go into all of our strategy and want to discuss that in a public setting, but maybe just to give you a little bit more color to it. So there remains significant overcapacity in the market and there remains probably over 5,000 tons to 10,000 tons of capacity that's either under construction or it's been idled or people delayed startup. So I think the overcapacity story is there for a while but a positive thing for us has been for several years now, we've made a strong drive to drive the retail portion of this business and you could see that's been working for us and that gives us an improvement on the mix. All in all I would say the pricing environment in LOX/LIN is slightly improved, you don't see that in the overall number because of the impact of helium. I just say, we didn't put that in the prepared comments because I'd really like to see how this plays out a few quarters into the future before we declare a trend there. So all in all though, I'd say that's positive, it's positive for us to be able to get the retail volume growth and I think that's all in all a very good thing for Air Products going forward, a lot of confidence in the team there.
Corning F. Painter: We've tried to in each of the recent earnings releases just give a concrete example of one thing that we're working on. The reality of this business though it's a very distributed business, right? We don't have world class plants where you export all around the world from one site, we have over 700 plants. And so it's a business of transactions and many plants and as Seifi says sometimes, the 10,000 little things. And so a big part of this is motivating the team and keeping ourselves focused on executing across those 10,000 things. I'd say that the move towards a regional structure has dramatically improved that, including the operating control in the region and the move to an incentive plan based on that same regional structure has been a big part of this as well, but all of that together really comes down to just the commitment of the people and the focus to deliver on this.
Corning F. Painter: Yes. Thank you for the question. So, LOX/LIN if we were going to look at that let's just say it's the most generic product goes into the most – largest number of industries it's probably the best sort of bellwether of everything. Year-on-year that was flat for us, however sequentially we were up about 2% so showing some positive momentum there. Even in that year-on-year flat however, I'd say that during the course of the year, we did make some adjustments in our portfolio as part of our Take the Lead program. We also had one situation, not exactly the same as Carrington what I talked about but where we did shut down a liquefier and we're able to shift some load around but that also did involve shutting some customers. So, all in all I think, approximately the best indication is just the sequential moving forward which gave us 2% and I see that as a net positive for us and I think a pretty good reflection of what's going in North America.
