Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you, Simon. As we look forward, unfortunately, we continue to see COVID-19 crisis deepening and adversely affecting the people and economies of most of the world. When I spoke to you in late April of 2020, the daily cases of COVID-19 in the U.S. were about 35,000 and the number of worldwide cases per day was about 80,000. Today, this situation is a lot worse. The number of cases in the U.S. is around 120,000. And for the world, it's almost 600,000 cases a day. Therefore, it is very difficult, if not just plain impossible, to make any reasonable projection about the course of economic activity around the world as we move forward. Therefore, we are not providing earnings per share guidance or CapEx guidance for our fiscal year 2021. We hope the outlook is less uncertain in January. And if that is the case, we will provide guidance. We are not shying away from guidance, but we are being very open with you that we just don't know as we sit here today in terms of what the course of economic activity will be.   However, I want to share with you what we are seeing so far this quarter, that is the month of October and as of today in November. A 52% of our sales, that is our onsite business is doing well, and we expect this to continue. The other 48% is our merchant business around the world, and this is where we are today in each area. In Asia, our merchant volumes are approximately where they were at this time last year. So Asia has recovered, and we see good results there. In Europe, we are seeing the impact of the recent COVID-19 surge with merchant volumes down 5% to 10% as of today versus last year mainly due to our packaged gases business in Europe. In Americas, unfortunately due to the significant increase in COVID-19 cases, merchant volumes are down about 5%. And I would like to remind you that we do not have a packaged gases business in North America.   And now please turn to Slide #29. Every day, but certainly in these challenging times, our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. Our business model and strong financial position will allow us to continue to execute our strategy and create long-term value for our shareholders, including the growth of our dividend. We are committed to the growth of our dividend every year. The projects in our backlog are moving forward as expected. And we continue to create and win some of the world's most significant projects. And as we do, we will continue to protect our people's health and safety and take care of their welfare and the welfare of their families. We are 100% committed to that.   In closing, I want to say thank you. First, to all of our employees around the world for their dedication and commitment. Our employees are playing a critical role and making a difference to the world during these challenging times. I also want to express my thanks to our customers. Innovating alongside you, our customers, we serve our higher purpose, supplying products that benefit the environment and help you to be more efficient and sustainable. Thank you for your continued confidence and trust in us. And finally, to our local communities around the world, I want you to know that we will continue to support you and stand together with you, especially during these difficult times.   Now we are pleased to answer any questions that you might have. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Jeff. Yes, that's an excellent question. This is a very big acquisition, $12 billion. Supporting documentation for this thing is -- I'm not exaggerating too much, about 4,000 or 5,000 pages. I cannot represent to you that we have agreed to every single term and dotted every T and crossed every I. There are still items that lawyers are going back and forth on this project. That is why I felt very strongly that I should be very upfront with our investors, as we always are, to tell you exactly where we are. We are not done with this thing. Financing is still going on. As you know, we launched the financing back in July. That is proceeding. But the whole thing is not 100% done, and I just wanted to be very clear with the investors exactly where we are. That's our job at these calls to tell you exactly where we are and how we see things. Now the situation can change 2 weeks from now, and we can announce that we have signed this thing. But I just want you to know that as of right now, this is where we are. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Again, Duffy, as I said, we feel obligated to tell you exactly where we are right now. We are not indicating with you guys that there is any significant issue with this facility. They had to shut down, and they -- as of right now, they haven't asked us to start it up. If they never shut it down, they have an enforceable contract and we will go and they have to live up to the contract terms and conditions that we have like any other facility. As you know, the other day, Shell announced that they are going to shut down their refinery in Convent, in Louisiana. So over there, we supply them, we have a contract, we'll deal with that. So what we are trying to tell you is that, look, this is the situation with this customer. Because it is a very big customer, I felt obligated to bring that up to the attention of the investors. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, it obviously depends on COVID and all of that. I think Q3 is more indicative than Q4. But fundamentally, Duffy, there is one other thing that is going on, which I'm sure you appreciate, is that we -- Air Products is not in a cost-cutting mode that we were in 2014 and 2015. We are in a growth mode. That means that we are hiring people and all of that in order to support our growth. Therefore, in the short term, our costs are going to be higher. And then once all of these big plants come on stream, then the cost relative to the margins and so on will come down. So we are -- we are not a company where we are in the mode of cutting costs and all of that.  We also made a conscious decision, which is different from a lot of people, but I feel very strongly about it, that under the COVID conditions then all of our people are under a lot of stress, worrying about the health and safety of their families that I didn't want to cut their salaries or lay them off. That was a conscious decision on our part. We could have cut their salaries, like a lot of other people did. We could have made a lot of people off, but we decided not to do that. Obviously, the consequence of that is that our margins go down. But we felt that it is better to take a hit on our margins, but at the same time, demonstrate to our people that we are with them for the long term. We are not operating the company based on trying to be heroes and announce a result this quarter. We are building the company for the next 30 years. Our people have sacrificed. They have -- got up every morning in the middle of COVID going to running our facilities, and I just wanted to be absolutely supportive of them. That means that we take a hit, as you have seen. But I think that is well justified. And that is our policy. And that is what we will do as we go forward. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Steve, you're asking an excellent question. We had given a guidance of about $9.35 for the year. If you take Jazan contribution out, and you know that was about $0.50; if you take the COVID contribution out, which is about $0.60, we delivered $8.38. So we basically delivered what we had kind of committed to. So other than those 2, there was no surprises. There was no -- nothing unusual that we -- I want to highlight. I think we got the pricing. We got the -- our plants running. We didn't shut down any facility, and there wasn't anything unusual. That is why, Steve, I'm not giving guidance. But I don't want that to be interpreted that we are in any day, shape or form concerned about the performance of Air Products.  Obviously, COVID-19 will have its impact. We might have to go into another lockdown and all of that. But fundamentally, Air Products is doing great. We have a great bunch of people. They are motivated. They have demonstrated. Please remember, we kept all of our 750 plants operating during the COVID, even at the height of the crisis, even today, and served our customers. So I feel very good about the company, and I feel very confident about the future. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, thank you for the question. We are getting more and more optimistic and more and more excited about the whole green hydrogen and green ammonia project. But at the same time, there is a lot of emphasis on hydrogen in general, blue hydrogen and green hydrogen. We are the largest producer of ordinary hydrogen, which comes from hydrocarbons. I call that gray hydrogen. We are the largest producer. And as people need that, we will provide that. There is significant interest in so-called blue hydrogen or blue -- I mean ammonia and hydrogen go together because ammonia is a way of transporting hydrogen around the world. But blue ammonia is becoming very popular for countries and places where they only care about the CO2 emission. They say that, look, you can make me ammonia in Indonesia, burn coal, do whatever you want. But if you capture the CO2, and I can certify that the ammonia that I'm using doesn't have -- the CO2 has been collected is blue ammonia, then I can use it and get the credit for not putting CO2 in the air, which they are right. So that is what is called blue ammonia.  And then the -- I mean that is the middle one. And then the ultimate one is obviously green ammonia that we are going to produce in plant. So to me, it's like unleaded gasoline, which is gray hydrogen; ordinary gasoline, which is blue ammonia; and then premium, which is equivalent to green hydrogen.  We play in all of these sectors. NEOM is focused on green hydrogen. But we do have projects that you are working on blue ammonia, on blue hydrogen and obviously gray hydrogen. So the main thing that I think is significantly encouraging is the world is beginning to see what we have been saying for 4 or 5 years that hydrogen in one form or another is going to play -- be the energy of the future. Everybody is now talking about it. I'm very happy about that. But the important thing is that we -- I think we have a lead because we have actual real projects doing these things. But we are very excited about all of those opportunities that you mentioned. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Okay. I mean the world is changing every single day. I mean the oil prices go up and down. The financing markets change, people change in different companies and all of that. All I'm saying about Jazan is that I just do not want the investors to have in their model for 2021, whatever it is that they have, $1 a share or something like that, and count on that. All I'm saying is please, to use my exact words, don't count your chickens before -- wait until we announce that we have done this before you put that in your absolute model.  That's all I'm saying is that because everything changes every day. I mean look at that. We have a presidential election. There is a possibility we have a new president. There is a possibility we have a new foreign policy. There is a possibility of a lot of different things. Nothing is 100%. My obligation is that every quarter when I'm in front of you to tell you exactly what we know. And what we know right now is that we haven't closed on this acquisition, and I just wanted to make sure you know that. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, on that one, in my prepared remarks, I mentioned something, I'll repeat that for you that as of today, the 11th of November, the way we see our business is that our Asia volumes are back to where they were in 2019. Asia, especially China, there is no COVID issue. It has recovered, and our business is doing fine there. So that's what we said.  In Europe, unfortunately, there is a significant surge, as you know, very well in COVID-19. That is creating a situation when governments are putting restrictions. Some of them are actually doing lockdowns and all of that. Therefore, our volumes, as of today, there is 5% to 10% lower than last year, especially significantly lower in our packaged gases business, which is very logical and expandable because that is the most susceptible to economic activity. In the United States, again, as you know, COVID cases have gone up. People are getting a little bit more conservative about the business activity. And our merchant volumes are down 5%. They are not down 10%, like in Europe, mainly because we don't have a packaged gas business in the United States. So that's where we are. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, thank you very much, Kevin. Thanks for the question. Kevin, we are very optimistic about our LNG business. Obviously, we have picked up a lot of quarters, and we think that the outlook for this business is very positive. You obviously know better than I do that this business is cyclical. Right now, we think we are on the up cycle. Obviously, for the last 3, 4 years, we were on the down cycle.  In terms of the capital, the great thing about these projects is that the return on capital is infinite. Because we don't put any of our capital, we get paid for what we are doing. It's sale of equipment. So whatever the money that we make is return on capital employed of the plant and the facilities that we have that we don't sell the new plant, then we get a new order. So the return on capital on these projects are very, very, very high. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Kevin, you are very right about the main effect being the maintenance cost. The maintenance cost is driven -- we don't have control of that. I mean we have control of the cost of the maintenance. But we don't have the control over when that happens. Because that can only happen during the time that the customer decides to shut down their refineries. Obviously, a lot of the refineries, considering what was going on with the market, they decided to take their shutdown during the summer when there was not a lot of -- I mean you know the situation in the marketplace for refineries. So that is what we got the hit. But are there other hits? Please don't forget that when we report Americas, did we grow South America, obviously, South America is not doing very well. So it was a combination of other factors, but the main factor was the maintenance cost, as you mentioned. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Bob, you are obviously very up-to-date about the latest thing that comes out from any part of the world, Bob. But the 1 lesson that we have learned from Jazan is that it is better not to say anything until you have the final contract rather than announce something and then have to explain why it is delayed. As a result of that learning from that, I have no comment about what is coming out of Indonesia. Once we have a deal, we will let you know. There is a lot of rumors going on. But I don't want to comment on that one day or another until we actually have anything to announce. And if we have anything to announce, we will announce that. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Never. We don't intend to make any announcement. Sorry to be categorical, Bob. But I'm just making a point, we do not intend to start announcing whom we sign the contract for and so on because we just obviously don't want to tell people where the market is. We are going to be very confidential about that. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: So P. J., you and your people and a lot of other people know a lot more about that than me. So I'm not an expert to be able to comment on that. The only thing that I know is that when you look at the U.S. refining capacity of somewhere between, I don't know, 18 million, 19 million barrels a day, you have already had announcements about shutdown of about 800,000 barrels, which is about 4%. Now has there been enough of a demand destruction to justify that? Or is that going to come back and create shortages? Or is more needed? I really don't know. I don't know how to comment on that. But the main thing is that what we have seen up to now hasn't had any material effect on our business. And as we go forward, we do not expect any material effect on our business based on what we know today. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: We think that things will move in parallel. I think people will continue to need gray hydrogen just to clean up the transportation system in the cities, no matter how the hydrogen is produced. Then they will need blue hydrogen, which means that it will drive blue hydrogen and blue ammonia, which will drive a lot of carbon capture opportunities. And obviously, a green hydrogen. So I think all 3 of them will go in parallel.  We are playing in all 3 of them. We obviously, as I said, the largest producer of gray hydrogen in the world. We have a lot of projects working on carbon capture, whether it is for production of ammonia or whether it is production of blue hydrogen and all of that. And when the time comes, we will announce them. And we, obviously, are very much involved in production of green hydrogen. So I think there is opportunities for all 3 of these. And quite frankly, you will see projects announced by us and of different people for all of these activities. Because fundamentally, I think there is a massive fundamental change in the public opinion, especially in Europe, even in the U.S., even in China, Korea, Japan, everywhere, a fundamental move that the world is getting warmer. Global warming is not a joke. It is a fact. It is science-based, and we need to do something about that. And as a result, all of these projects will go forward and I think everybody would make announcements and everybody would want play in it because that is the future. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, John, you're asking me a very good question. I really don't want to opine on that because it depends on the market development and all of that. And I really don't want to make too much comment about our involvement with the vaccine because we have confidentiality agreement with the people that we are working on. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the only one that we know that is closing is -- I mean, we know that Shell Martinez is closing. We had a contract there. And we know that Shell in Convent is closing. Those are the ones that we know. Anything else that might come up, might come up. But these things are not going to be material to Air Products because, quite frankly, we don't make that much money selling hydrogen to Shell anyway. So even if they close, it's not going to rob us out a lot of profit. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Mike, that's an excellent question, and you're absolutely right. We see very positive trends in 2021 for Air Products in LNG. I don't really want to comment on pricing because we don't make forward-looking statements about pricing. But you have seen our track record of what we have done. Our merchant pricing in all of the regions was up about 5%, even in the past quarter, even in COVID and all of that. So LNG pricing. And then we do have other projects, other new projects that are going to come on stream. Therefore, as a result of that, as I said, I'm very positive about our results for the next year. It's unfortunate that because of this uncertainty, at this time, we are not able to give you some kind of a guidance. But I hope that by January, we will be able to do that. But we do have a lot of good things going for us. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Indonesia has made a fundamental decision at the highest level, at the level of their President, that they are going to use coal, their natural resource, to produce chemicals such as methanol or DME in order to reduce their dependence on imported oil and reduce their commitments to foreign currency. Because they have to buy these things, if they make them internally, they don't have to use foreign exchange. They have made that decision. Therefore, as a result of that, I think you are going to see a lot of coal gasification projects in Indonesia. And we hope that with our technology and all of that, we would be a -- play leading role in that. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: David, I really don't want to put a time line on this thing because I don't know. I mean it can be a month from now. It can be 4 months from now. It can be 6 months from now. I don't know. I think we we will -- it would not be appropriate for us to put a time line on this thing. But everybody knows exactly where we are and what we are doing. So I just wanted to be very open about that. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the cost -- we took the shutdown, the plant is shut down. We are starting up some of the different parts of the plant to keep the plant generate a steam and all of that to make sure that things don't freeze and those kind of things to keep the plant that there stays that it can be restarted. The customer -- I mean, right now, the supply/demand situation, with the price of oil and all of that -- I mean, maybe they have decided that right now, they need -- they don't need the product and so on. I'm not into the minds of the customer, and we don't want to force them under another, it's their decision. But I don't want to represent either to you that they have a major structural problem or anything like that. We just feel obligated on these calls. It's our -- we feel responsible to tell you what we know as the time that I'm speaking to you right now. So the situation can change 2 weeks from now or 3 weeks from now. But as of right now, they haven't decided to formally start up the plant. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I wouldn't want to say held up. It is taking a long time. But at the end of the day, we have 3 different parties. It's Saudi Aramco, for sure, obviously, because they are the customer. But in a funny way, it is interesting because Saudi Aramco is also a partner with us in the joint venture we have put together to do the acquisition. So as you know, the structure of the joint venture that is going to do the acquisition is Air Products, with the majority shareholder, ACWA Power and Saudi Aramco themselves. So that is the joint venture that is negotiating with Saudi Aramco about the acquisition.  The acquisition is, as I said, $12 billion. Exactly what is included, what is not included, what the returns are, what the terms and conditions of the financing are and so on? Those are all of the complicated issues that need to be finalized. And then you have all of the banks who are committing to supply $7 billion, and they have their term sheets, they have their term conditions, when do they get paid. Who gets paid first? At what time did they get paid? How much of the dividend goes to them? How much of the dividend comes to the joint venture? What is the final interest rate that they want to charge? And how is it related to LIBOR? All of these things takes time. Considering unfortunately the situation that nobody can really physically get together with people and do things in 2 hours that doing the video conference becomes a little bit more of a challenge. That is what is taking time.  So at the end of the day, all the parties have to agree. I mean even if we finalize everything and everything and everything with Saudi Aramco, which is not done yet, but even if you do it, then we have to deal with the banks and finalize everything with the banks in terms of their requirement. And their requirement and so on, obviously, changes. Now what is the view of the banks based on the recent election in the U.S.? What did they see? How do they see the future? These are all of the complications in a deal like this. It's just like any other major acquisition. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: My friend, we are talking about -- we will have no problem. We are actually doing some projects in Europe related to hydrogen involving biogas. We don't have anything against it. But it is quite honestly ridiculous for anybody to assume that bio -- there will be enough biogas to power 200,000 trucks around the world. That is there -- I mean we are involved on those projects, but those are biogas at a specific location for making 2 tons a day of hydrogen. We have those plants. We continue to have that. I have no issue with that. But for anybody to claim that they can build the plant, produce 600 tons a day of hydrogen based on biogas, that is -- that would be a joke. And I'll be [indiscernible] to do this in a bigger scale. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you very much, Chris. Chris, we definitely see opportunities in India. India has been very much on the record with the Prime Minister talking about coal gasification. And right now, actually, India does have a request for quotation for a very giant coal gasification project in India. And obviously, we are participating on that. We expect India to do coal gasification, significant amount of coal gasification in the future. And we will definitely participate on that. Whether we win it or not, we'll see, but we think that India will definitely do coal gasification because they are at the same place like Indonesia. They are seeing China right now, where China is converting 280 million tons a year of coal into chemicals. And as a result, that has given them significant opportunity to massively reduce their dependence on oil. And I think countries like Indonesia and India see that. Their leaders are very much committed to that. It's just a matter of these things becoming reality through their systems.  But yes, we do see opportunities in India. And as I said, it is a live project, a very big project, probably about $3 billion of investment that is being publicly bid, and we are participating in the bidding process. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I think that I don't -- investors are very smart and they will catch up with everything. I think the reason is that people haven't been paying a lot of attention to some of the details going on. Japan has been talking about ammonia as a source of their hydrogen for many years. They had authorized their trading companies to go and look for that. But they specifically -- Japan specifically, is very much focused on blue ammonia because they want -- they are not so much concerned about getting -- being free of hydrocarbons. They want to have -- use hydrogen or ammonia where the CO2, which is produced by making ammonia is captured because they are focused in meeting their requirement for the Paris Accord for CO2 reduction. So they are focused on what is called blue ammonia. And the reason they're focused on ammonia is that their intention, at least for now, I think it will change, but right now, their big plan is, I'm going to buy ammonia. It will be blue ammonia. Therefore, the CO2 is captured. And then I take that ammonia and inject it into my power plants, plus burn the ammonia in the power plants. And as a result, I'm going to be producing electricity, which is carbon-free. It doesn't put any CO2 in the air because the ammonia, which was produced, didn't -- its CO2 was captured. And therefore -- and then I would use the electricity, which is produced to drive my cars and so on. That is their intention right now. I think they will come to the conclusion that, that is not enough because what are you going to do about your buses and trucks because they cannot run on electricity. So at some point in time, they will need clean hydrogen anyway. But I think right now, that is what they are very much focused on.  And then the other thing that they are focused on is that, okay, I can take the ammonia and burn it, generate the electricity. And then I will heat up all of my buildings and all of that with electricity. And I claim that, that electricity is CO2 free. But that is their focus. That's why there is so much discussion about blue ammonia for Japan. And we are obviously very well aware of it. We have been aware of it for 4 or 5 years, and we are looking -- working on projects to supply that. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Mike, there was an impact, but it is not material. I mean it's in the order of $4 million or $5 million of impact not $40 million or $50 million. So that's why we didn't talk about. But there was an impact. Unfortunately, there has been 3 of them, which have hit the same area. Our West Lake plant was out for a while, but the impact on our bottom line is not that significant. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yes. I would like to point out the 2 areas. One is obviously in electronics. We are seeing a lot of activity there. There's a lot of people talking about building new fabs, both in the U.S. and in China and in other parts of the world. And then the second one is obviously a lot of inquiries about green hydrogen, blue hydrogen and blue ammonia and all of that. Those are the 2 significant areas.  Well, thank you very much. And with that, I would like to thank everybody for being on our call today. We very much appreciate your interest. Please stay safe. Stay healthy. And we look forward to talking to you next -- for our results next quarter. Thank you for taking the time. All the best. 
