Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you again, Simon. The Air Products’ team remains focused on implementing our 5 point strategic plan, to move us forward to become the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. Our guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 is for earnings per share of $1.91 to $2.01. At midpoint, this will be an increase of about 7% over the fourth quarter of last years. Our full-year fiscal ‘16 guidance is now at $7.45 to $7.55. At midpoint, this will be an increase of 14% over already strong fiscal year [indiscernible] performance and is $0.13 or almost 2% higher than the annual guidance we gave you in October of last year. We now expect our CapEx to be no more than $1.2 billion for the year. As you can see from our results, we improved our cash flow by almost $100 million dollars this quarter. As a reminder, our priorities for the use of cash remain as follows: Number one, maintaining our A credit rating, that means we pay down debt to make sure that we have an A credit rating. Number two; invest in good projects and accretive acquisitions. We are very excited about the opportunities in our core industrial gases business. Petrochemical investments in the US Gulf Coast, refinery hydrogen plants around the world and oxygen for coal gasification in China present key growth opportunities for us and we believe Air Products is very well positioned to win profitable deals for these very large plants. Number three, priority for use of cash is continuing as we have to increase our dividend. And number four, if there is any excess cash available, we are very comfortable in returning money to our shareholders in the form of share buyback. At the end of the day, the cash we generate belongs to our shareholders and we will only spend it if we have high-return projects or good acquisitions. And now, we will all be delighted to answer your questions.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Duffy, the way we see that, it’s not material enough yet to kind of make a comment on that. We’d like to wait a little bit more just to see that, we have not seen a significant change.
Seifollah Ghasemi: This is Industrial Gases. In Industrial Gases, I think Corning went through the details about the volumes and all that. Industry-wise, we don’t see any significant change. Our hydrogen volumes in the US continue to be strong because of the demand for gasoline, but nothing particular that we would want to point out as if anything has changed in the last quarter.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We continue to be optimistic, and quite frankly, today, I’m more optimistic than I was last quarter or the quarter before that. We see a lot of opportunities because I think Air Products is very well positioned to take advantage of all of the opportunities that might come about in the US, in the Gulf Coast and in China. So, yes, I would summarize that we’re more optimistic, yes.
Seifollah Ghasemi: David, the only reason, as you know, we usually have a $0.05 range at this time of the year. The only reason we have put down $0.10 is that we are very concerned about what is actually going to happen to currency exchange rates. That’s something that is not under our control, I mean what is going to happen to the British pound, what is going to happen to the Chinese Yuan, therefore, we wanted to have a wider range because we can pretty well predict what our internal performance is going to be, but since we reported results and the translation is there, we don’t have a hand on, that’s why we didn’t want to get ahead of ourselves.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, David, we are recognizing revenue but we are not recognizing the profit yet. The reason for that is that we want to move forward with the project a little bit more, and make sure that we are going to be able to meet the commitments that we have in the contract in terms of power consumption and schedule because there are speculated damages there, so we’re being conservative in recognizing profit. We will obviously at some point in time recognize profit, but we have not done that this quarter, we haven’t done that yet.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, our backlog, we had - slide number 27 that gives you a detail of the backlog. Our backlog currently stands at $2.1 billion, the reason it was lower than last quarter is because of the hydrogen plant coming on stream, but in terms of those kind of discussions, PJ, if you give me a break, I don’t think it would be appropriate for me to make any comment, because we are - when it comes to national oil companies and all of that, people would like to be a little bit more discreet. So, you know about our strategies, but I don’t want to comment in any detail.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, Jim, thanks for your question. The cash is - considering the timing of everything, we will really have our hands on the cash kind of beginning of 2017. Obviously, we are cognizant of what is coming and we would like to put that to good use. Our number one priority, after we have paid down the debt, because of the loss of the EBITDA that we have and making sure that we have our A rating, then we still can have a lot of cash on hand. And as I said before, our number one priority is organic growth, we see a lot of opportunities and we’re going to put that to work best. We are looking at acquisitions that’s not huge ones, but smaller ones, that would be a possibility. And then, the other thing is that in terms of timing it’s difficult to put a timeframe on that in terms of - because if some of these big projects happens, we can use that cash quickly, but I would like to add that the fact that we have cash doesn't mean that we're going to rush to spend it. We are going to be very prudent at the use of cash. I've always said, our capital allocation is one of my most important responsibilities, so we will look at things, the fact that we have cash gives us a lot of power to do things, but at the same time, we're not ready to just go and burn it up just because we have the cash.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the BREXIT, in terms of lost projects, I don’t know that many of them in Europe anyway, so I don't see too much of an impact on that, but the fundamental effects of BREXIT, I think, it is going to take many years to manifest itself. Personally, I think that that is going to have a very negative effect in the long term, but I don’t see any immediate effect in our businesses and we haven't seen that anybody has cancelled any project in China because of BREXIT. And there are people, as I'm sure you read the different articles that argue that BREXIT is going to actually weaken Europe and strengthen China, which I think might be the case.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Our guidance for the next quarter is entirely based on our activities in terms of our take the lead and cost actions. We are not counting on any significant improvement in economic activity, and we’re not counting on any significant appreciation because of exchange rates. Everything that we have done in the past two years, the improvement that you see in EPS, the double-digit growth in EPS is all due to the internal actions that the people of Air Products has taken, and that will be the contributor to our improvement for next quarter.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We think our CapEx requirements on the standalone company after we divest rest of the other business, it can be anywhere between $1 billion to $2 billion a year depending on how successful we are with the project.
Seifollah Ghasemi: The only reason that that margin is down, Vincent, is because we have recognized $100 million of sale for Jazan with no profit. If you exclude that, our margin actually went up. That is the primary reason.
Seifollah Ghasemi: One, Vincent, our goal will be to have enough projects to spend $2 billion a year because we can afford to do that. So, we are optimistic about the big projects and at the end of the day we have to deliver what we say, but we definitely think that and figure out $1 billion to $2 billion hopefully on the higher end would be a possibility.
Seifollah Ghasemi: No, we have not. I think Corning can expand on that, but we have not seen anything. There are a lot of projects going on, I think you have to be careful because most of the coal projects we are involved in are clean coal, I mean the Chinese government will probably have a different view if you’re building a power plant that is using coal, but the clean coal technology that is - we haven’t seen anything, but Corning…
Seifollah Ghasemi: We believe very strongly that bigger portion of your business being on-site is a very good thing. And once we become pure-play, about approximately probably 55% of our sales will be on-site business, which is higher than anybody else and we will do everything to expand that. That is where we can get large projects contributing a steady cash flow to the business, that’s a lot better than going buying companies that sell welding glass.
Seifollah Ghasemi: What we have said about 10% is that - that is the minimum. Some of the projects that we have signed up for in the last two years have returns which are higher than that. So, on the new cash, our goal will be that if we’ll have a minimum of 10% and hopefully higher than that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: John, I’m afraid you have to wait until October for us to disclose that. There are too many moving part of our corporate cost and accounting methods and all of that, and I think it would be dangerous for me to get into that right now, but we will obviously disclose that to you once Versum and PMD are gone in accordance with the rules we will go back and restate actually the last five years. So you will have total visibility on exactly what’s going on.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Starting 2017, 2018, because these projects are two to four year projects, so some of the ones that we approved last year will come on stream in late 2017, 2018, 2019.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, we obviously cannot comment on competitive behavior, but the rest of the question - Corning will answer that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, thank you very much. With that, I would like to thank everybody for being on the call. Thanks for taking time from your busiest schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day and all the best, thank you.
Corning Painter: So, we had success in our pricing efforts in each area, I think it’s important to recognize what’s most important is price versus let’s say power in other input costs, and that was a positive for us.
Corning Painter: So, I mean there has been a large announced consolidation with Baosteel. I think after the Lunar New Year, we saw steel prices spiked in Asia, in China, that spike was not very long lasted and came back down. So, I think there is like a momentum you could say in China and a commitment, and clearly a reality there is over capacity that needs to get source it out, but this is going to have to be worked through and there is social implications to that.
Corning Painter: I think if you looked back a couple of years, looking backwards, there was a pause in approving these projects. Our REIT of the Chinese government, the five-year plan and so forth and just what we see on the ground is that they’re moving towards permitting and authorizing projects going forward. So, I think our view of moment is a little different than that.
