Simon Moore: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning, and welcome to Air Products Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Teleconference. This is Simon Moore. Today, our CFO Paul Huck and I will review our Q2 results and outlook for the remainder of 2011.  We issued our earnings release this morning. It is available on our website along with the slides for this teleconference. Please go to airproducts.com and click on the scrolling red banner to access the materials. Instructions for accessing the replay of this call beginning at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time are also available on the website. Please turn to Slide 2.  As always, today's teleconference will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations regarding important risk factors. Please review the information on these slides and at the end of today's earnings release, explaining factors that may affect these expectations. Now I'll turn the call over to Paul for a review of our financials.
Simon Moore: No, thanks, Paul. I think just another thing to point out to, really, from an MSI standpoint, we would still be consistently aligned with our original guidance, and I think that lines out well with the third-party measures. I think some of the things that we talked about that continue to allow us to grow at a higher level than MSI is our strength with the leading producers in that industry, our strength in the leading regions and then beginning to see some benefit from some of the smaller, faster-growing areas in the LED and TV. So MSI guidance kind of consistent with where we said, but we see the opportunity to grow faster than MSI.
Simon Moore: I think maybe the other point then, too, would be as always you heard Paul reaffirm our perspective on CapEx guidance for FY '11, which will be up 15% to 30% over last year.
Simon Moore: I think, we did see, if you will, a growth in those ventures in sort of base business aspect of it. The reported results, there was a number of things that Paul mentioned in terms of changes of ownerships, some legal costs, inventory valuations. So the key, I think, is that those ventures continue to perform and grow as we expect them to.
Simon Moore: All right, thanks. Good question on NF3. So, obviously, there's a lot of facilities in Japan, and this is a broader comment than just NF3, that are affected not only by any potential damage, but also by rolling power outages. SO we don't know exactly what our competitors are doing, but NF3 is a type of process where you'd have a very difficult time to run the plant if you were still experiencing rolling power outages. So we have seen increased requests for product from our customers. I would say that NF3 pricing specifically was slightly positive versus last year and also slightly positive sequentially. So some of the things we've talked about over the last few quarters about mitigating the downward pressure, we are starting to see some positive effects there. Now keep in mind, NF3 is roughly around 10% of our Electronics sales. And so while that is a flat to slightly up, we also have some of the newer products that we are pleased our customers are adopting, and we have shown them some price volume curves. So on balance, as we've said before, for the Electronics segment, we'll probably see stable pricing going forward. The other point to make about NF3 is we typically have this under contracts. Now they're not as long as the contracts in the other aspects of our business so about a year. So we're certainly honoring our contracts and we're looking to manage the price and availability with our customer relationships as best as we can.
Simon Moore: Yes, we are running pretty high rates right now on NF3. As we continue to line out the Korea plant, as it's a new plant, we continue to look for and find ways to squeeze some more capacity out, but we're running at a pretty high operating rate right now on the two plants.
Simon Moore: A good point. And then again just a couple of things, we said on the Performance Materials side, we were successful with the price increases we took out recovering additional costs on the Performance Materials side. So good work by the team there. On the Electronics side, we said that the Specialty Materials, and obviously, as Paul said historically that's the area that has the most variability and has had the most downward pressure. That was flat versus last year and basically flat versus last quarter in Specialty Materials. So that's a big change from the historical direction that this business has been taking. I gave you a little bit more color specifically on NF3. But again, we have a suite of products in this area, and I think we'd say, stable pricing going forward as we continue to drive productivity, allows us the opportunity to expand margins.
Simon Moore: So we're on the same page here, Mike. We're talking about the average for the quarter, right? Because that's the number that actually gets used, right? So at the end of Q2, that was 218.8. That was down a little bit from the end of Q1. The share purchases we did were primarily in the second half of the quarter. So you'll see maybe about a third of that effect in this quarter, and you'll see the full effect of that in the next quarter.
Simon Moore: As Paul said, we bought back about 3.8 million shares. We do have, as you know, the option exercises do continue to expand those number of shares as well. So again, I think we'd see about 2/3 more than we saw in this last quarter.
Simon Moore: Thanks, Elizabeth. Thank you, everybody, for joining us. Please go to our website to access a replay of this call beginning at 2:00 p.m. today and have a nice day.
Paul Huck: Yes. Kevin, a couple of questions, which you have there. First, regarding Electronics and the Electronics margins. We certainly intend to continue to drive margins in that business. The thing, which has driven them are two things: First, we have very strong volume growth, not only from our existing product but some of the new products, which we've introduced. And those new products come in at a very nice margin for us. So that has helped, and the leverage on our facilities certainly has helped. Second, as everyone knows, we have put that group through a lot of changes over the past few years and those changes have paid off in increased margins and better operations for that facility, for their facilities and the way they operate. So yes, we do think that we have a sustainable model in there and that we will continue to experience good growth. With regard to Japan, from an Electronics standpoint, we don't -- to date we have not seen any real impacts. We watched our volumes very closely through April. Our volumes look good with things. We've talked our customers. Our customers continue to operate. There's obviously people who are concerned about supply chain. Apple recently commented that they do not see any issues with it. That's good news from our standpoint, because they are downstream, people who produce units. And so, we hope that, as we go forward, and that it won't be a problem for us.
Paul Huck: And so, with regard to margins, we are certainly not happy with the results, which have come through on the Merchant area. If you look at it, we did get the volume leverage that we have had. We've had good volume growth in the business here. We lost the volume leverage, principally because of a couple of items. Number one, we had some operating problems at facilities, which caused us, actually, distribution cost to move product around, higher cost to operate and maintain those facilities and fix those problems. Now some of those costs will go away in the next quarter, but there will be more costs, which need to go away in the longer term to get that. The second factor is that we have not delivered in this quarter, we have not delivered the productivity gains, which we have planned upon. And that's something, which we need to fix and get moving forward. We constantly have inflation in this business, as anyone in any business has. We aim to more than offset our inflation on the productivity end. We did not do that this quarter, obviously, and we fell back a little bit. And so, we are attempting to come out of that. Will margins jump back up to the quarter one levels in quarter three? We're going to try to get them back up, but that's a large test for us. I will tell you that right now. But we do expect to start to see continued improvement, as we look to the future here and see margins improve on a sequential basis in quarter three and in quarter four.
Paul Huck: Yes, I mean, and we expect that the Electronics volumes to continue to grow. Now whether we will see as strong as seasonal impact in quarter three and quarter four as we have in other years, I think remains to be seen. But we are certainly expecting to see volumes grow sequentially, as we go into the last half of the year. Simon, I don't know if you have any other comments on what you've seen.
Paul Huck: And so, regarding the LNG equipment backlog. The LNG equipment backlog, for us, is strong. As far as the equipment backlog, our shortfall to what our plans were exist in the air separation plant orders. So the LNG equipment businesses, it looks very good. As far as going and trying to export, and with LNG out of the U.S., there are people who are taking looks at that. These projects do take a long time to develop and are subject to a lot of ups and downs with things. We will go out and support those projects and look at those things. I think -- this is just a personal one for me. I think it's going to be tough to get one and to get a permit within the United States to export LNG, but we'll see what happens.
Paul Huck: Yes, well, if you take a look at how much operating income growth from a sales growth, if we see our sales this quarter, so if you just take our sales this quarter, we're up about $90 million from the past year. And so, if I then take a look at that and say, "Well, how much was due to pass-through of higher cost and raw material cost?" And that's about $11 million. Currency took us up about $12 million on those things. And so, the growth in volume for us was about $70 million, when you look at that just on a rough number. We would expect operating income to grow somewhere around $20 million or so based upon that, P.J., for that. So it's somewhere around 0.3x the sales, whatever the sales growth would be, but that gives you some numbers, which you can work on from there. And we didn't see this, this quarter. I mean, to be honest with you, we didn't see it, and we're not very happy with that.
Paul Huck: Yes, and so I'll turn to the equipment backlog, which we actually tracked. We tracked these two things on a separate basis. The equipment backlog is one of aspect of things, and the capital project backlog is another aspect of things. So if you take a look at our capital backlog for us, our capital backlog is about $2 billion at the end of this quarter. At the end of last quarter, I think I told you on the call, it was $1.8 billion. So we are up over 10%. So we have seen some award activity occur in this quarter, which is good news for us, because we were expecting that stuff to occur. It is principally on-site projects. So when I look at that backlog, three quarters of it is on the Tonnage side, 15% in the Merchant area and 10% in Electronics for us, as we go forward here. It's spread across the world. So we have projects in North America, in Asia and Europe, also for us.
Paul Huck: Well, as far as the announcements within the United States, as Simon said to you, they were opportunities, which presented us. One was around an on-site supply. So people are going to do that, and the other one was for a particular market and the opportunity for injection for LIN for frac-ing for the oil field services area. And so, as far as the U.S. is concerned, we aren't seeing a whole lot of activity with people announcing plants there. I think we are seeing activity with people announcing plants in Asia with those things, but that goes with the manufacturing growth.
Paul Huck: No, it is not. No, I think the disappointment [ph] -- see, if you take a look, most of our capacity, most of our capacity, P.J., comes as we look to the future here. Capacity additions are going to be in Asia. They're going to be around the emerging markets, and particularly China. India will have some, but China will have more. China is going to be the biggest market for industrial gases out here in the future someday with the amount of the manufacturing that is done there. And so, as that manufacturing needs grow, they drive a need for more and more gases from the Merchant side. And so, that growth is normal, our operating rates mid 80s to high 80s across the board in those countries. So we are in very good shape there from a loading capacity standpoint. And we need new capacity, as we project out in the future, just to take the normal market growth. You got manufacturing still growing at a double-digit rate in China. It's over 10% this year.
Paul Huck: Well, one of the things, which we did, as you know, we have an equity affiliate, which we dropped out in this last quarter. So that's a slight drop with things for us. Our equity affiliates are performing well, we think. And as we look at it around the world, we think we are in good shape there.
Paul Huck: I think one of the things, which you're seeing is, as we look at this, you're seeing more and more on-site investment. If you look at our total PP&E in the ground, more and more on-site investment, which is 15- to 20-year depreciation. And we're seeing roll-off Merchant investment, which tends to be more in the 10 to 15 type of cycle. So as you see that shift within the company, as we've gone to be more and more of an on-site tonnage company, you're seeing that the replacement of the depreciation, is you're seeing assets, which we don't fully depreciate at that 10- to 15-year life. And some things are going to the 15- to 20-year life.
Paul Huck: Well, on the new project startups, most of that is in the Tonnage area, and we don't break it out by segment, Rob. But we still think we're going to see about $0.35 a share year-on-year from that. Probably, the increase in the guidance comes from the loading being better and volumes being better on the existing assets, particularly Electronics and Performance Materials.
Paul Huck: Okay, if you take a look on the margins on an incremental basis, they are probably around 40% in Electronics. On the Performance Materials end of the business, they aren't as high. It's not as capital-intense. So they tend to be closer to a 30% range for us. And then what you're also seeing year-on-year is the improvement on the cost reductions, which we've done. And the efforts for those people to save cost should increase their margins, which they've done a very good job on.
Paul Huck: And with regard to pricing in the Merchant area, I think, if you look at the U.S. for us and where the loading is, we are not at the point where I think you're going to see real price increase. However, we are determined to get recovery of our costs. And so we are implementing surcharges in the Merchant area within the U.S. In Europe, as I've said before, prices do need to go up. It's a competitive market, obviously. But the margins, which we have there are not satisfactory, and one of the solutions to that -- it's not the only solution -- has to be that we have to get some of our customers to pay more. We got to get costs out in that area. And as you look at Asia, I think you've seen prices go up. And we would expect that to continue. Now some of the increases, which you saw this year for the first half get around the shortage of liquid argon, which have occurred. But underlying, we have seen good strong growth of about 2% or so in LOX/LIN, which is the base product in those areas, and I think that is something, which should sustain here going forward.
Paul Huck: With that, Don, and regarding the European healthcare, it's been a good successful business for us. There has been price pressures. That is nothing new, given the price pressures which we've been dealing with for a long time here. We matched that with reductions on costs for us, and we look at businesses and we look to make the right decisions. There aren't any sacred cows for us as far as the business, but we basically don't comment or try to speculate on this business. It's been a successful business for us.
Paul Huck: As far as how much of bonuses, we don't actually comment exactly on the -- and give amounts of the bonuses. Year-to-year, the impact of bonuses is not huge, Dave. So what this is, is it's really something, which gets to be a cycle for us. And we have the peak period, as I said in the second quarter. If we look at going forward on the Tonnage segment, with the additional maintenance activity, which we're going to see, and also due to the decline in bonuses. In aggregate, we'll probably down pretty close to what our Q1 results were in that segment for us.
Paul Huck: Yes. Yes, and that is our goal. We think that there are lots of opportunities for us. This always gets around the issue of trying to time the projects. So trying to predict the backlog is always very difficult for us. And we'll have more to say on the CapEx guidance as we get closer to 2012. But our hope is that our 2012 CapEx actually grows from 2011. That's certainly the thing, which as we look to the future, is something, which we see those opportunities for us.
Paul Huck: No. For us, I think, it's that the operating rates in the business really have to go up here right now.
Paul Huck: Sure, okay. If you take a look at the cost, one of the things, which we looked at and the amount of what the shortfall for us was, to get to kind of the margin where our leverage would have showed up as [ph] flow-through, we were short about $15 million in profit in an estimate, which we did here. About half of that is unrecovered inflation, where we didn't get the productivity savings, which we were planning on getting for us. The remainder of that then sits in 2 other areas. The first is the cost of additional power and the variable costs to move product around from an operation standpoint. In other words, you've got a plant out in a particular place, so you got to move product to longer distances to serve the customer. We have the capacity in most products to be able to do that. So we didn't lose a lot in volume. We lost some in volume, but we didn't lose a lot. And then the additional fixed cost to fix the plants and maintain the plants and stuff like that, that was the other half of those things. Those are split about even, when you look at that. With regard to pricing overall in this segment, we about recovered the variable cost increases, which we saw year-on-year for those things. So pricing, we can pick on certain areas in certain regions. But on net, overall, it looked good. There is opportunity for us to increase margins with the pricing as I covered before, particularly in places like Europe and in some of the recovery areas of some of the cost. With regard to the surcharges on diesel costs and things like that, diesel was not a huge issue for us in this quarter, as I said. But our surcharges typically will go on the way they lag, by a month or so for us before we can get that out to the customer. And it varies contract by contract.
Paul Huck: And we have not done any additional repurchases of shares since then. Let me just get you the diluted share count. I gotta look at that.
Paul Huck: If you look at that, I think, Mike, a good number to use will be maybe about $217 million -- $217.7 million to $217.8 million, right around there, when you just take the number. So down by 1 million shares or so.
Paul Huck: Yes. And with the increase in oil prices, I think, if the increase in oil prices is sustained, I think it helps the oil sands. So I think that it makes it more attractive. It makes the economics work better for us. And with regard to the Refinery Hydrogen business, we do not see that respond to oil prices on the spot basis.
Paul Huck: Yes. I think you outlined a lot of the things which we do until... We'll talk more about this at the investor conference, as we talk about our goals going forward. But I think we are very excited about continued strong improvement in 2012. We've got -- we still have loading, which we can do. We've got projects, which are coming onstream, projects from this year get the full-year effect. We'll have projects coming onstream in 2012, also, for us. And we think that sustains out into the future.
Paul Huck: I think as far as the gains in volumes in Europe, I think those -- we are pleased with those. I think the gains in the U.S., I think we would expect to start seeing them accelerating.
Paul Huck: Yes, Mark, I think one of the things in which you can be assured of is that we look at and run our plants to give the best margin to us in the near term. We can certainly do that and do that all the time. I think as we go forward and look at this, we think there is still growth, which occurs here. And so that's something, which we can take advantage of here, and we think we have the opportunity to load.
Paul Huck: It depends on what you see those opportunities in the U.S. being. I mean, we still see a fairly decent growth within the U.S. from a manufacturing standpoint. So we're predicting the growth rates in the manufacturing end to be 5% or so going forward in the future. And if we get a multiple of that, we ought to be there. We ought to be up higher in operating rates.
Paul Huck: You're right, Mark, I'm not going to give the Investor Day because I want everyone to come for this, because we think we've got a good story for people and it's worth coming to. But if you look at those opportunities for us, and these will be even longer term, as we look at the emerging markets, we certainly see great opportunities and we're very happy with our position, both from a Merchant and on-site business in these emerging markets, and the product offerings, which we have, and the applications, which we have to serve those markets. I think you'll be excited by those things going forward here. And then, obviously, also the improvements of returns for us, which we've been working very hard at, and we continue to focus on.
Paul Huck: Sure, and if you come to the Investor Day we'll have some things, and we will talk to you about that very opportunity.
Paul Huck: As far as that is concerned, sure. We think that overall, from those things, we can grow faster than our investors by 1% or 2%.
