Simon Moore: Thank you, Cecilia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products' Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations Corporate Relations and Sustainability. I'm pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Dr. Samir Serhan, our Chief Operating Officer; Melissa Schaeffer, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. After our comments, we will be pleased to take your questions. Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website at airproducts.com. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our earnings release and on Slide number 2. In addition, throughout today's discussion, we will refer to various financial measures. Unless we specifically state otherwise, when we refer to earnings per share EBITDA, EBITDA margin, the effective tax rate and ROCE both on a total company and segment basis, we are referring to our adjusted non-GAAP financial measures, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, adjusted effective tax rate and adjusted return on capital employed. Reconciliations of these measures to our most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found on our website in the relevant earnings release section. Now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.
Simon Moore: Thank you, Seifi. Now please turn to slide 19. Energy costs in Europe remained very high, but had no profit impact on our on-site business since we are contractually able to pass the cost on to our customers. Since almost all of our natural gas usage is for on-site hydrogen production we have very little cost exposure to natural gas and no cost exposure to the power used for our on-site ASUs. In our merchant business our team continues to implement price increases to compensate for higher power costs highlighting the strength of our business model. You can see the power cost for Europe this quarter were still three times the level at the beginning of 2021. Although, we have now fully recovered the higher power costs for the year-to-date we remain mindful of the dynamic nature of the situation and we are continuing to work hard on pricing. Now please turn to slide 20 for a review of our Europe results. Negative currency had a significant impact on Europe. All major local currencies were weaker versus the dollar by double-digits. Compared to prior year underlying sales were stable supported by a sizable step-up in merchant pricing. Price increased 17% over last year for the region which translates to a 25% gain for the merchant business. Prices were higher across all major product lines and subregions and this is the fourth consecutive quarter of sequential price increases. Volume was 3% weaker. Merchant volume was up, but hydrogen volume was negatively impacted by a planned customer turnaround and another customer reducing volume from us due to high natural gas costs. EBITDA improved 4% due to strong price net of variable costs and better equity affiliate income, which were partially offset by unfavorable currency and weaker volume. EBITDA margin decreased 500 basis points compared to prior year as better pricing net of variable costs only partially offset higher energy cost pass-through which lowered margin more than 700 basis points. Compared to the prior quarter, merchant volume improved and price continued to gain strength across all key product lines and subregions. EBITDA was up 9% as better price net of variable costs more than offset weaker currency. EBITDA margin improved 230 basis points primarily due to the strong price. Compared to Q1 of this year, Europe's operating income has improved $40 million or 40% and EBITDA margin has increased by over 600 basis points, owing much to our team's successful pricing effort. Now I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Serhan for a discussion of our other segments.
Simon Moore: Thank you, Seifi. I have been honored to enjoy the challenges, the opportunities, the people and the teamwork at Air Products over the last 30-plus years. As they say, no one joins the company planning to stay for 30 years, but I have been lucky to be challenged with a wide variety of opportunities that always made Air Products a great place to be. Seifi, as we discussed when I first shared my decision with you I remain fully supportive of Air Products' growth strategy, continuing to focus on our very strong base business, while we further advanced our unique first-mover advantages driving the sustainability-focused energy transition for the world will no doubt create significant value for our investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders. And Seifi, I want to specifically thank you for leading the team to transform Air Products into this great company with an incredible future. I'm looking forward to continuing to drive our critical work support the search for an outstanding successor and ensure a smooth transition. Thanks again, Seifi.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you very much Simon for your kind remarks. I do appreciate that. Now we are pleased to answer your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: And Chris thanks for your comments. I appreciate that. We are very confident that we will be able to continue doing what we have been doing in the last three quarters in order to deal with all of the headwinds that we are dealing with. We have significant headwinds in currency, COVID, energy costs, and all of that. We believe that we have the capacity the resilience, the strength, and the market position to continue to increase prices to compensate for energy costs and other inflationary factors. So, we are not going to fall behind on that as we have demonstrated in the last three quarters and I expect those efforts to continue. The second thing is that our people are phenomenally focused on our costs making sure that we have by really count for every penny and Melissa, in her role as CFO, is playing a leading role in interacting with our businesses around the world to make sure they understand their cost and we keep our eyes on the ball in making sure that we are not spending on any money that you don't have to spend on. So, putting all of these together that is why we have had on honestly the courage considering everything that is going to be thrown at us in the next quarter not to change our forecast for the year and stick with the $10.20 to $10.40 which means at midpoint $10.30 and knowing full well that we are going to be hit with at least $0.10 of currency headwind. So, we are going to keep doing what we have been doing and I'm very confident that we should be successful Chris. 
Seifi Ghasemi: Sure. We fully expect Lu'An to go back to the original contract starting October 1. And all of those other projects that you mentioned do you expect them to come on a screen in 2023 and contribute to our increased EPS versus this year. So, we look forward to having a good year in 2023.
Seifi Ghasemi: I see two things. Number one, our ability to make sure that we increase prices to keep up with inflation; and the second thing is that, there are pockets of our business which are doing better than we expected, to be very specific, the hydrogen pipeline in the Gulf Coast, because of what you know very well about increased activity for refineries. So that is helping us.
Seifi Ghasemi: We have a lot of flexibility to deal with that, if that is what the customers want to dom because they have many, many operations that can be -- we do that all the time in order to manage our electricity costs, because when electricity costs go up significantly during the night or during the day depending on where you are. We shut down some -- slow down some facilities and ramp it later. So we have a lot of flexibility to deal with that. You must be referring specifically to any possible electricity shortages in Europe, as a result of the cutoff of the natural gas to that region. But if that happens, then we just -- we'll adjust our operations to what the customers’ wishes.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, obviously, the dividend is at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the company, but we expect to be getting a regular dividend. That's the expectation and we got the dividend this quarter and I expect -- I don't want to say this every single quarter. But in general, over the course of the year, we expect to get the dividend that is necessary or expected as per the -- our investment agreement. As the company -- the good news as Dr. Serhan mentioned is that the plant is operating, the commissioning is going well. And we have an outstanding customer in Saudi Aramco which happens to be generating a lot of cash themselves. So...
Seifi Ghasemi: David, I'm -- I would not want to venture into that. You have to give me until beginning of November to give you a guidance for that. So, I don't really want to comment too much on that, but I am optimistic, because we do have significant plans coming on the stream and therefore I'm expecting good 2023. But in terms of exactly where we will be, it depends on the world economy and all of that but we will obviously give you a forecast for that in – when we announced our results at the end of October or early November. 
Seifi Ghasemi: John, first of all good morning. You're asking a very good question. Give us a really bit of time to sort out the details of that before we make any public comments. Yes we are looking at possibility of a green hydrogen project in the Netherlands using the wind energy that they have. But we haven't finalized everything. We just wanted to let people know that they are working on those. But once we have finalized the details we will make an appropriate announcement. 
Seifi Ghasemi: First of all good morning Kevin, you're asking a very excellent question. I think as the demand goes up, the ability to finance these projects become easier. And I think in time we will obviously tell you for example how we are going to do the project in NEOM and so on in detail. But I think as the Board and the – all of the infrastructure funds and everybody sees that the demand is real and it is going – then you'd be able to finance these projects project finance these projects. And therefore I think we will – we certainly at Air Products are confident that we will be able to keep up in terms of the capital with the demand. We don't think we will be capital constrained. And I think the rest of the industry, those who wish to play on this thing will participate. I think there is a lot of cash as you know better than I do a significant amount of cash available around the world, who is looking for investing in green projects. The issue is lack of projects or lack of credible projects. And that is why I think in time you will see that the sum of our projects been we want to finance them there will be a lot of demand for people to project finance them. So I don't expect at least speaking for Air Products, I cannot speak for the industry. But the organ for Air Products, I don't think we will have the problem of lack of cash.
Seifi Ghasemi: Jeff, overall that may make sense and actually that math if you take the $25 and the $35 that applies to significantly more than the $5.5 million that you're talking about for the mega project because we also have a lot of CO2 in other places. Jeff, the bill that is in front of Congress is about 750 pages. I do not want to claim that I know that everything that is in all the 750 pages, but we have been involved significantly in the details of that bill. But the bill is not passed yet. So it will be premature to comment on it. Once the bill becomes law, I promise you that we will have a conference call and be as Air Products will delineate for you all of the aspects of that bill that would affect our business because it's not just only the CO2 there are things in there about hydrogen and other things. So I'd just like to wait. We know a lot about that bill, but I'd like to wait until the bill becomes law the President signs it hopefully in the next few weeks. And then, we will as I said, I promise you we will have a detailed conference call, where we will delineate the effect of that across our business.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, that is a little bit of a secret that we have, but order of magnitude let me tell you that the agreement that we have with the State of Louisiana allows us to put in and store significantly higher CO2 than the 100 million that you quote significantly high.
Seifi Ghasemi: I don't want to give the exact number, because we are under confidentiality but it is significantly higher than the 100.
Seifi Ghasemi: That is exactly what did happen. Yes. If the bill getting enacted in the phone that it is being talked about right now -- until it becomes off.
Seifi Ghasemi: In China, electricity cost has not been a major factor. And in China about 69% of our business is on site. So up to now energy cost, electricity cost in China has not been a major factor for us. And obviously, that is regulated by the government. A little bit more control there.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, we kept -- you are very right. We usually have a tighter range as they’ve been get to this stage more like $0.10, but we kept it at $0.20, because of the uncertainty that we are facing, because we cannot obviously predict the future. But obviously, our goal is to at least get to the midpoint. That is our goal. But we just didn't want to pretend as if we know more than we do. And we do have the uncertainty in terms of what is going to happen not only in China, but also in Europe energy costs, what will happen to the supply of natural gas is Russia going to squeeze natural gas supply to Europe so that they cannot store it for the winter. I don't know. Some of those things are very big end loans. And also the US economy, the US economy nobody talks about it, but they just increased interest rates what effect is that going to have on consumer spending or are we going to see a contraction. We did see the GDP slowdown. So all of those are unknowns and that is why we kept the range. But obviously, our goal is to at least get to the midpoint at this stage. But we just wanted to make sure, we are very don't pretend as if we know more than we do. 
Seifi Ghasemi: On the large projects and so on, we are very optimistic. And I think it will be will be developing and announcing a lot of new projects, because we are in a good position. We have technologies that people need, and we are focused on the right sector in terms of green and blue hydrogen. So you -- on gasification. So I think you'll hear a lot from us in the years to come. 
Seifi Ghasemi: So John, there is obviously no question that there is inflation and that inflation will impact the capital cost of some of the projects that we are doing. The point that we are making is that with a significant amount of the capital that we are putting in the ground. We have not committed to the price of product out of those facilities, especially, our blue hydrogen and green hydrogen projects. Therefore, in case inflation drives up the capital that automatically means that product out of those plants will be more expensive than we sell it. And therefore it -- so I'm not worried about losing the margins that we expected on those projects which is most of our investments. Then there is a significant amount of our projects are almost at the end. I mean, Jazan Phase 2 is fixed price because we are purchasing something we are not building. That is a significant amount of money that we are going to deploy and then projects like Gulf Coast Ammonia and some of the other projects are almost done. So what we are left is we have quoted a number publicly I think that approximately $3 billion of our projects are projects that we already have a fixed price contract with our customers. So if you take that $3 billion and you say that well inflation is going to cost you 10%. Yes, we might have to spend $300 million more on those projects and going by the rule of tonne that would be an effect on our bottom-line of about $30 million in terms of operating income. So that can happen. Obviously, the team at Air Products is very, very focused to minimize the effect of inflation. And also to go back to some of those customers and try to increase the price to get any compensation for that but that is order of magnitude the extent of our exposure John. 
Seifi Ghasemi: Well,thank you very much. I would like to thank everyone of you for listening to our presentation. And also thank you very much for your good questions. I would like to once again thank Simon for his outstanding contribution. And wish him well. He is obviously going to be with us for a few more calls as we go forward. And we look forward to talking to you sometime at the end of October or early November when we announce our results. And in the meantime have a safe, healthy and enjoyable summer. Thank you. 
