Simon R. Moore: Thank you, Lea. Good morning, and welcome to Air Products' third quarter earnings teleconference. This is Simon Moore. Today, our CFO, Paul Huck, and I will review our Q3 results and outlook for the remainder of 2012. We issued our earnings release this morning. It is available on our website along with the slides for this teleconference. Please go to airproducts.com to access the materials. Instructions for accessing the replay of this call beginning at 2 p.m. Eastern Time are also available on our website. Please turn to Slide 2. As always, today's teleconference will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions. Please review the information on these slides and at the end of today's earnings release explaining factors that may affect these expectations. Now I'll turn the call over to Paul for a review of our financials.
Simon R. Moore: Sure. So I think when we talk about pricing in Asia and China, it's actually a pretty good story. We saw good volume growth and we saw decent pricing in Asia. As we said, the volume growth perhaps not as great as we would've liked and would've expected. We've seen announced some of the China stimulus actions. We need those to translate into activity. And of course, in our Merchant segment, the volumes are affected by what's going on in electronics as well. So we continue to see some decent pricing in China and in Asia overall, and we'd expect that to continue.
Simon R. Moore: Yes. So Mike, good question. I think there, we were referring to Asia for packaged gases. Obviously, not having the U.S. business in Europe, packaged gases really being relatively weak. So that was primarily an Asia comment, and it's both on our, if you will, our base Packaged Gas business as well as strength in our marketable product line.
Simon R. Moore: Sure. And I think, as always, we talk mostly about the semiconductor market because as you remember, that's about 80% of our business. So we made a reference to PV, which is really quite weak right now. That's only about 5% of our business. TFT-LCD is fairly flat, not showing a lot of growth. That's only about 10% of our business. In the semiconductor, the external forecast that we see are forecasting a drop for our FY '12 of about 10% to 11%. So Q3 was better than Q2. It was worse than Q3 last year. We expect kind of the same story for Q4 that things will be better than they were in Q3 but worse than they were in Q4 last year. I think one of the key points though is, again, as we talked many times, is our strength. We're the industry leaders. Our electronics sales were up 1% through 3 quarters, while the industry was down, and as I've said, in the low double digits. Intel's CapEx continues to be up significantly over last year. TSMC's Q2 sales were up about 20%, stronger than the industry. Certainly, both those folks are commenting about maybe there's a little bit of weakness in Q4 and Q1. But, again, Intel, Samsung and TSMC, where we're the leading supplier, are going to spend the majority of the industry's CapEx in this year. So that helps us grow going forward.
Simon R. Moore: Yes, John. So just to be clear, what we said, our LOX/LIN volumes would've been up 3%, and that assumes 100% of Mexico. The oilfield services on a year-on-year basis were up pretty significantly. I think it was in the range of 20% to 30%. And, again, most of that was driven by the liquid nitrogen for oilfield services.
Simon R. Moore: Okay. Thanks, Lea. Please go to our website to access a replay of this call beginning at 2 p.m. today. Thank you for joining us, and have a great day.
Paul E. Huck: Thanks, Simon. Please turn to Slide 11. Now let me give you a brief summary of our outlook. As I mentioned earlier, we did not see the expected second half global economic recovery. We have also seen a stronger U.S. dollar than we forecast. Looking forward, we expect that economic growth will continue to be below our original expectations. While U.S. manufacturing has been an economic bright spot, recently, we have seen growth start to slow as consumer confidence remains low, job creation disappoints and concern grows regarding the potential fiscal cliff at the end of the calendar year. European problems continue, and we do not expect a return to growth any time soon. In Asia, we have not yet seen the impact of Chinese stimulus actions, and the rest of developing Asia continues to experience below-trend growth as exports to Europe and the U.S. are slow. Electronics growth should continue this quarter. Overall, for the year, we expect square inches of silicon processed to be down about 10%. On the positive side, our project development and contract signings continue to be very strong. A number of these orders are in China for gasification of coal. These projects are driven by the country's need for a cleaner domestic source of energy. We expect 2012 capital expenditures to be approximately $2.9 billion, including about $700 million for the Indura equity. This will be up about 40% over last year, excluding Indura. Our project backlog has stayed consistent, at about $2.8 billion, which will deliver future profitable growth. You can see an updated list of our major projects in the appendix, Slide #13. To help you with historical comparisons, Slide #15 in the appendix shows non-GAAP capital expenditures, which includes capital lease expenditures. This is on the same basis as our $2.9 billion guidance for 2012. Now let's turn to our fourth quarter outlook. Our guidance for quarter 4 is for earnings per share of $1.42 to $1.47 based on the following factors. On the positive side, we expect to see Merchant Gases volume improvement, particularly in Asia. Electronics should see sequential volume growth. We will see further benefits from the implementation of our cost-restructuring program, and the improved LNG backlog should increase equipment results next quarter. Partially offsetting this sequential improvement, the Indura acquisition is expected to be about $0.02 dilutive in quarter 4 as we will recognize the transaction costs and asset write-up. We expect the U.S. dollar will remain strong. We also will see higher power prices and lower cryogenic plant efficiencies due to high summer temperatures. Therefore, we expect our earnings per share to be between $5.40 and $5.45 for the fiscal year, up 1% to 2% versus last year. Our guidance for the full year is lower by about $0.11 per share, on average, for the last half of the fiscal year. This decline is due to a stronger dollar, which has lowered our earnings by about $0.06 from our expectations last quarter. The Indura acquisition will reduce earnings by $0.02. Slower economic growth has reduced our forecast by approximately $0.08. And costs, as a partial offset, are favorable by about $0.05. Now let me wrap up. While economic growth continued to disappoint and currency headwinds were greater than expected, we are pleased with the strong cost performance delivered this quarter. We also have taken several portfolio actions to improve our business in the future, including selling our Continental European Homecare business and the Indura and DA Nano acquisitions. As we look beyond next quarter, we have a number of significant opportunities. Both our U.S. and Asia Merchant Gases business have installed capacity to sell. When manufacturing picks up, we will have the capacity to serve it. We are on track on our European cost reductions, and our productivity efforts worldwide are delivering results. Our capital expenditures continue to increase, and we expect to announce more projects before the end of the year. And LNG project interest is at an all-time high, and we expect the LNG project backlog to continue to grow. 2012 has certainly offered its challenges. Our focus is on meeting these challenges and achieving our 2015 goals. Thank you, and now I'll turn the call over to Lea to take your questions.
Paul E. Huck: The growth in volumes, Jeff, was a couple of percent. We didn't have anything new come on in this quarter.
Paul E. Huck: If we look at for the fourth quarter, we think the hydrogen growth should pick up in this quarter, principally because the refinery should run hard with the driving season in the summer, we think. So, that ought to be a favorable impact. As far as for next year, as we look at it, we'll have more to say to that. But it should be for gross, probably in the mid to high single digits, Jeff. We'll have more to say about that in the 4Q.
Paul E. Huck: I think a good portion of that, Jim, goes with how people feel from a consumer standpoint. And so we have consumers in the U.S. and Europe and in China who right now, as we track these consumer confidence indices, which don't feel great. And so if -- and once we remove some of the uncertainty, which exists around the world, I think we'll see better pickups on those things. But for right now I think everyone is being cautious. They're waiting for the outcomes of the U.S. elections and policy decisions on things and to see how Europe resolves itself with those things. There's a little too much uncertainty in the world right now. All that said, I would not paint the economic situation as horrible. It is just slow for us.
Paul E. Huck: As far as being stable, I mean, it is not diving -- things are not diving down. We are still seeing decreases from a volume standpoint overall in certain countries, especially places like Spain, of 3% to 4% with those things. So it has been tough from -- on a volume standpoint in Europe for us. But we haven't seen that start to level off from an economic standpoint, and we're going to need that to happen sometime soon before we can return to some growth there in Europe.
Paul E. Huck: We would expect to start to see the volumes pick up in -- probably from the signings in this quarter, probably sometime toward the end of the first quarter, the beginning of quarter 2 of next year. It normally takes 6 to 9 months to bring our customers onstream with those things. Now, we have had momentum for a few quarters now, so we would expect to see volumes improve in quarter 4 in the U.S. with things. And to be honest with you, our volumes were pretty good in the U.S. x the supply constraints, which we had, and Simon mentioned, we had supply constraints in helium and argon. If we look at that overall, we think our underlying growth in the U.S. probably would have been about 3% to 4%, if those supply constraints weren't there. So you can look at that as an upside for us. If we can get out of the -- out from under the supply constraints, which is going to take us a while, it's going to take us some quarters to get past there. But there's some growth there for us to harvest.
Paul E. Huck: The impact on the P&L is not going to be great initially. We are going to have some more product which we can sell, and we have pretty much sold that. So we have people who are coming onstream as we look in our plannings for -- on signings on the pipeline. So that's going to happen over 2013. You're obviously going to see the depreciation of the pipeline coming in as a negative, but we'll also be able to run the pipeline better -- to run this, and not the pipeline, but to run the system better. That's going to take us some time to learn how to do that, but we think the efficiency gains on the system are going to be pretty good, because we'll be able to always run our most efficient plants and be able to cross volumes across the Louisiana system and the Gulf Coast system right now.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. So if you take a look at the things that happened from a restructuring benefit, as Simon said, we had about $0.01 per share benefit from the restructuring. So it was overall $0.10, which we got from costs. If you then -- and if you look at that remaining $0.09 a share, about half of that came from variable cost efficiencies. And so that's us running our plants better, our power, our -- the natural gas for hydrogen using less for that to make hydrogen, saving on diesel fuel, et cetera, and about -- and the other half of that comes from lower spending, principally on maintenance in the operations area.
Paul E. Huck: We -- yes. And I don't think we saw anything unusual about the $0.09 going forward here. And so we think that, that's going to continue. And we think we can build upon that.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. Well, if you look at them -- if I look at them overall, I would say about those 5, about half and half roughly. Then when you look at these things, half come onstream in the first quarter, the other half come onstream in the second quarter for us right now.
Paul E. Huck: It did, Mike, in 2012, so we did see that. And so the thing, which we haven't seen is -- we've actually seen areas, such as Europe, offload from us. But the new projects did contribute that. If we then take a look at 2013, we think we get a similar to maybe a slightly larger amount in 2013.
Paul E. Huck: It did, as the quarter came through. We think it's going to continue in the summer also, Mike. And it is weaker sequentially and weaker year-over-year.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. And John, I don't know if it's having as big a drag on margin as it's having on growth because the industry is tied in helium, the industry is tied in argon, in the U.S. particularly, is where we're talking about argon, and the discussion on helium go worldwide. But the prices of both have been up for us. So from a margin percent standpoint, there has been a drag. As I said, if you take a look at the U.S., we think that it probably cut back 3% to 4% on our growth within the U.S. in those 2 areas. And that's about a $1 billion-a-year business for us, so that's somewhere between $30 million and $40 million in sales. The contribution margins of those products are probably up in the 40% range for us, so you can see what the impact of that is for us.
Paul E. Huck: We have not seen that occur. And on the -- in the speech portion of this teleconference, one of the things that I talked about was that really the drive for gasification projects is to give them a clean source of energy in China, so it's really an infrastructure project and less tied to the economic growth of the country there.
Paul E. Huck: Europe, yes, on Tonnage. It wasn't on volume. It was on sales activity. It was on sales that Simon talked about.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. And so I can't give you some more -- the comments on that, Mark. And the comments will get better as we get the -- a good look at the write-up, which is going to happen. As you know, we have to have a third party take a look at our -- at the company and do the write-up. But as we look at the accretion dilution impacts for 2013 for Indura, we would expect that to be somewhere around $0.05 to $0.10 right now, depending upon what happens with the asset write-up for us.
Paul E. Huck: I think, as far as the maintenance expenses for this quarter, they were low. It's always hard to put a number around whether that was the right number or not. We had good performance. We expect good performance in quarter 4. We would expect the spending to kick up in quarters 1 and quarters 2, because they're normally higher as far as the expenditures are concerned on turnarounds. But the performance in that area was good, Mark. So I think, overall, we have had a good couple of quarters in a row now on the spending in that area.
Paul E. Huck: We have taken a look at that, Mike, and we think that shale gas -- actually, if the findings are large, which is still a question mark, and it's going to take a while to get there for China, but that it would first eat into the LNG sales into China. And that the gasification projects are really intended to get at the energy independence aspect of things, and that shale gas would replace LNG right now. That would be our view. So we don't see a lot of that curling back, trying to cut back on that. Now the gasification opportunity, we also think, is not going to always be there. We think there's a lot of development around that, because China has the coal. They want to use the coal. Gasification is a good way to use that coal. It makes it easier to transport the coal. It also makes it more environmentally sound. But we think that those gasification opportunities occur basically between now and 2020, and I don't know what happens after that. We'll see what -- and we'll see what things happen. But there's still a lot of those opportunities there going forward. They're putting in place the infrastructure to do that, so we feel sound that those projects are going to continue regardless of what happens to shale gas. Because shale gas actually is a play probably out in the late portion of the decade, which we're now in.
Paul E. Huck: We are not seeing a deceleration across the geographies of the trends right now. So Europe is -- has continued to move down, and we would expect that happening. Asia has started to move up, particularly in China. It's early to call that. We hope that, that continues. But we are optimistic about that, and that's a factor which I've called out in the guidance. The U.S. still is -- the forecast we have is for growth to be slow for us, but we do expect to see growth in the U.S. sequentially.
Paul E. Huck: So we did not repurchase any shares in this past quarter -- in quarter 3. We did, in quarter 2, repurchase $53 million as far as those -- as far as shares are concerned. Our diluted share count is like 214.7 million or so, I think, for us. And if we look at going forward, given Indura as we said last quarter, we would not expect to be in market and buying back shares.
Paul E. Huck: Alina, as far as we are concerned, there's probably not a lot of things, which I would call low-hanging fruit. I think we got them more back in the '90s to a great extent. But as far as changes are concerned, and we still see a lot of it, I believe, to make changes and to use and to run the system and gain efficiencies. And so a lot of that gets around trying to use the data we have in SAP and continuing to improve the tools we have to make our deliveries more efficient, to open up windows and things like that and operate better, both our plants and the distribution system itself, and also for better ways to serve and interact with our customers electronically. So we continue on this journey every day.
Paul E. Huck: The answer on that -- on the last question is yes, Don. And we do expect to get above that 20% target in this business here. With regard to the volumes, as I said before, I think we -- our growth would've been about 3% to 4% in this past quarter if we didn't have the supply constraints. So that's one of the things which we have to fix, that we have to get more access to more argon. We're taking steps to do that. We have to get access to more helium. We're taking steps to do that. It's not going to all happen in one quarter. It's going to something which is going to unfold over 2013 for us as we work those -- as we work our options there for us. With regard to the signings which we're seeing, we are also seeing a number of customers go away. And that's occurring for a couple of reasons: number one, lower power prices have moved some of our food business out, as people have chosen to go to mechanical freezing; number two, oilfield services has been slow in the Appalachia area. And principally there because of -- it's mainly dry gas, and the rigs have moved out of there and moved to the Bakken. We have seen a pickup in that area for those things, but they're still drilling and so they've got -- it's a while before some of the frac-ing will -- and will pick up out there. But we do have a new plant going on -- going out to serve the mid-Continent area, so we feel good that we're going to have some growth from that in the future. With regard to the other aspect of signings, growth overall within the U.S. has been slow from a process manufacturer's standpoint. Steel growth has been tempered. Petrochemical growth has been tempered and mainly because the new plants aren't onstream yet in those areas. And so as we look to the future, we think there's lots of opportunities for us. But we got to get the economy moving a little bit stronger.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. And they should have, Don. But as I've said, we have also seen business move away from that, and that's been the issue. There have been a number of people who have stopped using products or who have gone out of business for us and shut down.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. And the reason why is because of the way in which we're going to run the company. We're going to maintain an A bond rating. As we look at this, we don't have room to buy back stock and maintain the A bond rating for us. If we did, I would be in the market to do that. But we want to maintain the flexibility to operate. And we think that is best when -- at an A bond rating for ourselves.
Paul E. Huck: Our business within the U.S. is solid. Our margins are good. Our -- and as we look at the growth prospects, we're there and we feel good about that. So I would not see us trying to take any action within the U.S.
