Simon R. Moore: Thank you, April. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products fourth quarter 2018 earnings results teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. After our comments, we will be pleased to take your questions. Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our earnings release and on slide number 2. Now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.
Simon R. Moore: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to slide 21 for a review of our Gases EMEA results. Sales were up 8% primarily driven by a 7% higher energy pass-through mostly due to a significant increase in natural gas prices in India. Volumes contributed a positive 2% due to merchant growth as well as recent acquisitions. Higher merchant pricing added another 1%. Improved merchant markets lifted both price and volume in our packaged gases and liquid bulk businesses. As a reminder, the India plant was fully on stream in Q4 last year so there was no year-over-year benefit in Q4 this year. EBITDA declined 5% as unfavorable currency and higher cost negated the positive pricing effect and better equity affiliate performance in Italy. Power costs in Europe have risen sharply during the quarter and our team is working hard to recover these higher costs through pricing actions. EBITDA margin was 31.4%, a drop of 410 basis points. Excluding the impact of higher energy pass-through, EBITDA margin was down 180 basis points primarily due to the higher power costs. Sequentially, EBITDA margin was down but would have been nearly flat excluding the higher energy pass-through. Now, please turn to slide 22 for a brief comment on our Global Gases segment, which includes our air separation unit sale of equipment business as well as central industrial gas business costs. EBITDA was flat although sales were down due to lower project activity as we approach the conclusion of the Jazan ASU sale of equipment project. We continue to expect the Jazan ASU project on stream in phases in fiscal 2019. But we do expect the Jazan ASU overall to be a headwind for FY 2019 versus FY 2018. Now, please turn to slide 23 for a brief comment on our Corporate segment which includes our LNG business, our helium container business and our corporate costs. Sales increased modestly compared to prior year as we began to see renewed interest in LNG projects. Overall segment profit was up due to additional equipment sales and lower costs. We continue to be optimistic about the future prospects for the LNG business but only anticipate a modest earnings improvement in FY 2019. Now, I'm pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a discussion of our outlook.
Simon R. Moore: Seifi said before, the value creation of those acquisitions is much more about the ability to be in a better position for the big onsite projects than the specifics associated with the technology licensing revenues.
Simon R. Moore: Yeah. Just remember, of course, that we didn't have any year-over-year volume benefit from the big plant in India this quarter and the prior four quarters we did. So that slows the comparator down.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you, Simon. Our team around the world, all of us, continued to be very excited about Air Products future. Our safety, productivity and operating performance continue to provide the foundation for our continued growth. And our Five-Point Plan provides the framework to drive our success going forward. As I said before, we have the financial capacity, the opportunities and the team to successfully win key growth projects. There is no doubt that there is uncertainty in the world. I guess that's an understatement. And while we cannot predict or control worldwide political or economic developments, we do have control over the operational performance and growth of Air Products and we are confident we will continue to deliver on the commitments that we have made. Let me address what we are seeing relative to global trade relationships and tariffs. Very simply, we have not, and I stress, not seen any material impact on Air Products at this point. Our business is local so we don't have any direct exposure to import/export tariffs. Also, we have not seen customers changing their behavior or attitude toward us and we have not seen any impact on our major projects or interaction with customers in the different parts of the world. Now, please turn to slide number 24. We are all working hard every day to be the safest, most diverse, and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. Our guidance for fiscal year 2019 is for a range of $8.05 to $8.30. At midpoint, our guidance represents 10% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2018 performance. As I said, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitment to grow EPS by more than 10% per year on average in the future. For quarter one of fiscal year 2019, our earnings per share guidance is $1.85 to $1.90. At midpoint, up 5% over last year. But I would like to remind you that in quarter one of fiscal year 2018, there was an $0.08 benefit from a plant sale in Asia that will not repeat. Excluding this item, our quarter one guidance is up 10% versus prior year. We expect our capital expenditure to be in the range of $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion in fiscal year 2019. We expect the Jazan gasification power joint venture to close late in calendar 2019, so we have not included this in our fiscal 2019 CapEx forecast. You can also see we have about $7 billion of commitments including projects and M&A. This is up significantly as it now includes the Jazan, Yankuang, Juitai gasification projects. And then, please turn to slide number 25. As always, our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. That is what allows us to continue to generate our superior safety and operational performance. I want to thank all of our 15,000 people around the world for their total commitment and hard work and for embracing the opportunities in front of us with energy and a spirit of working together. And as I always say, I'm very proud to be part of this winning team. As you know, execution without strategy is aimless and our strategy without execution is worthless. Our Five-Point is our strategy. Our people's execution against this strategy in the years to come will ensure our continued success and value creation. Now, we are delighted to answer your questions.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, first of all, you are absolutely correct that the margins are – kind of the marginal contribution has been coming down. You mentioned the reasons very accurately in Americas which is a combination of a lot of things, hydrogen turnarounds, driver shortages, and a lot of other things that I can delineate for you. And in Europe, we have had a significant issue with power cost that we haven't been able to recover. We are working very hard and we are hoping that we would reverse these trends in 2019.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Overall, our utilization in Europe is still around 78%, 79%. In the U.S., it is approximately the same. In China, it obviously differs from different parts of China. There are part of China where our utilization is almost 90% and that is what is helping us to drive the prices up.
Seifollah Ghasemi: What, the main reasons – first of all, good morning, Bob. The main drivers for increasing our EBITDA significantly next year, and as you say, we are suggesting about 10%. But I mean that is actually more than that if you take away the effect of the tax thing. But fundamentally, the drivers are our growth projects that are coming onstream in China, in India, in the U.S. So – and then, we are hoping that there are some other projects that we haven't announced would materialize. And then in addition to that, we are hoping that the utilization rates will maybe improve slightly in China. I don't know about how it will work out in the U.S. because, as you know, manufacturing in the last six months in the U.S. has actually gone down. And so those are the factors. And then in addition, Bob, I have to say that I'm not that excited about our performance on cost last year, and I'm hoping that we will have additional productivity and cost improvement programs that would help deliver the results.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, Bob, first of all, the 1%, I'm sure you know that the 1% is over our total portfolio. So since half of our portfolio is onsites where we don't get any price increase, therefore, the price increase on our merchant side is really 2%. But as far as the future, because of the nature of our industry, I would hesitate to make any comment on that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, Jeff, I'm obviously very hesitant to make any comments about other people's business. But as I said during my comments, we do not expect any change in our strategy. We have said that publicly and I recently put out a memo to our own people. We had a strategy, we are executing that strategy and quite frankly, I do not see any change or any reason for change as a result of the merger because the merger hasn't really changed anything. It's just a little bit moving the pieces on the chessboard. So we do not – and in terms of opportunities, actually, we think that that might enhance opportunities for us because usually, there is a customer who was going to divide their business by four, giving each one of us 25%, now, they will divide it by three, and therefore, we will get more share and the other guys will get less share. So, we actually think that overall, as I said, no change in terms of what we do and if anything, it's slightly positive.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, on both of those things, we have an agreement with both Shell and GE not to disclose those numbers. I would have not minded disclosing them, but they don't want to do that. And in terms of what we paid for them, let's just say a general thing, that's approximately similar.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Absolutely. Because we bought the business for – and the Shell business, the acquisition of that has given us significant advantage in knowing the future projects that might happen. So, that has been a very successful thing, and I'm very happy that we've been able to reach an agreement with GE. It took a very long time. But they have an excellent technology, it's the former Texaco technology. I'm very familiar with that. I was trying to promote that in the 1990s with Foster Wheeler to try to get BOC in that business, but that didn't happen. So, I'm very pleased that we were able to acquire that. Thank you, Jeff.
Seifollah Ghasemi: First of all, good morning, John. And secondly, it almost doubles because GE and Shell technologies are approximately equal weight in terms of what is being used. And therefore, it literally doubles the exposure that we have and our ability to promote that technology. And obviously, if we have the technology for a gasifier, our chances of building and owning and operating that gasifier significantly increases.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Sure, John. And John, first of all, Eastman coal gasification project, it is more than replacement. It is actually – there is some additional volumes that they will need. But that will contribute to our earnings about two years from now once – after we have built the plant. And in terms of the other things, we also announced Juitai, which is a big project about $600 million investment and that is going to come on stream on 2021.
Seifollah Ghasemi: The principal applications on that is in coal and natural gas gasification. They have an excellent technology for that. And the technology is related to the quality of the coal, the ash content of the coal whether you use a slurry system and all that. And that is why we were keen to have both Shell and GE because then we can tailor make it to the specific situation that the customers have.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Second thing is that when you look at the GE technology, GE technology has been chosen actually for some very big projects in India. Some of it has been publicly announced. So that, I think, is giving us an opportunity. And then obviously, we are looking forward to deploying some of these for projects in the U.S., absolutely.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that our teams are obviously optimistic but they are in no position to predict what happens to Brexit or what happens to the elections tonight in the U.S. So we are at the mercy of industrial production. GDP really doesn't mean very much to our business because it includes financial activity and people going out to dinner. We are focused on industrial production and that we have given you the guidance on the basis of – they have been a little bit conservative. We don't see significant improvements. So now, if for some magic reason things significantly improve, we'll benefit from that but we have been on the cautious side.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, just think of a situation, if there are 10 projects and half of them are using Shell and half of them are using GE, by owning the GE technology, now we have an opportunity to participate in all 10 rather than 5 of them. So, it is complementary, and it does expand our scope. It's actually a very positive thing, Mike.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Can I just add? But that is for the air separation unit part. That means basically, we are saying that you are not going to see a lot of – actually, you're going to see a headwind from the air separation part in 2019. But the gasifier part is the big part and that one is going to be a significant contribution in 2020 after we close it in 2019.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Okay. We see significant opportunities still in the U.S. Some of these projects were delayed but there are other projects in the U.S., whether they are methanol projects, whether they are ammonia projects and all of that. We are obviously involved in all of them and I hope they materialize because as you know, our preference, if the opportunities exist, that we would invest all of our $15 billion in the US. I mean that goes without saying, this is the place – our home base and this is where we want to invest. So we see still opportunities in the U.S. Then there are significant, and I mean significant opportunities in China. They are – there's more projects than we can handle quite honestly right now. There is – starting to have significant opportunities in India because of the change in the law that they had about coal ownership. So a lot of people are participating in that and there was a big announcement about the fertilizer project which is gasification in India and all of that. So we're seeing that. In Saudi Arabia, you have seen the opportunities and we believe that there will be opportunities in other parts of the world. I don't want to be that specific but the pipeline is pretty robust and with us being on top of both technologies which are the key technologies being used, I think we should have a competitive advantage. Obviously, time will tell and the results will back up what we are claiming, but we remain very optimistic.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Most of these companies that are doing this are state-owned anyway. So, they are 100% owned by the government. Therefore, as they invest, they obviously have the support of the government.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yes, we expect that. I think that the industry has not acted because they are hoping that they would get some help from the White House and delay the implementation. But I don't know where that will go. But in Europe, people are pretty serious about implementing in that in the rest of the world. And we will, in time, see significant demand but, as I said, it hasn't really happened in the U.S. right now. It will take about three years before this thing – any new plan comes onstream. And I think most of the people here are thinking that at the end of the day, this will become like the auto emission thing. They wait until the last minute, nobody does anything and then we kind of say, okay, we delay it another four or five years. That's what the industry is hoping but I have no insight in terms of what the administration will do.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Exactly. So it's the effect of the plant in India coming onstream. So we haven't really seen any slowdown in that respect. In terms of industrial production, Don, I mean you are more of an expert on this than any one of us here. I mean, we can't predict what's going to happen tomorrow. So you can ask me, I mean, what I can answer is that in terms of our guidance, the way we have come up with the guidance is that we have assumed that there will be no significant uptick, but at the same time, no significant downtick. So we are expecting or we are giving you our guidance based on the fact that things will stay about the same. So if there is any significant change up or down, then obviously we'll be affected by that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, we theoretically have the ability and I always every day challenge our people to use that ability and the contractual ability to increase the prices. But it obviously depends on what our competitors do. But those are the challenges that we have to face in 2019. And the way we have given you the guidance is that we have assumed that we will overcome those challenges.
Seifollah Ghasemi: The existing ones, I think we are by far the most major supplier in terms of sale of gas, yes. But a lot of these projects that I'm talking about in the future obviously they haven't been built. But...
Seifollah Ghasemi: Great questions. First of all, your first question. Yes, it does mean that we are going to spend more on R&D. That is one of the reasons that you see a negative costing in 2018 performance. That's very true and we are committed to make sure that we provide the support for these technologies to improve forward. The other thing is that we are now, in China, a partner with Shenhua. That means that the way we bought this thing, we bought all the rights to the GE gasifiers outside China, it's all 100% ours. And in China, we are partner with Shenhua which is now called, China Energy Corporation. So, we are their partners.
Seifollah Ghasemi: It does significantly help because hopefully, they will bond to those new gasifiers and all of that and now, we are – I mean China Energy Corporation is one of the largest companies in the world. They are operating about, I think, at least 10 gasifiers in China, most of them do use GE technology, and they have plans for the future. So, we are very, very honored and happy to be a partner with the China Energy Corporation, former Shenhua.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, Mike, it's a very good question. Obviously, power costs are going to go up in Europe because I mean, you pay a price if you want clean energy and you don't want to use a nuclear power plants. Therefore, the cost of renewable energy and all of that is higher. The issue that they have with this power cost and all of that is that when they happen we have a program we understand how to increase prices to recover that which is not easy, but there is a delay factor. So, when it happens in a quarter, we are not going to instantly be able to recover that in the same quarter. So, usually we have an impact on the quarter and then one or two quarters later on, we have increased the prices and we recover that. So, there is a little bit of a phasing here.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, again, I mean, what do you want me to say? In terms of competitors, we consider we have two competitors. The rest of them are companies. We don't consider them competitors.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, first of all, with respect to the first question that you had, let me put this thing in context because we are very careful about how we talk about these things. When we talk about M&A, that includes buying a company or it includes the captivation, so we expect that. The second thing is that in terms of spending money, for example, Juitai, we signed the contract last year $600 million. We are going to spend capital on building that plant obviously tomorrow and some other projects that they have won. So, that is why our capital expenditure for next year, we are giving you a guidance of $2 billion to $2.5 billion which is almost $1 billion more than this year, which is spending money on the projects we have won so that they come on stream in 2020 and 2021.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that we said that half of our growth – I mean we have specifically said that Lu'An contributed $0.04 to our bottom line. So, that's about $12 million approximately.
Seifollah Ghasemi: And then merchant growth is basically – then we had some other projects coming on stream in addition to Lu'An. And then the merchant volume was about maybe 40% of the increase.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, with that, I would like to thank everybody for being on the call. Thanks for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We do appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day. Have a nice holidays and all the best. Thank you.
Michael Scott Crocco: So, yes. Thanks for the question. So, in terms of Jazan, two parts, there's the SOE that we've been doing over the last couple of years. That's – as Seifi mentioned I think in the prepared remarks, that's wrapping up here in the next year. And so, you'll see that as a headwind and again, I think Seifi addressed that earlier. Then, our 25% that we own for the long-term supply contract is going to be an equity affiliate, and it's going to be a very, very small contribution. So, not much in there going forward from that portion of the Jazan opportunity.
Michael Scott Crocco: Well, we don't give out all the specifics. I think though Seifi in his comments talked about the new on streams, the full year impact, as well as new things coming on stream, and hopefully favorable volume growth and pricing, so forth. Let me add a couple of things. Tax as well as currency. So we see, as I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, 20% effective tax rate book for next year, which would translate into about a $0.10 headwind. And it's really driven by the absence of some favorable things, some favorable tax audit settlements we had in this year. So, that's part of the bridge into 2019. The other is currency and we see somewhere on the order of about a $0.10 to $0.15 headwind on currency. And just recall the way that we look at this, we just take the last data points on currency and then just move that sideways through the year as opposed to try to project where rates are going to go. Let me give you, so everybody can have their own view where currency is going to go and again our view is at this point in time it's about $0.10 to $0.15. Let me give you the rules of thumb that you can apply to whatever your own assumptions are. So if we move the RMB by 10% and as always, I want to remind folks this is just mathematics, right? It's just translation. There's no transaction in there. So, if you move the RMB by 10% that translates into about a $0.12 change for the year. The euro same 10% swing and in exchange would be about $0.09. And then there's a handful of other ones that each of which are about $0.03 to $0.04 that includes the pound and the Korean won, Taiwanese dollar and the Canadian dollar. So, each of those individually if the exchange moves about 10% to be $0.03 to $0.04 on an annual basis and what I've just given there plus the U.S. sales is about 90% of our sales. So, hopefully that's helpful. So, you can put it in your models.
Michael Scott Crocco: Just to clarify one thing we did say the Jazan gasifier project is not included in our capital guidance. As Seifi said, we expect that to close late in 2019.And just one more point to make too is that on one of the slides, we're showing the remaining capital to spend on our commitments and the other one we're showing the total amount. So, I think that's the difference that you're talking about there.
