Simon R. Moore: Thank you, Cathy. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products' third quarter 2017 earnings results teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. And I'm pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President & CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Corning Painter, Air Products' Executive Vice President, responsible for Industrial Gases. After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions. Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure on page 2 of the slides and in today's earnings release. Now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.
Simon R. Moore: Thank you, Corning. Please turn to slide 24, our Corporate segment includes our LNG business, our helium container business and our corporate costs. Sales and profits were down versus last year, as expected, on continued significantly lower LNG project activity. We were pleased to announce earlier this week a new project with TP JGC Coral France to provide our technology and heat exchanger equipment for the Coral South Floating LNG project to be located in the Indian Ocean, offshore Mozambique. However, we had anticipated this win, so still expect about a $0.30 headwind in LNG for FY 2017 versus FY 2016. We still have not yet seen other LNG customers moving forward with their investment decisions. We did see a positive impact from the TSAs with Evonik and Versum. Now please turn to slide 25 and I'll turn the call back over to Seifi for a discussion of our outlook.
Simon R. Moore: Sure. I think, Laurence was asking about the amount of the backlog we expect to come on in 2018. I think, Laurence, as usual, it's hard to know exactly when these projects are going to come onstream, so I think we'll give you more clarity on 2018 when we get to October.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you, again, Simon. Before we take your questions, I would like to make a few comments about our outlook. Having delivered on our promises from three years ago, we can now build on our success. We have significant opportunities to invest our cash to grow Air Products and create value for our shareholders. Our safety and operating performance continues to be strong. We continue to take action to deliver our $100 million of operational improvements this year and are focused on additional actions to offset the stranded costs from the separation of MT business. We remain committed and confident on our ability to deliver on our cost savings and our commitment to grow EPS by 10% each year. Our portfolio actions and the strong cash flow generation of our company provide us with almost $8 billion of capacity to invest over the next three years. We are committed to staying disciplined and won't invest our money unless we are confident the risk/return profile will create significant value for our shareholders. And as I said, I am now, more than ever, very confident that we will have the opportunity to fully utilize our balance sheet by investing in exciting opportunities in M&A, asset buybacks, and large industrial projects. Now, please turn to the slide number 25. With confidence in our ability to perform, we are raising our guidance for fiscal 2017. Our increased guidance of $6.20 to $6.25 is up $0.10 from last quarter at midpoint, and it represent 10% EPS growth over 2016. And our guidance for the fourth quarter the fiscal year EPS is $1.65 to $1.75 (sic) [$1.70] per share, which at midpoint is 12% up versus last year. I want to thank once again the great team of hardworking, dedicated, talented, and motivated employees that remain focused on being the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. I am very proud to be a member of this winning team. Now, we are delighted to answer your questions.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Emily, first of all, good morning. The increase in our guidance is due to our confidence in the performance of our business in terms of volumes, especially in China. As Corning mentioned, we had a very good performance in Asia, better than we expected, and that is why we are – that's the principal reason we are increasing our guidance.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Good morning, Bob. Obviously, if I say that, that means that we are seeing more projects that we can work on. And as time goes by, we see more projects that we can work on. So, I'm sure you'll bear with me to kind of stay general, but we have always said that we see a lot of opportunities, but as we engage with customers and prospective customers, we are becoming more confident that we can actually do these things.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Hi, Bob. That's an excellent question. I have always been very optimistic about the performance of Air Products. The other comments that I made about the general consensus in the economy, I don't need to make any comments about that because now you see that as the headline of the paper. So, I don't want to be stating the obvious about what is going on in the U.S., its policies and the geopolitical condition. So we didn't feel it was necessary for us to stress that. As I said, you see that in the news.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I said several times during the call that we promised everybody four years ago that we will hit 10% EBITDA growth over the long term. We are still committed to that. And if the geopolitical conditions and the economic conditions become tougher, then we need to take actions in order to deliver the number. The 10% is non-negotiable. We are very committed to that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, P.J., thank you very much for asking the question, but there is a famous saying that the best time to buy is when things are not going well. So actually, the conditions are actually very favorable in buying things in the Middle East right now because of the oil prices being down. So I kind of actually see that as a favorable sign rather than a negative sign.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that the HyCO projects that we are focused on are – significant part of that is related to coal gasification, and the outlook for that is very positive. In terms of HyCO projects for other projects, there are not that many new projects, but as you know, we are focused on asset buybacks and we see opportunities there.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, in the U.S. Gulf Coast, there was a lot of excitement about a lot of new projects, but then the oil prices came down, although gas prices are down, a lot of those projects they're put on hold. And you know that better than anybody else. I mean you're very knowledgeable about what everybody was trying to do. So we are in the Gulf Coast, we will participate. Obviously, you saw that project that we just announced in Geismar and there are other projects that we are working on, but I'm not as optimistic there as I am in other parts of the world.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, John, first of all, thank you for your comment. I do appreciate that. We have always thought very strongly that looking at distributable cash is the right way to look at the valuation of industrial gases, and we are very pleased to see that others are following that. In terms of how they present their numbers and how we present, I quite honestly don't want to be making comments about what our competitors' financials are; I don't think that would be appropriate. We are very committed to the way we present the numbers and our numbers are very clear, detailed analysis and reflective of what we need to do to maintain our current EBITDA. That is the definition of maintenance CapEx that we have. That if everything stops, how much money do we need to invest in order to replace the assets that we have in order to maintain our current EBITDA. And that is our definition of maintenance CapEx.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yeah. Steve, our sale of equipment is not included in our backlog. We do not put that in our backlog. Our backlog is only sale of gas that would generate revenues for the longer term. Sale of equipment is a one-time thing, we don't consider that backlog. So...
Seifollah Ghasemi: Our preference for sure, 100%, is sale of gas. We are not an equipment company to make money on sale of equipment. But considering the capabilities that we have, in order to maintain a relationship with the customer, if they insist on a sale of equipment, we do once in a while do that. But our focus and our preference has always been sale of gas, because that is our business.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, there was a tightening of the market and there is additional capacity required, and what made sense was that rather than us building another 300 or 400 ton-a-day plant to meet the requirements, it made sense to build a 1,200 ton-a-day plant, which is a lot more efficient, and at the end of the day, it's good for the customers because our cost base for both companies is lower and, therefore, the customers benefit. So that is actually a good thing for our customers and it also creates opportunity to produce the gas at a lower cost.
Seifollah Ghasemi: As I've told you, we are not focused on equipment sales, we don't consider that to be a significant part of our business, and I don't think you should expect too much on that. That is not what drives our business, that's not what we are focused. We are not like some other industrial gases business, where half of their business is equipment sale. That is not – that has never been our focus and it will not be. We are – that's not a big deal for us.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We have tried to make sure that we do give you that visibility, because when we report Gases Americas or Gases Europe or Gases Asia, it doesn't have equipment sales in it because that is – it's all in Global Gases.
Seifollah Ghasemi: But there is a difference that we need to kind of make sure that the investors understand. One thing is sale of equipment in terms of selling an air separation unit. The other thing is that when we deal with, specifically, with our electronic customers. The electronic customer sometimes require equipment which is related to the delivery of gas and purifying of the gas. That we do do for our customers, we do that for our electronic customers, and that specific area did contribute some to our Asian results. But your question was equipment sales on the major air separation units, and I said we are not focused on that. But for some of our electronic customers, as a matter of necessity, when we build them a nitrogen generator – high-purity nitrogen generator, there are equipment related to the delivery of that to the customer, we do provide those equipment, and those are in the category of equipment sale, but they are not air separation units.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, obviously in that business, which was such a lumpy business, it's difficult to predict, but right now, if you wanted to be pessimistic, there might be another $0.04 or $0.05 hit to us in 2018 because of LNG.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yeah, I mentioned that in my opening remarks, in the other question that out of that, as Corning said, about 10% is equipment that we do for electronic customers, the other 10%, half of it is new project startups and half of it is organic growth.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Okay. At this time, then, I would like to – since there are no other questions, I would like to thank everybody for being on the call. Thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day and those of you who are in the Northern Hemisphere, have a great summer. Take care. Thank you.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So, I'd just like to stress that on a real pricing basis, we see positive pricing. So, the mix impact is fairly powerful for us right now and there's two things behind that. So, on a product basis, we're selling a lot of CO2 right now, a year ago we had some production issues. It's the summer season, there's a lot going. CO2 is just a lower priced product and it's going to bring down that number. But the fact that I'm able to sell more is really a good thing for us. The other thing that's playing out in the mix effect is just larger customers taking more product. We can deliver the product to large customers more efficiently, they command and get better pricing. So, that hits as well. In terms of overcoming all that and still hitting the power, I'd say we're about 50% through, recovering what we were aiming for, and I remain confident that we're going to follow on on this and we will get that back.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah, I think also going to where Seifi was just saying, I think the aggregation, when you do that, you lose a lot of color of what's really happening, especially on a business that is so local. So maybe just to peel back the onion one step further, we showed flat pricing in the Americas. In truth, underlying that, we had actually positive pricing in North America, negative pricing in Latin America and that kind of offset, just to give you a sense of – a little more color.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. I would say North America was broad based for us and, by definition, being broad based, not like one particular thing or another. I'd say just hard work in sales activity across the board.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah, so I think we're not going for specific details on it, I'd say maybe just give a little bit of color for what we experienced in this quarter. There's a little bit more around some large air separation units that we worked on and they tend to have, in some ways, a broader impact, because there's product dislocation and making up the argon and that sort of thing. But that was the nature of a certain amount of the costs for North America this quarter.
Corning F. Painter: Thank you, Seifi. Yeah. So, for sure, right now, China is the strongest economy for us in Asia, that's where I think we see most of the positive momentum in terms of strong volume growth, pricing, and so forth. Within China, as Seifi mentioned, we've broken the line to just north of 80% on our loading. I'd like to point out, that is our loading. That is not industry loading. And I would put industry loading, my estimate more in, let's say, the 60% sort of range. I would say a key thing about understanding our loading, not only is it now hitting the 80%, it is 80% with much higher retail sales than we had before, year-on-year, up like 5%, 500 basis points in terms of the proportion of the business that's retail. That helps us with pricing, that helps us with just the quality of the underlying basis. I think the other thing just to keep in mind in China, we know a sort of tailwind we have before us right now is the government getting serious about reform in the steel industry, and that has the potential to take captive capacity off the market. And to be honest with you, that's a positive for us as well right now.
Corning F. Painter: So, maybe just one clarification to that. When we have, in this case, some gas handling equipment that is in the Asia segment, I don't think we're going to go into the exact quantification because it's a small group of customers and so forth. I will say it was a positive impact on our margins. But the nature of this was not something that's going to repeat every day. As Seifi says, I wouldn't be expecting that going forward.
Corning F. Painter: Understood, understood. So I think the main energy is around Asia, that's where we had the biggest impact on it. And if you're looking at that 20% we had, about half of that was the equipment, the other half was on our gas side, and I'd say roughly 50/50 on that in terms of volume between new projects and just organic merchant growth.
