Sidd Manjeshwar: Thank you, Katie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products’ first quarter 2023 earnings results teleconference. This is Sidd Manjeshwar, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. I am pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Dr. Samir Serhan, our Chief Operating Officer; Melissa Schaeffer, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Sean Major, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; and Simon Moore, our Vice President of Investor Relations, Corporate Relations and Sustainability. As previously announced, he will be retiring at the end of March. After our comments, we will be pleased to take your questions. Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our Website at airproducts.com. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our earnings release and on Slide #2. In addition, throughout today’s discussion, we will refer to various financial measures. Unless we specifically state otherwise, when we refer to earnings per share, operating income, operating margin, EBITDA, EBITDA margin, the effective tax rate and ROCE both on a total company and segment basis, we are referring to our adjusted non-GAAP financial measures, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, adjusted effective tax rate and adjusted return on capital employed. Reconciliations of these measures to our most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found on our Website in the relevant earnings release section. Now, I am pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.
Sidd Manjeshwar: Thank you, Seifi. Now please turn to Slide 22. As the chart shows, power costs for Europe moderated sequentially this quarter, but are still at a historically elevated level. Our commercial team has executed significant price actions to compensate to these costs in our merchant business and their hard work has paid off. Although we have fully recovered the higher power costs for the quarter, we are keeping a close eye on the dynamic power market in this region. As a reminder, power costs in our merchant business is the primary focus when managing the escalating energy costs in Europe. Our on-site business has contractual pass-through, which enables us to pass energy cost to our customers and almost all our national gas usage is for on-site hydrogen production. Now please turn to Slide 23 for a review of our Europe results. Successful price actions, we have worked hard to implement the last few quarters, drove the significant improvement in Europe's results. Compared to prior year, price increased 14% for the regions corresponding to a 24% improvement in merchant pricing. Volume declined6%, reflecting challenging conditions in the region. Demand for our hydrogen was weaker as customers continued to optimize their own hydrogen operations. Our merchant business was lower, partly due to the divestment of our business in Russia. Energy cost pass-through was up 9% due to higher natural gas costs although it had no impact in profit. Operating income jumped nearly 50%, while EBITDA was up almost 30%, primarily due to strong price. Although unfavorable currencies reduced operating income and EBITDA, each by more than 10%. Price primarily drove the more than 400 basis point EBITDA margin increase. This was net of the higher energy cost pass-through, which lowered the margin by about 200 basis points. Compared to the prior quarter, volume was unfavorable due to vehicle merchant this quarter and a favorable contract amendment in the prior quarter. Now I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Serhan, for a discussion of our other segments.
Sidd Manjeshwar: Thank you very much and [indiscernible], I would like to joint everyone for joining our call today. We appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. As I said earlier, please stay safe and healthy and all the best to all of you. Thank you.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Dr. Serhan. Now please turn to Slide #27. The outlook for the global economy remains uncertain. However, we remain confident in Air Products and the prospects that we have in the future and the stability of our business which is supported by our robust capital deployment strategy as you have seen. Therefore, for fiscal year 2023, we have left our guidance unchanged despite the significant uncertainties that exists in the world. For the second quarter of fiscal year '23, which is usually our weakest quarter. Our earnings per share guidance is $2.50 to $2.70, up 7% to 15% over last year. We still see our CapEx at $5 billion to $5.5 billion for the year, including the approximately $1 billion for the completion of the Jazan project that we just talked about. Now please turn to Slide #28. We include this slide in all our earnings call presentations. It describes very clearly my view that an enterprise can only be successful for the long-term when the people in the enterprise are motivated and committed to emission. At Air Products, our [indiscernible], our mission as a company is to bring people together so that they can collaborate and innovate solutions to the world's most significant energy, environmental and sustainability challenges. We continue to build a diverse and inclusive culture that are more than 21,000 people feel they belong and matter and are motivated to achieve our goals. I believe Air Products is uniquely positioned to help the Board transition to a cleaner and better future, and we are putting our efforts toward that each and every day. Now we are very pleased to answer your questions. Operator, we are ready for questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you very much, Chris. Right now, obviously, it's very difficult under the current circumstances to predict what is going to happen in the next few quarters. But we feel very confident about our own operations and about our ability to keep our plants running and service our customers. And as I look around the world, we obviously saw the Chinese economy a little bit weaker in the first quarter than we expected. Right now, my view on the Chinese economy is -- we have to wait and see how it comes out after the Chinese New Year. We don't expect any kind of disaster or any bad news, but it's just a question of the rate of improvement how would that be? We are very well-positioned there. We have taken action to increase prices and most important, as I said, we are benefiting from the fact that we have 20, 25 smaller projects that we usually don't announce, but they are standard industrial gas projects, they are coming on stream, and they are contributing. So we feel that we will be able to deliver on Asia in general. In Europe, the economy again, was weaker than we expected in the first quarter. But right now, energy prices seem to have a stabilized. Power prices have stabilized, natural gas prices have not yet. But overall, we think that we should be okay in Europe. And in the U.S., you saw our actions in respect to pricing last quarter, we got overall,7% -- overall for the whole company, we've got 7%. But in the U.S., we got almost 14% price increase, which translates to almost 19% -- 20% price increase on the merchant side. Latin America is always very big, so we don't talk about it too much. So overall, we feel pretty confident that we should be able to deliver forecast that we have given you for the year.
Seifi Ghasemi: Hi, Chris. That's a very, very good question. I don't want to comment too much about the IRA benefits because the law is that everybody can read that. But the opportunities for Air Products that we will definitely follow-through is, number one, we did put carbon capture on our existing facilities. There is two benefits on that: Number one, we reduced our CO2 emissions; and number two, that gives us an opportunity to have a lower carbon hydrogen that we can sell at higher prices. We will definitely do that. Then we are benefiting from the IRA [indiscernible] before the IRA, which was the project that we had announced before the IRA, which was the project in Louisiana. We did that project with the economic space, no IRA benefit on $85 for CO2 capture. We've been accounting on about $50. So that additional $35 enhances the returns on that project. And then we will do significant amount of green projects in the United States. We did announce the project in Northern Texas and we definitely are working on other mega projects to produce green hydrogen in the United States. The IRA credits for $3 for green hydrogen production. First, the fact that if you make an integrated facility, you also get credit for the renewable power that you generate makes it very attractive to make these investments in the U.S. We are extremely well-positioned with our pipeline in the Gulf Coast and with our know-how and with our distribution capabilities to do things that other people cannot do because anybody who can already take advantage of the credit if you can do something with the hydrogen. I mean people can run around and say, okay, I'm going to build a plant to produce green electricity and produce hydrogen. But then what do you do with the hydrogen. Air Products is one of the very few companies who knows what to do with the hydrogen, the other hydrogen company. Therefore, we are in a very unique position to take full advantage of the IRA registration. We are very pleased with that. That was a very significant step forward in the United States. And then the very good news for us is that, that has prompted other countries to take action. And I think yesterday or the day before that, you saw an announcement from the European Union that they are going to have a program of about €280 billion to promote the same kind of things which would, obviously, be very good for us because we are a global company.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, it depends on what you would have negotiated with our partners. I don't expect it to have been significantly different. But because -- I mean, you talked about additional capital cost, but as I said, a lot of the operating costs is being capitalized. So that necessarily doesn't affect the return on the project. But again, I just don't -- I have two other partners, and I respect them. I don't want to disclose their financials there. But as I said, [indiscernible] from a product point of view, you need to look at the total supply chain.
Seifi Ghasemi: John, it has obviously improved because I'm putting less cash on the production side. So we are bit off. And as long as the price of ammonia is the same. So we have made an improvement. We have another $1 billion that we were going to invest to do other things.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I mean, I can't comment on their strategy of Exxon and what they're going to do. But this is a competitive Board. If Exxon decides that they want to get into their merchant ammonia business and make blue ammonia to sell, then we will have an extra -- an additional competitor. Hydrogen that they are going to produce a significant amount of that from what I understand is going to be used to replace the natural gas that they are using because the whole purpose of the project is to reduce their carbon emissions. So if they do that, now are they going to make so much hydrogen have extra amount to do merchant. I don't know, I don't have any visibility on that and all of that. That to them to do what they want to do. We would have [technical difficulty] you know what we are doing and as I said, I'm sure other people will get attracted to these projects. But it's one thing talking about these things is actually doing the details they just announced they're doing a fee. They have to wait until they do the fee, then they add their costs and then they find out what the total cost is and all of that. But it's a target up to them. They decided to do it themselves, which is fine.
Seifi Ghasemi: At this point I can say that we had an off contingency there. And we have done enough work that I think that’s a pretty good number. But nothing just 100%, but I feel pretty good about that number at this stage.
Seifi Ghasemi: [Indiscernible] underlying, who is in charge of our -- all of our engineering and all of that. But I think [indiscernible] pretty comfortable that, that is a good number. We spend a lot of time making sure that when we are doing project financing that we don't have to go back for additional financing, but we feel pretty good about the number at this stage. Besides the engineering, we haven't add the page made the major orders on the project. So basically, that's also much then for like and even for construction for the green element that's also being replaced.
Seifi Ghasemi: For the cash income from the project itself, obviously the project will have a cash flow that we'll go to servicing the debt and if there is any extra of that, which I hope there is, that will come back to the shareholders. That's the major structure [ph].
Seifi Ghasemi: Kevin, quite honestly, that's a very good question, [indiscernible], good morning. Should -- I did think this is a good opportunity for me to make a comment. At other times, people think that at Air Products, the only thing we do is make our project. We have our base business, and we are making good progress in our base business. We are getting our share of all of these small products. We don't announce it every time we have a $50 million nitrogen generator, but these things do add up. We had about 25 of them [indiscernible] on the stream in Asia. What they are doing is that they are helping us to deliver the volume increases despite the fact that you know that economic activity in China was almost -- it has gone from 6%, 7% back to about 2%, 3%. So we are getting the benefit of that. And these things will help us in the future to make up for any weakness and therefore, continue to help us to deliver good results for that region despite the fact that China might be flat or slowing down. So these are the good things. They are going to contribute, and we are very excited about it.
Seifi Ghasemi: Good morning, Jeff. We're saying that we had a net present value which was the discounting of all of the cash flows that we expect in the few years and now with the project financing is that higher or lower, I think it should be about the same or even better because we are doing project financing, Jeff.
Seifi Ghasemi: Jeff, that's a very good question. We have disclosed publicly that, that project will produce about 1,850 ton a day approximately of partnership. That project is literally next to our pipeline. So we are assessing how much of that we can put to the pipeline and sell because 1,850 tons of hydrogen is not that huge compared to the total sale of hydrogen that we have on our pipeline because our pipeline over there can do significantly more than that, significantly more than that. Therefore, one scenario is that all of the customers on the pipeline due to environmental regulations or the registration develops and so on decide hey I want blue hydrogen. Then we can just [indiscernible] out of the hydrogen into the pipeline. Then it is possible that not all of them would convert. Some of them would say, no, I was still okay, with gray hydrogen. Then we did have excess hydrogen to put and make it into ammonia. Therefore, what we are doing is that in terms of the actual building of the plant, we are building the plant to have ammonia facility that means you can build the ammonia plants. And then we will have ultimate capacity to an ultimate flexibility to use as much of the hydrogen in the pipeline and whatever we can use, we make into ammonia. There are ammonia plants themselves, Jeff, in the context of the overall. Don't cause that much. The ammonia plant, once you have the infrastructure, putting a 1.2 million ton ammonia plant by itself is only $250 million. So we are not going to lose anything significant by having basically cycle spare capacity. And then the other thing is, obviously, how the demand for blue ammonia developed as we go forward in the next few years. So we are building a plan to give us the flexibility, and this is the beauty of the situation that Air Products has that nobody else has. Is that we can make through hydrogen, and we have total flexibility, but that we can send it as hydrogen or we can sell it as ammonia. Because of the unique situation because we have the pipeline. And as a result of that, I think we can maximize the profitability of that better than anybody else then possibly can.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you. P.J. Obviously, that will be the case because if you are building a plant and we are going to get $3 for the green hydrogen. And as I said, that $3 is actually more because if you build an integrated facility once we are doing, that means that the wind and the solar is part of the project. You also get a benefit for the wind and solar. So the total I think translated to per kilogram of hydrogen is more than $3. So we obviously -- when we do projects, we expect that we turn if you are getting the subsidy that improves the returns. So we will pass-through some of that to the customer and we will achieve the goal of the government, which is the goal fundamentally the price of hydrogen so that people can convert. That is exactly the goal, and that is exactly what we have P.J.
Seifi Ghasemi: I don't think you're missing anything. Your logic is very correct. The only thing is that when we make guidance, we have to kind of be cautious to make sure that we deliver it. The part that we are very concerned about, and we don't have any visibility is what is going to happen in the Chinese and European economy. I don't know how the Chinese economy is going to come out of the New Year holiday. And we don't have much visibility currency and how energy prices are going to develop in Europe. That is why we are a little bit cautious, and you are very correct to kind of say, maybe you're being conservative, maybe you are, but we just wanted to make sure that we don't get ahead of ourselves.
Seifi Ghasemi: Exactly. On the project financing, we do the [indiscernible] project by project. [Indiscernible] because it's a very complicated project and so on, difficult to finance. NEOM was pretty easy because there's an offtake price and so on, and we can calculate that. Now with our project in [indiscernible], the $4 billion project that we announced, we will most probably look at project finance on that. But we made the decision a step by step, the options that Air Products has, which is [indiscernible] is that we have the option of using our own cash because we have the cash. We have the option of raising money by going to the market as Air Products and raising bonds and then they have the option of project finance. So we take everything into consideration and come up with the best possible solution. So with new, with the partners and so on, we decided project finance was the best thing. Obviously, for project finance, we are going to pay a higher interest than if we have gone and increased bonds, but that was a joint decision with other partners. Now for the project in Texas, we will probably do project finance. For the project in Louisiana, we probably would. It depends -- and this is something that keeps our finance department and our treasury department busy trying to assess all of these things, and we do ask all of those questions. and we make the most optimum decision.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, thank you. The rest of our projects, obviously, some of them are the other projects that we have announced are actually in a much more advanced stage than new. So we have a pretty good feel for their cost and all of that. But I don't want to deny decide that there is inflation. But we just don't think that the inflation thing is something that we cannot manage or it will significantly caused a struggle because with some of the projects, I mean, let's take the project in Louisiana. The project in Louisiana, if there is inflation on our capital cost goes up, then they will price the ammonia and the hydrogen out of that facility accordingly. So there is not a type of project that we have committed to a sales price for the product and now we have to keep the additional projects.[indiscernible], but most of those things are just about that. So that's why the thing we can manage.
Seifi Ghasemi: That’s a fantastic question. Good question. The quick thing is I can answer that very definitely because you have seen our results during the last -- the last recession obviously was in 2008, 2009 and the second one was during COVID. And you saw what we have always said that Industrial gases business, we have another resulting industry because half of our business is on top. That doesn't get really affected by recession because they are [indiscernible]. And our picture volumes usually go down, but they do not go down significantly. We take action to control our costs, and therefore, you can take a look at our actual results during 2009 and 2010 and 2008 over results in 2020 and2021, and you'll see that we held up pretty well.
Melissa Schaeffer: What the question that you're asking, Steve, is very relevant. We obviously have increased the prices in order to recover the power cost. Obviously, at some point in time, if the power costs go down, then some of the customers would expect us to decrease those prices. And we listen to that and we will make a decision based on supply-demand situation as we always do. So it is possible. But if the price declines in the future, then that would be as a result of power price declining, therefore, theoretically, there shouldn't be an impact on our bottom run.
Melissa Schaeffer: Yes. So thank you. So from a volume perspective in the Americas, that agreement was about 3% of the increase in the volume. Now we will see that over the next four quarters, be pretty consistent. So that's what we would see attributed to 2023.
Melissa Schaeffer: [Indiscernible] on time for 2027. The additional scope is something that we have been thinking and planning on it and then -- the progress on this project is that at the beginning, you go over there and you say, okay, I'm going to build the plant. All of the infrastructure is already there or it's going to be there, and therefore, we can draw on that. As the project goes forward, you will start getting a little bit concerned about the ability of other people to build teams that you need. Therefore, with the project finance, we decided that we are going to do all of that that increases the capital, but it saves us operating costs, as I mentioned before.
Melissa Schaeffer: Yes, absolutely. So the other cost line, we had a number of components this quarter play into there. We had a sizable maintenance, both in the Americas as well as north India joint venture or India segment. So that added additional costs this quarter. We should see that go down in the next quarter. Fixed cost inflation, however, is a driver and at 11%, and that will be consistent throughout this fiscal year.
Melissa Schaeffer: Yes. So thank you for asking that. So just to be clear, on our Alberta project, we have no project financing associated to that project.
