Seifi Ghasemi: I would like to have - Dr. Serhan is the Chairman of the Company, that we have formed to run Jazan, so I'd like to turn it over to him to answer the question.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes, we do. And that we have announced some of it, and I can elaborate on that right now. We see a significant demand for that product in Europe because it is - it being very clear with the policies that has been finalized in Europe, that they were not finalized even two years ago. Europe, basically most of Europe, especially Germany has decided to go green. As a result of that, we plan to build at least three terminals in Europe. One in Hamburg, one in Rotterdam, and one in Immingham in England, to bring the product - their ammonia into those ports, associated and then sell it or mobility and for industrial applications. We might add additional terminals. In addition to that, there is a demand, a potential demand for that green hydrogen and other green hydrogen that we might make in the United States. And we are making in the United States in the State of California, because of the regulations that have been put in place, in terms of conversion to very low-emission vehicles. Therefore, the possibility and another terminal also in California. That is our current plan, but this is a dynamic situation, the regulations around the world continue changing. And as that develops, we will obviously update you. There is significant demand being generated and being discussed in Korea. It is obviously the demand for blue hydrogen in Japan and all of that. But we will update you as we go forward, but that is how we see it today.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I will - I'll make some general comments and then I'll turn it over to Dr. Serhan to kind of elaborate even more in detail. But we expect that project, which is a very good project as Dr. Serhan mentioned, that project has the largest ATRs in the world and we are very happy to own it now. We expect contribution from that project in our bottom line for sure in 2024 - in our fiscal year 2024. In terms of the exact number, obviously, I can't give you the exact number, but order of magnitude, order of magnitude we expect a contribution of about $0.35 per share at least. So Dr. Serhan would you like to comment.
Seifi Ghasemi: John, on that front, we have announced, what the signing of a long-term contract with Imperial Oil, which is part of Exxon, and we have given you the details of that. The rest of it we have very clear visibility to where we are going to sell it. So I think it's a matter of semantics when you say sold out, that means contracts that have been signed and finalized for the fact that we feel that it is going to be sold out. So we feel very strongly that we will sell all of that product and we might actually need more than that. I'd like to have Dr. Serhan to make some comments about where we are on this thing and any additional color.
Seifi Ghasemi: The project costs that we have disclosed includes the brand. Correct. That means the net is - that number that we have given you minus the CAD 475 million that we will get from the Canadian government. We have given you the gross number.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, Mike, obviously, I cannot comment on what other people are saying. The blue ammonia project that we are building in Louisiana, there are many different options that we are considering in terms of the exact final scope of that project, as things develop with the markets and all of that. You know very well that, that project, we are going to make 750 million standard cubic feet a day of hydrogen. One of the issues for us is finalizing how much of that hydrogen we are going to put in our pipeline, and how much of that hydrogen we are going to put and convert to ammonia. That obviously makes a difference in terms of our total capital cost and all of that. I do not want to dispute the general statement that, obviously, the cost of these projects are going to be probably higher than people expected because of inflation, because of labor shortages and all of that. But we have not finalized anything yet, that is at this stage that we would want to talk about that. But, because our scope is still under definition the sequestration, how do we do the sequestration. It will make a difference whether we do the sequestration ourselves or be subcontracted to somebody. So there is a lot of moving parts. But I'd like to turn it over to Dr. Serhan to make some additional comments.
Seifi Ghasemi: I'd just like to make one additional comment. I can't help, but make the comment. As I said, I don't want to comment on what others are saying. But I do like to make a general comment that a lot of people sometimes start on this journey of blue ammonia and green ammonia, based on back of the envelope things without really understanding what they're talking about, because they have never done it before. As a result, they come up with numbers that looks pretty attractive. Then when they start actually doing the project, defining their scope and finding out the complexities, then they get surprised. So, I wouldn't be surprised if in the future, many of the people who have embarked on this energy transition would come up with realization, that some of these projects that are a lot more complex than they think. It takes a lot more. And not everybody who has never made a pound of hydrogen in their life can become a supplier of blue or green hydrogen and participate in the energy transition. We have been in this business for 60 years. We think we know what we are talking about. But anyway, I just couldn't help, but make that general comment. Okay.
Seifi Ghasemi: Duffy, that is a very good question. Right now, our best information based on discussions with customers, is that Europe is very much committed to green. That they are - that the argument is that blue hydrogen is a transitional thing. So why go through the channel - go to blue and then go to green. You know, we're going to go green, therefore, let's make the leap. And therefore, I'm sure you have seen some of the announcements with respect to, for example, the €2.2 billion that the European Commission approved for Tyson Group, that is clearly was approved for use of green hydrogen. So that is the direction we see in Europe. In Korea, in Japan, I think it will be more oriented at the beginning towards blue because that is going to be used for decarbonizing the power plants. And in the United States, we have to see, but the good news for us is that, we are seeing significant discussion on both, but that it is not as people predicted, that in the U.S. it would all be blue hydrogen. Right now we are talking to companies who are very interested in green hydrogen in the United States, to make their products in the United States, whether it's a seed or chemical.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, thank you very much. That concludes our session. And I would like to again thank everyone for joining our call today. We really appreciate your interest and your good questions. And we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Stay safe. Have a great summer and talk to you soon. Take care. Thank you.
Samir Serhan: Yes, Chris, everything is going as it planned really since we took over the group to assets. We've been commissioning them, putting them on-stream. And really supplying the product to power to the grid and supplying also products like hydrogen to the refinery and steam. So things are really going well with that project. I mean, we're really fortunate to have a very strong 800 people doing this - running that facility.
Samir Serhan: I mean, really the team in Europe has been doing an outstanding job. I mean, we deal with all of the challenges in Europe about the war, about energy cost fluctuation. But no doubt about it, the industrial output in Europe is not growing at all. I mean, and that is definitely a challenge that we're monitoring. But to make - I mean, some of the segments we support is better than last year. We see a gradual improvement in electronics, with some of the customers there. The low natural gas pricing, we see some of the chemical-defining fertilizer business are picking-up activity. Construction is still challenging there, which helps our package business that it's still really down compared to previous years. So, again measured costs.
Samir Serhan: Yes. Steve, good question. We really see the demand for hydrogen, it's really significant. I mean, the main driver for us, for our business is - because you know that, we have the biggest network in the world in the U.S. Gulf Coast. That's really fully utilized. I mean, we have there more demand than we can really supply. And definitely, there is also demand for lower carbon and hydrogen for the renewable diesel refinery. So it's been really very robust, we see some activity also picking up, the hydrogen also in our Rotterdam pipeline system there. The same thing we see it in Canada, California. So it's overall really been robust, that mean the demand for hydrogen with also some buckets for low-carbon hydrogen.
Samir Serhan: It starts really with what is really included in this acquisition. So this is really the two largest world scale ATRs in the world. There is also a hydrogen unit through a large air separation units around 12,000 tonne per day. The plant is already built, it's in the process being commissioned right now and that's why we see it is going to be a set of our earnings next year 2024 and it would be fully in the numbers for 2025. Again, we're very proud of the project and really operating those ATRs with Haldor Topsoe technology is really going to give us lots of know-how about how to really optimize our positioning in blue hydrogen in the future.
Samir Serhan: Thanks, Seifi. IOL is the anchor customer for this project. We're working together with them to bring our respective facilities onstream. Please note the products out of this project will go into our existing pipeline systems, which we have a system in Edmonton, Canada. And this will be feeding IOL, our customers and also hydrogen for mobility because we are building a fueling station also they have to use low-carbon hydrogen for mobility. It's going very well. I mean, working very closely with IOL as the anchor customer.
Samir Serhan: The visibility we have, and we expect that by the end of the year, that we will get the construction permits. But again, it really will depend on the officials and the state of California. Okay.
Samir Serhan: Thanks, Seifi. I mean, definitely in the context of the soft global economy, global COVID pandemic, shortages in labor materials, supply chain disruptions, record inflation rate, I think we definitely at the bar sure that we can deliver. I mean, we show that on Jazan, we showed it on Jiutai. We showed that on Gulf Coast ammonia and projects that you don't really hear too many about 160 of them were closed and bought on stream during the COVID period. So I think, again, we managed to show that we are walking the talk basically and we delivered on these things. With the challenges that exist, we do see something like the inflation subsiding slowing down. But it's not going any - but we're really having the execution, basically where managing these challenges and deliver on our commitment, which is the 10% EBITDA during the contractual life of these assets.
Samir Serhan: It will be Europe is the one business or one region we have where we have significant amount of merchant, I mean, versus the other regions. So definitely, the industrial out, but not growing in Europe is a concern. I mean we see some signs of picking up, but it's still there. We don't really see it picking up full steam. China, again, we saw some recovery, but it is slowing down. I mean, we're keeping an eye on this and what type of incentives they're going to have there to really incentivize the economy.
Samir Serhan: I mean it really goes safely to what you mentioned before. I mean it's that know-how we developed over the last 60 years in producing hydrogen. I mean this is really what - we had this challenge a few years ago. We looked at the market, we saw that there are ammonia crackers, but the efficiency is really not acceptable. You end up wasting lots of the valuable product. And again, we put our team of expert on this. And basically, we developed a product where we feel is very, very efficient. I mean, to a single-digit loss. And that's really what we have without giving more details. I mean.
Melissa Schaeffer: So, thank you very much, Seifi. So just to make sure I understand your question, you're asking what was the additional contribution from our sale of equipment.
Melissa Schaeffer: Yes. Thank you very much. So I think you asked a great question and I will focus on cost, not just within our corporate segment, but perhaps across our organization. So a portion of our costs are really associated with our good results. We increased our variable pay program across our organization, as our results come in positively. Additionally, like most organizations, we continue to feel the burden of the wage inflation across the organization. Finally, another notable contribution is the fact that we have several plans that are pre-onstream for commissioning phases. This obviously adds to our headcount in preparation for the onstream of those plans, which will add to our cost stack for a period, without support from the program - or from the invoicing of those plants. So those three combined is really where you see the cost increase across the organization.
Melissa Schaeffer: Absolutely. So yes, thank you for the question. So there's two components of the grant. The first component is a capital grant that we are getting from the government. The second component is around a production credit. But for your specific question around where you should expect to take our normal run rate of return, it's associated to the net number, the CAD 1.1 billion that we have listed on the project side.
Melissa Schaeffer: Yes. So I'll just add one comment specific to Europe. So, we are in a situation where we have now lapped the strong pricing momentum. So that although we are seeing a slight decrease sequentially, we still have very strong pricing in Europe. And so I think we just need to remember that lapping the comps are tougher, but it is still very strong pricing in Europe. So we need to hold on to that, to continue to show the strong returns in Europe.
