Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you very much, Simon. Air Products continues to deliver consistent results, despite significant ongoing challenges in the world. Our volumes, price and profit all grew in 2021. Overcoming the pandemic, the storms, supply chain disruptions and rising costs globally, I truly believe that we have become an even stronger company and fully expect to deliver significant earnings growth as the economies around the world recover, and our projects come on the stream. Now, please turn to Slide number 26, for fiscal year 2022, our earnings per share guidance is $10.20 to $10.40, up 15% to 15%, over last year. For quarter one of fiscal year ’22, our earning per share guidance is $2.45 to $2.55, up 16% to 20%, over last year. And this include about two months of the Phase 1 of the Jazan project. We see our CapEx at around $5.5 billion to $5 billion for fiscal year ‘22, including approximately $1.5 billion of Phase 1 of the Jazan project. Now, please turn to Slide number 27, we are confident that the security of employment and compensation that we provided to our employees during this difficult pandemic period, positions us very well and very strongly for the future. We demonstrated to our people that devious support them in times of difficulty. We are committed to this approach since the only sustainable, long-term competitive advantage of any company is the degree of commitment and motivation of the people in the enterprise. The strong results and significant milestones we achieved this year are just part of our continued growth. As I said before, Air Products is supported by and supportive of the world’s focus on sustainability. Our customers choose Air Products because they know we can help them to meet their sustainability goals, and we continue to innovate so that we can be a partner on their sustainability journey for the future. The world’s environmental and sustainability challenges are immense, huge issues that need to be addressed. And our growth strategy, which is focused on gasification, carbon capture and hydrogen is designed specifically to address these critical needs. We know that our continued success depends on the expertise, dedication, and commitment of our talented people around the world. And we consistently have been adding resources around the world, in order to position ourselves properly to meet the growth demand and the execution of the projects that we have undertaken. Rising through the energy challenges that face our world today, we are committed to having a diverse workforce, significant development of applications and mega project expertise, and collaborative spirit within our companies. I believe Air Products is uniquely positioned to help develop world transition to a cleaner and better future. It's a better future we believe in, and in which, we are already totally invested. Now, we are pleased to answer any questions that you have.
Seifi Ghasemi: David, I wouldn't call them delays. I mean, these are mega projects. And we announced them to give our best judgment about them, they come on stream, but all of these projects need to be permitted. They need government approvals and all of that. So, each time we had a call to give you our latest estimate of what we think these projects can come on stream. So, right now, our best estimate for these projects are the days that we have given you. If we can move them forward, we will tell you. If there's further delays, we will let you know, because as I said, we cannot forecast everything, because we are dependent on getting significant permits for a lot of these projects.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I'll bet on Louisiana I’m not going to consume a huge amount of capital next year. But it is all related to the projects that Dr. Serhan mentioned. I mean, people focus on our mega projects, and obviously, we are delighted to talk about it. But don't forget, we still have a base business, which is very resilient, and we are doing many, many, many projects. Actually, as Dr. Serhan mentioned, last year was a record year for our small and mid-sized projects. We are getting our fair share of the market on those projects, they are going away going to be executed, and they require capital.
Seifi Ghasemi: Good morning, John. John, as you know very well, we have two parts to our business, on the on-site, they immediately growing, because that's just pass-through. Our merchant side and packaged gases business, some of it as clauses, but a lot of it don't have clauses. And therefore, we need to go and increase prices and invoice the customers and convince them that energy prices have gone up. And then there is a competitive environment. Some people have tried to use this as an excuse to get market share and all that. So we need work to do. But what has compounded our issue in terms of being able to recover them fast enough is that the rate of energy increases. I mean, if energy increases, we do forecast of these things. But what happened in Europe, in the month of August and September, was something that it was impossible to forecast that things would go up to 100%. So as a result, we’re lagging in terms of price increases in our merchant business, especially in Europe, but the team is doing a fantastic job. They did a great job in September and October, but there is more work to be done. So we will be delayed about a quarter maybe.
Seifi Ghasemi: John, as far as I'm concerned, I like to see those margins back then, next time we talk in January. I mean, we don't like to see our margins go down. Therefore, the pricing actions that we put in place has a lot to do with that, because it's all about that -- the margins are all about pricing. The volumes are the volumes. The margin is how much profit you made per unit of volume. So we need to catch up with the energy costs. And our goal is to catch up with it as soon as possible. So, then you say my target is to be able to report that our margins have gone back up to 40% by next quarter or the quarter after that. How much of it be achieved is obviously going to depend on the efforts of all of us over here, but we are doing our best to get there as soon as we can. And we are also increasing book for that spirit, absolutely.
Seifi Ghasemi: Good morning, Kevin. What it means is that, obviously, the pace of price increases you have seen what we have done in the past, it's about 18th, 19th consecutive quarters that we're getting -- for our merchant business, we are getting 3%, 4%, 5% price increases in different regions around the world. So now, before we begin increasing prices to improve our margins, now we have to increase prices to maintain our margins. And therefore, there is a significant sense of urgency on that. And how successful we are, we are going to report that to you next quarter. I don't want to forecast that, because there is a lot of activities that we do and a lot involved. But the fact is that energy prices have gone up. And we need to recover that by increasing prices. Everybody needs to do that. And there is global inflation. And if people can deal with that, they are going to see their margins go down. And at the same time, we need to also continue to work on our productivity goals. And our people know that, and we are all very focused on that, Kevin.
Seifi Ghasemi: Kevin, you are asking me a very intelligent question. And my answer to that is that our commitment is to create value for our shareholders. If, at some point in time, what you are suggesting is a significant opportunity for significantly increasing shareholder value, we would obviously consider that. But I don't want to give the impression that we want to do anything tomorrow. And besides that, we need to kind of demonstrate the success of the hydrogen business and all of that. So the question that you're asking is a very good question. And we, as a company, as a board, always look at those options. Now, when we would act or if the act on it, it depends on the circumstances, depends on the market, depends on the development of the hydrogen business, and all of that. So, sorry to give you a general answer, Kevin, but I'm sure you appreciate what I'm saying.
Seifi Ghasemi: Steve, first of all, good morning, and thanks for your question. I'm very happy that you're breaking it down the way that you are breaking it down. We are showing that, first of all, I think we should get credit for Jazan. At the end of the day, that's part of the company and we're increasing the EPS 15%. But if you want to look at this asset by saying, okay, I know you have done that, but the base business looks like is growing 6%. Well, that is the baby seat award right now, because the base business, Kevin, as you know better than I do, is dependent on the growth of GDP or industrial production. And I'm not sitting here getting too excited about prospects of GDP or industrial production growth anywhere in the world. I mean, everybody likes to say that COVID is over now everything is growth. China, the biggest growth engine that the world had last quarter grew only 3%. Europe, GDP and industrial production is not going anywhere. In the U.S., not that much happening. And Latin America is not going anywhere. So I think between the circumstances, and then considering all of the issues about energy costs, and then -- that we need to recover all of the issues that is related to supply chain, which is affecting our ability to move helium containers around the world, that's a real issue. And then all of the fundamental supply chain that I mentioned, and the overall economic activity, these are all real issues. Our job is to give you a guidance that is reasonable. We gave you a guidance for fiscal year 2021, the average of that was 902.5, and we delivered 902, despite the hurricanes, which we didn't forecast, despite the power outages and all of that. It's our job to have a balance. We know the business very well. It's our job to look at growth things, look at the other things and put it all together and give you the best judgment that we have at the time to give it to you. And right now, our best judgment is that yeah, you're right, that overall our base business is going to grow about 6% or 7%. I hope it does better. But we are responsible for giving you a responsible forecast, rather than daydreaming about the fact that everything will be fine. And COVID hasn't gone away either. So, sorry to give you a long answer. But, I hope that helps.
Seifi Ghasemi: Kevin, there is two fundamental dynamics. We are talking here about 2020, the time that – yes, 2026 when these projects are going to come on stream. Number one, we do need increase hydrogen demand on the pipeline, because we have new customers that are coming on. And foresee ourselves sold out on that and therefore we need additional hydrogen and the pipeline. The second thing is that we think there will be significant additional customers if you can give them blue hydrogen, and they will convert and get the benefits. But then a significant part of their production, especially in Canada is going to be liquid, which is going to go for mobility where we see people converting to hydrogen for their mobility and the program they have. Then in Louisiana, the massive amount of hydrogen that we are making, a significant part of that or part of that we haven't given you the details until we figured out all of the details, but fundamentally, a significant amount will be converted to blue ammonia, which will be exported. And you know where the destination of that export is, that's basically in Japan, where they have no other choice. But how is Japan going to decarbonize? They don't have oil, they don't have gas, they don't have nuclear. And they don't have shallow waters to do any kind of wind mills offshore. So they need to import their energy. And the best form of energy to import is import blue ammonia, that the co2 has been captured, and to burn it in their power plants to generate electricity, so that then they can use that electricity to drive their cars and all. So, that is the thinking that we have in terms of the outlet for the blue hydrogen.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, it seems to be accretive as we go forward. I mean, all of those projects that he's talking about take two or three years to build. So if ’21, we got the project, so it will be ’22, ‘23, it starts having an impact on our results in ’24, ‘25. Those things are not that something that you turn it on right away. They still need to be engineered and built. But he's absolutely correct that we had a very good year on those mid-size projects. We don't usually talk about that, but we decided to talk about it this quarter, because I was just getting concerned that people are under the impression that the only thing they like is mega projects. No, we are committed to our existing business. And we are getting more than our fair share of the existing business on the smaller size. And our people are doing a great job in getting those projects and executing them.
Seifi Ghasemi: First of all -- and let me just characterize it, those disruptions in the fourth quarter was not material. They weren't that much. We felt obligated to mention them because there were a few incidents, but they were not material. Now, are they going to be material in this quarter or the next quarter? We have to wait and see. And then the other thing is that we have two kinds of business, as you very well know. We have the on-site business, the on-site business we did only shut down our plant if the customer is forced to shut down. Let's say, it’s a steel plant, and they say shut down the steel plant, the customer doesn't need the oxygen, they have to shut down the power plant. Then we have our merchant business, our merchant business, we rarely every shut down our merchant business, because we are not a dirty business. So they don't specifically say shut down the ASU. It's mainly the customers that they shut down, which affects us.
Seifi Ghasemi: Marc, I'm very happy that you're asking me the question. Because, the blue hydrogen projects that we have announced, we are using new technology in Canada and another technology in Louisiana, when we can capture 95% of the co2 and sequestrating. When it comes to the SMR, what happens in SMR? When you take the natural gas, you have a steam methane reformer. You take some of the natural gas directly into the process, goes over a catalyst, and you break down CH4 to CO on hydrogen, and then you shift, it you have hydrogen and CO becomes CO2, and it goes up at the atmosphere. You can capture 95% of that, true. But then you use a lot of the natural gas to burn to heat up the tubes, which contain the catalyst, that is combustion, like a combustion in a furnace, or in a power plant. Theoretically, you can capture that CO2, but it will cost you an arm and a leg to capture that. So, making a statement that I can capture 95% of the CO2 from SMR, sure, you can capture the CO2 is air too. But the issue is that is it cost effective or not. So what we are saying is that the technology that we have makes it possible to capture the CO2 in a cost effective way. But, yeah, you have to put a lot of equipment on the SMR to capture the CO2 from combustion. Theoretically, you can say, yeah, I can put a special boxes and do that. And I really don't want to comment on what our competitors say, they have to defend what they say, it's their business. But from our point of view, when we put carbon capture on SMRs, as we have done, and we actually operate the biggest plant in Port Arthur, everybody can go and take a look at it. We have the CO2 capture on the process spot, because that is economical, we can capture that and use it for the natural recovery. But on the combustion part, we don't do that, because that becomes cost prohibitive. Can it be done? Yeah, sure, anything can be done at the cost. I hope that helps, Marc.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, we don't anticipate that. Oh, you mean that in 2023, Lu’An comes and says you were charging me reduced fee, continue doing that. Well, that's not our agreement. That's not our agreement. I don't want to anticipate what Lu’An will do and what we would do in that case. But right now, we don't expect that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Vincent, you're asking a very, very insightful question. I mean, right now, different parts of the world have put different numbers in place. I mean, in California, they have put $200 per ton of CO2, you get an incentive for that. Canada is talking about $50 to $100 per ton. Other parts of the world that we have exposure to that, if the number is somewhere between $100, $50, $75, $150, it's all over the place. I think that the way we look at these projects, and all of that, we try to kind of look at the profitability, on the basis that we don't get too much of these kinds of things, because we don't want to rely on governments of subsidies every time to do something. But overall, these numbers are all going to develop based on the commitments that people have made. And fundamentally, what is going to happen, Vincent, if people are going to -- I see that a great deal of fascination, all of these promises being made at Glasgow. But if you add up all of those things, the amount of carbon credits that you need in order to meet the requirements becomes gigantic. And therefore, in order to generate those things, customers need to start using these low carbon energy sources. And therefore, you have to have real incentives for people to convert from diesel, for ships and trains, and planes, and all of that, and steelmaking to really shift to clean energy. And that one, a little bit of incentive is not going to do that. So, I think if the governments are serious to achieving those goals, they have to put in steep incentives to incentivize people to actually do that. So, the prospect of that is very encouraging for our business, but we have to see how it develops, Vincent, as we go forward.
Seifi Ghasemi: Jeff, good morning, first of all. Jeff, one of the reasons that we wanted Dr. Serhan to talk about smaller facilities and all of that, was because my concern about the fact that the question that you just asked, we are winning our fair share of business in electronics, we are doing some very big projects for people like all of these big electronic manufacturers, like Intel, like Samsung, like TSMC, and all of that. You don't see it, you don't highlight them, because they are not mega projects, but we are getting our fair share of those. So, we are not -- that is actually one of the sectors we are very focused on. We are very strong in Asia Pacific, where most of these projects are happening. And we are definitely on top of that. Now, in terms of the breakdown, I've been hesitant to give you the breakdown, because then people know exactly which projects we projects we have involved, and all of that. But believe me, Air Products has been and continues to be extremely focused on the electronics sector. And I can claim that we are definitely winning our fair share of those projects for those big customers.
Seifi Ghasemi: But it helps them, because the coal gasification plants are producing chemicals, which are competing the production from oil. I mean, the whole reason that China is using a lot of coal, or Indonesia wants use a lot of coal or India wants to use coal is because they want to use coal to produce chemicals, so that they don't have to pay foreign currency for the oil that they import. So, if energy prices go up, coal prices are in the ground, therefore that would help.
Seifi Ghasemi: Okay. With that, then I would like to thank everybody who was on the call. We very much appreciate your very good and insightful and sometimes difficult questions, but that's the way it is. We do appreciate that. And we look forward to talking to you when we announce our first quarter results, sometime in January or early February. Thank you again, and have a very nice day.
