Simon R. Moore: Thank you, Gwen. Good morning, and welcome to Air Products' First Quarter Earnings Teleconference. This is Simon Moore. I'm pleased to be joined today by Paul Huck, our CFO. As we announced in October, Paul will be retiring at the end of February. I'm also pleased to be joined by Scott Crocco, who will succeed Paul as CFO. Paul will review our overall Q1 results, I will review the segments and Scott will provide our outlook for Q2 and the rest of 2013. We issued our earnings release this morning. It is available on our website, along with the slides for this teleconference. Please go to airproducts.com to access the materials. Instructions for accessing the replay of this call beginning at 2 p.m. Eastern Time are also available on our website. Please turn to Slide 2. As always, today's teleconference will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions. Please review the information on these slides and at the end of today's earnings release, explaining factors that may affect these expectations. Now I'll turn the call over to Paul.
Simon R. Moore: Yes. Great, P.J., good question. So let me just go over the numbers that we talked about. So for the U.S./Canada -- and again, these are our LOX/LIN utilization rates. So in the U.S./Canada, the low 70s; in the Europe, high 70s; and in Asia, in the mid-70s. And I think one of the things that as I know you know in this business, we have a very modest distribution radius for product out of these plants, perhaps 100 miles. And so in that environment, it gets very difficult to create value just by shutting down capacity. It's certainly something that we look at on an ongoing basis, but it isn't really one of our expectations for one of the big drivers going forward. We are working hard to bring load to those facilities. We're doing that in a disciplined manner relative to pricing with our applications expertise and loading up our sales teams. So as we said, that's one of our big opportunities going forward as those assets load up.
Simon R. Moore: So I think anytime that we have an opportunity to do that, P.J., we would absolutely take a look at that. To be honest with you, in U.S./Canada, there's only a modest amount of new ASU on-site opportunities. So again, we look at that every time. I just -- I guess my point is I don't think that's going to be a huge driver of the growth going forward. I think more of an opportunity is to leverage the economic recovery that we're expecting to grow the volumes.
Simon R. Moore: Yes. It's a good question, Vincent, thank you. I think a couple of things there. First of all, obviously, we just talked about the seasonal pattern, right, and we recognize Q1 as typically weak. We typically see improvement through the year. So I think, to some degree, you would expect a typical seasonal pattern. I think as we talked to some of our customers, that's the feedback that they're giving to us. They wouldn't be surprised to see utilization rates be a little bit soft here but then continue to improve through the back half of the year. And again, as we look at what some of our customers are talking about, they're also looking, for example, I think both Intel and TSMC have pretty robust capital spending expectations for this upcoming year of 2013, which obviously goes to one of the concepts we've been talking about, that the big, strong players in this industry are the ones who have the ability and the capacity to continue to invest in the new fabs, and those are the companies that we're the leading supplier to.
Simon R. Moore: Yes. Duffy, this is Simon. Good question. And of course, I know that you know one of the big differences is, when we talk about this region, we're just talking about our Merchant business, right, and whereas other people are talking about the impact of Asia of their whole company. So for example, if you had large tonnage plants starting up in Asia, they'd be included in the other guy's Asia comments but not in ours. And I know you know that. But just if I could then focus on what we've seen in Asia, couple of different things going on. We commented that argon has been particularly soft in Asia in our Merchant business. And you have a dynamic there of some of the steel companies who own their own air separation units. Sometimes, they need a little bit of extra argon. If they're not running as hard, they actually have a little bit of extra argon to put into the marketplace. So that has impacted our wholesale demand for argon, as well as soft photovoltaics market. Again, as we said, LOX/LIN volumes have been up x conversions about 2%. So that's a positive. Obviously, we're working hard to make that number larger. We've also seen a little bit of softness in our cylinder business in Asia. And as we commented, we've done some things to focus on the higher profitability customers, so have done a little bit of business-shedding there as well. So we do expect to see a pickup in economic activity and volume growth in the back half of our year in Asia, particularly in the Merchant business. And again, just as a reminder, we have a lot of significant asset investments in the Tonnage business that are expected to come onstream this year as well in Asia.
Simon R. Moore: I'm sorry, yes. Sorry, Kevin. Yes. So we've updated our major projects slide in our package, and we do have some projects that we expect to come onstream here soon. So particularly in the second quarter, really the Yankuang project in China will come on stream. In the third quarter, we would expect to see PetroChina in China. That's, again, very exciting project, as it's the first steam methane reformer, the first hydrogen plant that's ever been outsourced by a state-owned oil company in China, so a great opportunity. And then we have some electronics projects that are expected to come onstream later in the year. So that's kind of the framework of how things look for the rest of the year.
Simon R. Moore: Yes, we do. Yes, absolutely, Bob. And I think I would just -- for the quarter, that is absolutely the case. We had a lot more new signings, lot more new business coming onstream. Obviously, when you look at the year-on-year comparison, right, we see some of the business that was lost through the second half of last year.
Simon R. Moore: Great. Mike, good questions. So again, if we just kind of break down the Tonnage volume growth, we said about half of that was from new projects. So obviously, that's sustainable. The other half was from base business load-up. And I think of that base business load-up, probably half of that was increased volumes in the U.S. Gulf Coast. So to be honest with you, we call them spot volumes for a reason. There was an opportunity here where customers' demand exceeded their capacity to get product from somebody else. And we were extremely pleased that the pipeline enabled us to literally move product from one region to the other, support these customers in their time of need and also create a good opportunity for us. So one of the things we talked about in our sequential guidance going forward is we wouldn't be surprised if we saw a little bit of softening of some of those spot volumes. But again, those are exactly the opportunities and exactly the reason why we invested in the pipeline. In terms of the pipeline, I think things are going very well. The team's becoming very familiar with that and emphasizing how to best utilize it. We're getting the efficiency benefits that we expected out of it. And I would say probably, since it's come onstream, I would say the volume opportunities have perhaps exceeded our expectations as well. So things are going well down there.
Simon R. Moore: Yes. So I think as we've said a couple of times in terms of helium, but overall, as well as in the U.S./Canada, it was down in U.S./Canada. So it has a little bit of an impact on the top line. I think, overall, for the company, not much of an impact. And as we said before, given the teams out there working very hard to drive price increases, it has a very modest bottom line impact. In terms of argon, obviously, I think we talked about this at our event in November, some examples of where we're worked hard to improve the recovery of argon at certain plants and also improve the purification. So it's not one single project, it's a matter of getting a little bit more argon out of a few different locations. And again, I'd just also point out that we've seen a little bit of demand softening as well. So argon, really, I think we would say, generally speaking, was not a constraint during the quarter.
Simon R. Moore: Okay, thanks, everyone. Please go to our website to access a replay of this call beginning at 2 p.m. today. Thank you very much for joining us, and have a great day.
M. Scott Crocco: Thanks, Simon. Now please turn to Slide 10, and let me provide you a brief summary of our outlook. From an economic perspective, we still expect modest but improving growth in FY '13, with global manufacturing at the low end of our 2% to 4% range. In the U.S., inventory de-stocking and fiscal cliff concerns negatively impacted manufacturing in the first quarter. The pending debt ceiling and spending debates add to uncertainty, which depresses hiring and investment and lowers consumer confidence. Going forward, we expect slow but modestly improving growth, driven in part by the recovering housing market and the Fed monetary policy. In any scenario, reduced government spending will lower 2013 growth. So overall for the year, we expect U.S./Canada growth to be close to the low end of our 2% to 4% range. Europe is in a recession now, and we are forecasting slow improvement through the rest of the year. In China and throughout Asia, there were some positive signs in manufacturing in Q1 driven by stimulus spending. We expect to see the benefits of this in the second half of the year. In electronics, industry production is weaker than last year, and fab utilization has softened. We expect this to slowly begin to recover in the second quarter. Our full year EPS guidance is $5.70 to $5.90, up $0.05 from our previous guidance, with the positive impact of the share repurchase partially offset by the slower economic environment going forward. CapEx is expected to be about $2 billion, consistent with the more focused guidance we gave in November. And our backlog is at $2.8 billion, down slightly from last quarter, as we brought onstream a number of projects. As we have said in the past, it is not unusual for the backlog to move around quarter-to-quarter. We still see robust bidding in the oxygen-for-gasification market in China but continue to see decisions being delayed for potential hydrogen and electronics projects. For Q2, our EPS guidance is $1.34 to $1.39 based on the following factors: On the positive side, we expect to see improved volumes in the Electronics and Performance Materials and Equipment and Energy businesses; no inventory revaluation impact; the increasing positive effect of our cost-reduction programs; and a full quarter effect of our Q1 share buyback. Partially offsetting the sequential improvement, Tonnage Gases profits are expected to decline due to seasonally higher maintenance spending and lower volumes as refineries begin taking their annual outages. We also expect reduced spot sales on the U.S. Gulf Coast. The PUI business and the impact of Lunar New Year are also expected to be headwinds. Now let me wrap up. Overall, Q1 gives us a good start to the year, with solid execution in an uncertain economic environment. We are taking actions to control our own destiny, including efficient plant operations, cost-reduction programs, price improvement and excellent project execution. We are well positioned to grow in the long term with the size and strength of our backlog, over 80% of which is committed to long-term, on-site or pipeline contracts. We have significant leverage on our existing assets to load them as the economy recovers. And we are focused on our core business and cash priorities. And finally, on behalf of John McGlade and the rest of Air Products, I would like to personally thank Paul for all he's done over his 33 years with Air Products, especially the last 9 as CFO. Paul hired me into the company, and I have worked either directly for him or in his organization for all of my 22 years with Air Products. While I have some big shoes to fill, I plan to approach my new role with the same integrity, transparency and passion that Paul has and to continue to focus on driving long-term profitable growth for Air Products by increasing returns and ensuring capital discipline consistent with our cash priorities. I enjoyed the opportunity to get out and meet a number of you in December, and I look forward to getting out again very soon as we finalize the CFO transition in late February. Thank you. And now I'll turn the call over to Gwen to take your questions.
M. Scott Crocco: And the second question, Don -- this is Scott. In terms of the Europe restructuring, we're on track to wrap that up by the end of the second quarter. And we saw in this quarter about a $0.03 benefit. And as we take the actions then going forward, we expect to have that step up modestly in the second quarter and then to get to a run rate of about $0.05 per quarter, $60 million or so on an annualized basis. So consistent with what we've said in the past, we would expect to see in fiscal '13 about a $0.15 favorable impact from the cost-reduction actions in Europe.
M. Scott Crocco: So P.J., this is Scott. From a sequential in electronics, it's about half between equipment and materials and heavily driven from a materials perspective from seasonality.
M. Scott Crocco: Jeff, this is Scott. The acquisition is doing very well. We're very pleased with the business that we've acquired, and we've seen all sorts of opportunities. I'll remind you, too, that this acquisition was -- we had some cost synergies, but it was heavy on -- from a growth perspective. And in the early days here, we've been able to identify several small on-site opportunities in steel and glass, and we're pursuing them. So we are very pleased with the acquisition. In terms of your question of margin, as we've said before, to be in the low teens, given that the nature of that business is more in the hardgoods. But we do see sequential growth not only from the markets that we're in, but also, as I've mentioned, from our offerings. And as we expand and identify more opportunities, both from small on-sites, as well as in the applications arena, we expect to see continued good growth. So we're very pleased with that.
M. Scott Crocco: Yes. So -- Scott again, Jeff, modestly up from the $230 million, won't be $300 million, $275 million or so for the year.
M. Scott Crocco: I would say -- so this is Scott, Dave. As you mentioned, it's lumpy, especially as we've got more larger deals, China gasification and so forth. But I would expect it to end the year about where it is now, kind of bumping along but moving sideways. Again, a lot of good opportunities that we're out there looking at.
M. Scott Crocco: So from a cost perspective, as I mentioned, we're running through and almost finalized with the provision. But I also say that we're focused on additional cost reductions beyond simply people reductions. We've got a lot of initiatives going on from a supply chain perspective, as well as trying to push price. And as you saw in our results, we do have prices up. So in terms of where could it get overall, we're looking at this and trying to make substantial, continued improvement, recognizing that the economy in the short term and for some time is not going to be a big tailwind. And so we're going to continue to drive the business and do what we need to do in order to get it profitable, both from price and cost. But hopeful, again, from a volume perspective, through applications and making sure that we're going after the right customers and the right locations to drive margin improvement.
M. Scott Crocco: So this is Scott. If you look at the impact from the share repurchase, roughly $0.10 up from what the previous guidance was. But then given the economic situation that we're in and the environment that we saw in the first quarter, and as we talked about a decelerating momentum through the quarter, we've taken that down by about half, just given the uncertainty of the economic growth going forward. And so that's what translates into taking it up by about $0.05.
M. Scott Crocco: As I mentioned before, we're progressing very well. And again, the cost synergies are relatively modest, driven more from a corporate governance and an oversight, and we're on track there. But really, this acquisition was driven by the top line growth synergies that we can bring, marrying their local knowledge in the hardgoods business with our application knowledge and on-sites. And so, as I mentioned before, very happy with the acquisition. It's running very well, and we look forward to continue to drive top line growth in that new market.
M. Scott Crocco: This is Scott. So we actually saw in the first quarter a deceleration and a bigger impact from the holiday slowdown. Now early on, we're just partially way through January, we have seen that turn, and we are hopeful that as we get past the holiday slowdown, that we see sequential growth not only in the second quarter, but then through the rest of the fiscal year. In our forecast, we anticipate that for the full year, we get back about even, slightly unfavorable overall from a manufacturing output in Europe.
M. Scott Crocco: But just to build on that, obviously, the focus going forward is going to be expand margins and bring those projects onstream, on time and profitably, load the assets, and so looking to generate more cash out of the investments that we've made through margin expansion.
M. Scott Crocco: So this is Scott. In general, no change, but we would expect it to be a little at the bottom end of that range that we gave before.
Paul E. Huck: Okay, yes. On the inventory, Don, there is some offset which occurs in the -- in there, but there are impacts which occur in the Merchant area also. And those -- and that offset is really around what occurs on the LIFO accounting, and the bulk of that is offset against the Merchant area for us in this quarter. So there is a small impact there. But for the large part, the Electronics and Performance Materials segment, that flowed directly through to the bottom line in the consolidated results.
Paul E. Huck: P.J., I think the thing is, as Simon said, our pricing has been good in most regions here as we go through. And so we don't think the utilization rate is impacting pricing.
Paul E. Huck: As far as that's concerned with that, Vincent, is that in last year and this year, the outages are probably about the same from a maintenance standpoint. We had -- our plants ran better in Q1 of this year than they ran in Q1 of last year. And so we had some plant issues in Q1 of last year which we talked about at that point in time. We are over them, and so we had a very good first quarter in that. As you look at this, the high point for turnarounds is typically our quarter 2 for the refineries. There's also turns which occur in quarter 1 and quarter 3. There's not that many which occur in quarter 4, we think. So this is typically the high point for the maintenance activities which we would normally expect. The aberration was more in the prior year than in the current year.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. And Duffy, this is Paul. If you take a look at that, the thing which we're looking at are what we would call the small generated gas type of plants. So typically, most of your opportunities there are going to be under 100 tons a day, but they turn out to be a good opportunity for us, very nice things which we do. And we are finding a lot of them principally because the business was focused on packaged gas previously. And so now as we bring our applications expertise into this country, we think we're going to be able to sell a number of these plants over the next few years.
Paul E. Huck: If you take a look at our leverage overall, right now, it's on the high side, so -- because we move the share buyback forward with those things for where we would like to run it. Now as far as buying back shares in January, no, we haven't. As far as a buyback in the future -- of this year, we would look at this from an opportunity standpoint. As you can see is that we bought the shares at a low price. If the stock does drop down, we would look at that again.
Paul E. Huck: As far as that is concerned, it depends where that goes. For right now, as we look at this, there's still a good amount of heavy crude which comes into the refiners, which they process. And it also gets around what sort of the product mix which they make. We've talked about this before, that as they tend to move more and more to more transportation fuels, even a light sweet crude, they wind up cracking that further down. So as the U.S. market, especially the Gulf Coast where we have a large presence, turns into more of a market for export, that -- and that's going to favor more use of hydrogen and principally, the export which is going out is diesel, which is the heaviest consumer of hydrogen in the mix.
Paul E. Huck: And so as far as that's concerned, we said the gasification area in China is still plowing forward, so we're seeing contracts occur there. Then if we turn to the hydrogen contracts in the U.S. and around the world and also if we turn to electronics, we are seeing customers hold back. Certainly, within the U.S., investment plans are holding back somewhat because of the uncertainty around tax rules and things like that, which are holding back things.
Paul E. Huck: As far as that's concerned, Mark, we haven't seen an impact on our plants for helium in Algeria. The place where this occurs is pretty far from our plant, with that is concerned. But it's a situation which we obviously watch, and we want to be able to get people and to have the country still work and be able to ship product out. So we'll watch that. As far as the impact on future LNG projects, I don't think anyone -- I don't think the situation here is going to have a single impact here on people looking at LNG projects. They know the Middle East is a tough place to operate. They've operated there for years with these projects, so I'd still see projects going forward. The other thing is that a lot of the development on LNG right now is really occurring in the Australia area and Indonesia area.
Paul E. Huck: Yes. Mark, I'll let Scott speak on this. One of the things which you got to realize here is that as we invest capital, new capital for growth, we do increase our borrowing activity. So it looks like we are going to borrow to pay a dividend. In actuality, we are leveraging our product -- our projects as they go in. We make an equity contribution and a debt investment in these things -- for those things. And so -- and that depends upon the type of project. Certainly, an on-site project, which we're seeing a lot of our projects being right now, we're putting a lot more debt against those projects for us. In general, I don't see this concerning us going forward as far as the structure of the balance sheet.
Paul E. Huck: Well, on Tonnage -- and they have had a good start to the year. You're right, poor thing. I think towards the top end of the range, you're going to look at that as one of the things which is going to drive us there. So perhaps as we look at the full year that -- and that we have business which is going well, and we hope is continue to go well.
Paul E. Huck: In this quarter against the prior year, that's right. And as I said, it was the prior year amount of spending which we didn't expect going into the quarter 1 of last year, but we had about $0.03 a share which was favorable year-over-year.
Paul E. Huck: No. I think as we move forward, so if we go into quarter 2, right, as we look at quarter 2, quarter 2 is going to be down in the Tonnage area because of increased maintenance, which comes about by the turnarounds. And we get -- and not only the cost impact, but we also get the volume impact of that flowing through also.
