Nelson Squires: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning, and welcome to Air Products Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference. This is Nelson Squires. Today, our CFO, Paul Huck, and I will review our fiscal Q3 results and outlook. We issued our earnings release this morning and it is available on our website, along with the slides for this teleconference. Please go to airproducts.com, and click on the scrolling red banner to access the materials. Instructions for accessing the replay of this call, beginning at 5 p.m. Eastern Time, are also available on the website. Please turn to Slides 2 and 3. As always, today's teleconference will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations regarding important risk factors. Please review the Safe Harbor language on these slides and at the end of today's earnings release. Now I'll turn the call over to Paul.
Nelson Squires: Yes, Kevin. This is Nelson. We've been working very hard at that, and what we've been trying to do is implement some of the best practices that we're using around the world of when we see cost increases such as power, et cetera, that we get right out there and move those into the customer base, and so some of the subsidies have relaxed in China and so we've been very diligent, and we are seeing, as I said in the prepared remarks, real price improvement in China. Our overall picture in China looks pretty positive. The Electronics pricing has stabilized, which is a very positive development, and I realize you asked a question about Merchant, but pricing in the region is pretty decent these days and on the right trend.
Nelson Squires: Certainly, the strength that we've seen in the last couple of quarters and what we expect in the fourth quarter is going to be largely driven by the consumer products. Certainly, the iPhone, the iPad, et cetera where we're seeing extreme demand for memory and that's doing -- our memory customers are doing quite well. Certainly, some of our flagship customers like Intel have also reported very strong results and strong guidance, and we are the key supplier to these top-tier customers such as Intel, Samsung, TSMC, and so we're going to certainly see the benefit of that. I should point out also that our top-tier customers' utilization probably crossed 90% in the quarter, which is another good sign, and we actually expect rates at our customers to pretty much hold up to maybe slightly increase in the fourth quarter.
Nelson Squires: We are rapidly filling up capacity there. We're probably around 90% in key products at this point in time.
Nelson Squires: P.J., this is Nelson. We are not seeing that. It's something that's obviously is very important to us. And as we've said to all of you many times before, typically, when you read about it, we already know about it because we're so far back in the supply chain. But as we have looked at our key customer demand and have mapped it out, certainly for the next three to six months, we have a pretty good feel on things, and we do not see any signs of an inventory overhang at this point.
Nelson Squires: Mike, this is Nelson. Yes, there is a lag. It's the way the contracts operate. We basically recalibrate that portion of the price, typically a quarterly basis and so that has lagged. And we would expect that to subside going forward as natural gas prices basically stabilize versus what we have seen over the year-on-year and fairly significant drops still.
Nelson Squires: Yes, Mike, it's a great question. And as Paul said during the call in one of the questions, we are certainly poised to be right there. Our margins would've been 100 basis points higher or so this quarter. We expect equal or better performance in the fourth quarter. It puts us very close, so there are still some loading that needs to occur. We have the capability and capacity to achieve that, but with what we expect to see in silicon growth for next year, which is going to be moderating. This year will be well over 30% in our fiscal year, it'll lower than that next year. We still expect enough volume growth to get us over the 15% margin.
Nelson Squires: Mike, when we provided our outlook for the fiscal year back in October, we basically thought that Europe would be down for the first half of our fiscal year and then our second half, up sequentially from our first half. So the comps are still tough but we are seeing, as you can see in the numbers, the volume improvements, largely in line with some improved manufacturing numbers that we're seeing in Europe. Northern Europe is strongest but Eastern Europe, Poland, the Czech Republic have come back pretty nicely. Southern Europe is still a problem, but we're not seeing anything different than that as we look at that economy. We've always expected this to be a slow ride back and we're not seeing any systemic or micro changes that would take us away from that opinion at this point.
Nelson Squires: Yes, David. We really, if you take away the impact of liquid hydrogen and look at pure price, and then look at LIN/LOX or nitrogen/oxygen, we are seeing positive pricing. So pricing has remained a pretty good story for us. We have not seen any leakage from that standpoint. It's a tough market to get price in, but the team is doing an excellent job of maintaining price and getting price where we are seeing cost increases in areas where power is being deregulated or just general power increases. We expect to be able to keep up with that going forward.
Nelson Squires: Yes, as a matter of fact, we'll see those come on stream earlier than the full investment. There's a great opportunity there. We're the first mover in that region. We'll be the first major gas company in the region. So yes, we will be bringing Merchant capacity there.
Nelson Squires: Well, certainly, we're well ahead of trend in Asia with regards to growth. We expect the North American numbers to improve a bit next year. We think we're in a slow steady improvement there. Europe, as Paul said earlier, we think the manufacturing trend will continue to improve. And so we think we'll begin to see a more normal profile over the next, let's say four to six quarters in terms of what our growth rates look like.
Nelson Squires: Yes, Lucy this is Nelson. Our customers still have a fair amount of capacity. As Paul pointed out, we're coming back from a pretty significant down, with silicon being down 59% at the bottom of the recession, so there is still capacity available. What's encouraging about the state of affairs for our customers is that in places like memory, we're actually seeing pricing go up in memory. And so, it does look like they're being more disciplined about how they add CapEx. But as you can see from the Samsung announcement from us yesterday, some of our key customers are beginning to loosen the purse strings again and move forward. So we think it actually will allow for a normal progression from here, solid silicon growth rates, CapEx coming on in a logical manner and hopefully giving us some multiple years here of stability.
Nelson Squires: Thanks, Lauren. Please go to our website to access a replay of this call beginning at 2 p.m. today. Thank you for joining us, and have a nice day.
Paul Huck: Sure, John, and one of the things which you should realize is that the projects which we're working on, those are going to come out in 2012, 2013. However, we are in the planning stages as we look at this, and so as we look at the full year impact of this year's projects and the projects in which we'll be bringing on for 2011, it's probably around $0.30 a share or so in growth for us, 5% to 6% growth of EPS when you look at this. It's what it'll add to us.
Paul Huck: Yes, and it cost us a couple of cents. John, the important thing when you translate that out and you just put that on to the segment margins, it takes the segment margins up 100 points or so, 100 basis points.
Paul Huck: Yes, Kevin. A good point on this thing, on Electronics, is you have to remember is that going from our quarter two to quarter three, it goes up on a seasonal basis as production normally picks up in that time because Asia has the New Year impact in quarter two. Most of this business exists in Asia today.
Paul Huck: Well, the first goal, Paul, is to get it above 20% and maintain it above 20%, and we will look to keep raising those goals. So we had a long-term margin improvement goal of getting to -- and 70% as a company. In that, for two key divisions, we set goals of 20% in Merchant and 15% on the Electronics and Performance Materials area. As you can see, we are well on track to achieving those goals for us, and so if you get it to 20%, your next goal is to get it to 21% and sustain it there and keep walking up, but we felt we had a large improvement program and which we are doing there. We are going to always be looking as far as the businesses to increase margins, to reduce cost, deliver productivity and value to the bottom line.
Paul Huck: Yes, it is. As I said in the call, we expect our capital expenditures over the next few years to grow 15% to 20% per year.
Paul Huck: We are expecting the same sort of return which we get around the world. This is obviously based upon the risk that we see. India is a riskier country than the United States, and so our returns are higher in India, but we will not compromise the returns on our projects to go out and win business.
Paul Huck: On the NF3, P.J., one of the things that would cheer us is that we still have the -- on the Ulsan plant to bring all those lines up, so we do have ability to expand, to bring that up, and then we will wind that plant up, and I'm sure we will be able to produce more over time too.
Paul Huck: Yes, it is, but we don't have -- and all of the lines are not up. We still have capability to, yes, bring more, add more lines up.
Paul Huck: The answer on the lag question is that it fits with the economy and where they sit. The investment activity in Europe is obviously very slow at this point in time, so there is a drag on Packaged Gases in there. So there is not a cause for concern here. We are seeing a normal recovery type of activities at this point in time. The countries in which we've been hurt the most have been the ones in the South: Spain, Portugal, Italy as examples. Those are the ones which have the largest drags on them right now because their economies have been hurt the most.
Paul Huck: Yes. If you look at it, the one thing we should look at is the manufacturing activity, is something, which is starting to point up, so that's good news. The other measure is investment activity. That's still pointing downward, so nonresidential construction is a good one. For the others, there's some other one as far as investment is concerned. But that is trending down and so that is somewhat of a drag.
Paul Huck: Yes, Mike. And the thing -- is reason why I have a wider range is on the currency for us. I mentioned that we had B. Currency kind of dragged us down about $0.02 against our guidance last quarter in here and it's a continuing drag, so it's about $0.05 for the last half of the year for us. So that volatility in currency is why I put a greater amount of movement up or down in that thing. I just -- normally, currency rates have not been fluctuating as much and that's why I don't think there's any more volatility in the business. We have a pretty good look on the economy going forward for us, and we still feel that it's playing out as we expected, which is for just good steady, slow growth here in the U.S. It's starting to turn in Europe in the second half, which we're starting to see. And Asia it had a B coming up, but it's not going to grow as strong year-over-year, but it's still going to be the best growth in the world. So we think our economic assumptions are still fine. They don't cause any more concerns for us going forward.
Paul Huck: And Mike, in the return which these guys actually have done through the year is actually above our plan, obviously. This has been a very good year in Electronics for us, and we're proud of what these people have achieved.
Paul Huck: Well, certainly, Mike. And we have 17% as a goal there, we never would say, we want to stop there. We still think there is improvement for us, to improve margins and returns, deliver more value to shareholders, so we are kind of look at that as something which goes out. So if you take a look at our plans going out, we obviously have plans to increase both margins and returns in the future.
Paul Huck: The return profile of the backlog is really unchanged. We are in the low- to mid-teens on a DCF [discounted cash flow] basis, when you look at that for fully costed for all corporate costs and everything else.
Paul Huck: And we're having success around the world. So we have projects, which are coming in here in the U.S. We have products in Europe, which we're winning projects in Asia. Now Middle East, I'll tell you this, is that Asia is going to be the area of the greatest investment for us. It's where most of the manufacturing expense is happening, but we are not ignoring the U.S., Europe. The Middle East remains an opportunity for us, which we continue to work on. We've had a few orders there, and we would expect to get some in the future.
Paul Huck: That is sale of gas. The Pucheng Clean Energy Corp. is a sale of gas. It's actually the largest sale of gas order we've ever taken in the company's history, so we're pretty excited about that.
Paul Huck: Mark, the other thing on that project is it's also a great success story for us and our engineering team in what we've done, if you really get a good plan solution. As you know, in this business, having the right plan for the customer and the right plan solution is we think in the gasification area that we have the right plan solution here and for these plants in China, so we would expect orders to follow on in this area too.
Paul Huck: And that's on the plan for PPCEC (sic) [PCEC], the PetroChina plant is a hydrogen plant market, and that's how you say it. But that also goes with -- and we also announced a previous order for that same site on the oxygen side, which we won earlier in this year, and we will also have a liquefier on that.
Paul Huck: And Mark, to comment on it a little bit, I think the thing that you have to look at in the Merchant area is, that of the underlying growth rate from quarter-to-quarter was 3% up, so that's a good return and do some more growth. Europe has turned, and Europe's is not small for us in this. And so Europe has started to turn and the Liquid Bulk business, improving, Packaged Gas business is not yet improving. It's going to be a few quarters before that starts to improve and once we see that, I think, you'll see the growth rates start to pick up more.
Paul Huck: I would not see -- and the sales growth in that area is going to be large, quarter-to-quarter in the near term. The LNG margins are much better, and they're better than the air separation margins. So they've actually improved the margins as sales have declined a little bit this year for us, and the air separation mix has gotten less to the LNG mix for us.
Paul Huck: Yes, there is. And we obviously had a good quarter, here, in this business, but the margins -- and they move a little bit around. I mean, it's the absolute profit in which we pay a lot of attention to in this business in the value delivered, because that's a real measure of value added and not sales.
Paul Huck: And there is a sign of improvement as we've gone on. But as I said before, the economy is slow and steady. It is not going to be fast. We are starting to lap the improvement, the pickup which we saw. We started to see pickup in quarter three of last year, and so we have not gone down. Prior to this, what we were seeing is declines in volumes and now we're starting to see when we're lapping increases in volumes. So we are pleased by the progress in the business here as far as volume is concerned. The other thing is that the performance on price has been very good for us here, and we're going to maintain our discipline and stay at that. But overall, we believe that the progress in which we're making here, as far as volume is concerned, fits with what we're seeing in the underlying economy. We run correlations to that all the time.
Paul Huck: And Chris, and the comment was that it seasonally increases from our quarter two to quarter three. And so -- and that's the March quarter to the June quarter.
Paul Huck: In June to September, yes, as far the customer operating rates, and they would be typically about the same unless they start to see some growth. And we're starting to see some of those guys, the operating rates, pick up a little bit more. So we predict a good quarter for us in Electronics on the volume side. Everything in that business looks solid. There's been some concerns on people building the inventory end of this. We are not seeing those builds come through from our customer or their concerns about that.
Paul Huck: Our position, that is a simple majority. They have obviously come back and said that it is not -- it requires -- it's governed under something else, another bible. We believe it's quite clear that we should prevail on this. It has not been challenged in court yet, so there has not been a ruling on it for things. As far as Airgas is concerned, we think we have made good progress. We are positioned well. A lot of stock has moved to the ARBs and the hedge funds and real progress on the FTC, which I mentioned earlier here. Our price, as far as things, and we made them move here to get more shares in the hands of ARBs. We think that was well timed, and we think that happened. We still have a top price and a limit there. That has not changed. As far as that -- is we do not need to do this deal. Everyone should maintain and understand. We will not chase this price up. We will not get into a bidding war on this thing as far as I'm concerned. But we think we are positioned well with the stock moving to ARBs and the progress with the FTC, which gives us real advantage.
Paul Huck: Yes. Well, as far as the trend here from quarter-to-quarter, one of the things which you should remember is that we had a distinct impact of the cost reduction efforts, which occurred in quarter three last year for us and so we had a distinct margin improvements, which were driven by costs. So our comparables got a little bit tougher. Yes, pension is up. Pension's been up for the whole year. We are on track to deliver the $0.35 of improvement from cost for the year. Cost performance should get a little bit better as I go from quarter three to quarter four. There are a few things in this quarter such as Electronics restructuring costs, et cetera, which had for us. But we are in a good position as far as costs has been. Costs are not leaking back in, our margins show that.
Paul Huck: Yes, Bob. I do not think that, and that we're going to see, a growth rate in the 30% range. If I had -- and we're trying to look right now. I would think the thing which we're going to have is something in the low-double digits. Remember they went to a fairly easy comp for them because they dropped so much, and that's why the growth rates are so high. But we have been pleased by these markets, I mean, Electronics has proven the bounce back very well. And it's also been proven that something that consumers want to buy as consumer spending has returned.
Paul Huck: And that comes from -- and the outlook on the business in which we're thinking, and we get TP [ph] and we get information from our customers all the time, and we watch volumes, we watch volume trends. We've had good signings and as we start to bring those signings on stream, we see just a solid slow growth in the business in Europe. LOX/LIN has started to pick it up, LAR has started to pick up on a sequential basis. Packaged Gases has not picked up yet, so that's still an upside for us. But overall, on a year-on-year basis, all those things considered, we had a fairly good improvement over the prior year and a decent improvement sequentially. So we expect that to continue. So it's not going to be a B, Bob. It's a long, slow ride.
Paul Huck: We are currently working on a number of opportunities there. It's always tough to predict when an award is going to happen, but we would hope for an award sometime within the next year.
Paul Huck: About 20% against prior year in this quarter. And that has to do with all the new capital, which we're bringing on. And if you look on the year-to-date, we're about 8%.
Paul Huck: Jeff, it is always hard to take a month and compare it. And so I never get overly excited by a month because we have holidays around the world, which fall in months which are different and things like that.
Paul Huck: No. What I'll try to do is I'll try to give you the trend here in which we're seeing. So as far as growth rates are concerned, and this goes on a sequential basis, I think we are seeing kind of slow sequential growth around the world every month. Things are getting better a little bit. We have not seen anything roll over, which gives us any concern from an economy side of things, and things which change from things. But we aren't seeing a tremendous acceleration either. So for this quarter, we saw, on Europe, and we saw them turn a little bit more positive for us, but that was as expected. It fit with our plan. Asia trends, obviously, they had a B. We expect them to not be as strong next year-over-year. They had an easy comp this year. The United States, I think, we expect the growth rate to be kind of slow and steady and fits with what we have seen. So anything growing in the summer, I think we're expecting sequential growth for us.
