Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you, Scott. We have now seen how Air Products performed during the months of January, February and March of 2020. I would like to add that we did have a good month of March despite the evolving crisis in Europe and Americas. But I am sure our investors want to know what we are seeing as of today in the month of April. This is what I can share with you. First of all, as I speak to you now, just about all of our 750 plants around the globe are operating and supplying essential products to our customers. The 52% of our sales, and I'll repeat, 52% of our sales that is our on-site business around the world is doing well, and we expect this to continue. In Asia, our merchant volumes have returned to pre-crisis levels, and some product lines are actually higher than last year. In Europe, our merchant volumes are down about 25% in the month of April, although this seems to have improved slightly in the past week. The main impact in our volumes in Europe is in our packaged gases business. In Americas, our merchant volumes are down about 15% in April and seemed to be stable over the last week. Please note that we do not have a packaged gases business in the United States. Although it is encouraging to see some improvement in the number of COVID-19 cases and a flattening of the curve in certain areas around the world, but we all need to realize that significant uncertainty still exists regarding the duration of this crisis, the pace of recovery and the negative impact on the global economy. Given this uncertainty, Air Products is not providing fiscal third quarter EPS guidance, and we believe it is prudent to withdraw our prior fiscal year 2020 EPS and CapEx guidance. While we are not providing guidance, I would like to remind you of a framework you can use yourself to think about Air Products' business in this complicated time. Together, the stability of our on-site business around the world and the continued normal volumes in Asia represent about 2/3 of our business. And we don't expect much impact on this 2/3 percent of our sales as we move forward during the balance of the year. For the other 1/3, which is our merchant business in America and Europe, we do expect an impact in quarter 3 and for the full year. But given the level of uncertainty, we are not in a position to quantify. But one way to think about the potential impact is by assuming that the merchant volumes in these parts of the word align with industrial production. So for example, if both Americas and Europe merchant volumes were to be reduced by 25% for a single quarter because industrial production has dropped by about 25%, this would impact our Air Products earning per share by about 30% to 35% per share, which is 3% to 4% of our annual EPS. And finally, please turn to Slide #18. In these challenging times, our competitive advantage as always is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. Our strong financial position and robust business model will allow us to continue to execute our strategy, to create long-term shareholder value and to increase our dividend as we have done for the past more than 30 years. The projects in our backlog continue as expected, and there continues to be significant opportunities to invest in projects in our core business. Most importantly, we will continue to protect our people's health and safety and take care of their welfare and the welfare of their families. Let me end today by thanking our 17,000 people again for their commitment and hard work, for demonstrating the true character of Air Products. Our success yesterday, today and tomorrow depends on their dedication and commitment, and I am very proud to say that the Air Products team is demonstrating that to the fullest extent under the most extreme conditions. We are proud -- we are very proud to play a critical role and make a difference to the world during these challenging times by keeping our plants running and providing critically immediate industrial gases to keep people alive. This is our higher purpose at Air Products. And to everyone listening today, let us remember that we are all in this crisis together and we will come out of this thing together and we will win together. Stay safe. Stay healthy. And now we will be more than happy to answer any questions that you have. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, obviously, we have given you a guidance about the fact that for every dollar that we invest you should expect approximately $0.10 of operating profit. So you can convert that to EPS impact very easily. At this point, I think that's the guidance I want to give you, but once we actually close, then we will be a little bit more specific. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: No. Our on-site business, as we have always said, we get a fixed monthly fee for running our plants and providing product to our customers. Whether they are operating at 100%, 90% or 80% doesn't make much of a difference. And you have seen that fully demonstrated during the second quarter where there was obviously a lot of pressure on everybody around the world and in China and all of that. So that doesn't affect us that much. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: With all due respect, John, I would like to disagree with you in terms of the fact that most of those investments in our backlog are in merchant. They really are not. Most of them are in our on-site model. So as a result, I don't expect much of an issue with that as they come in. I think they are mostly on-site business with fixed BFCs. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: So they did come on and they are very small in terms of the context of the thing, and some of them actually replaces some older plants. So I don't expect that to be material at all, John. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: I think you should be thinking on that part of our business that it's business normal. And actually, the current crisis might actually create opportunities that some of the people who were reluctant to sell some of their kind of industrial gas plants that they own, that they might be thinking about maybe divesting of those and generating some cash. So I actually think that our -- the pace of what we have been doing will continue and maybe actually accelerate. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yes, I do. Our business in Asia is doing fine right now. And as I said in my comments, some of the product lines are actually higher than last year. So I do expect an improvement in our Asia segment next quarter. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Kevin, that is driven by just one project, which is Jazan. As I said, we expect that project to close in October. Now if it closes on September 28, the capital expenditure, which is significant, will be in our 2020 numbers. If it closes on October 2, it will be in 2020, '21. That is why we didn't want to -- since we don't know exactly when the project is going to close, that is why we withdrew that guidance so that we don't create an issue of having said something and it becomes a few -- 1 week or 2 weeks back and forth, and it would significantly change that. That investment is not $200 million, it's billions of dollars. So as a result, that is why we wanted to shy away from confirming the capital expenditure, Kevin. That's the only one actually. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Sure. Number one, what I said is that if the industrial production drops 25%, and as a result of that both Europe and Americas drop 25%. That is not the case as we see. As I said, European volumes, as we see it in April, down 25%, but in the U.S., it's only 15%. But I just wanted to give you some guidance that if both of those things dropped 25% for the quarter, then the impact for the quarter will be about 30% to 35% -- $0.30 to $0.35, which is 3% to 4% of our total EPS approximately for the year. So the effect will be $0.30 to $0.35 for that quarter, assuming that everything goes down 25%. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: What -- just to put it in context, CO2 -- first of all, your statement is absolutely correct. But in terms of Air Products, CO2 is 1% of our sales in the U.S. and 5% of our sales in Europe. Europe doesn't have a problem now. So in the U.S., it is a very, very small part of our business. So it's not going to have any kind of a material impact on our business, and we are not going to be able to do something to help the situation because it's such a small part for us there. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Look, related to CO2, as I said, for us, it's such a small business. We haven't seen much of an impact on our business, and we haven't had to do anything significantly unusual. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: No. On LOX/LIN, argon and all of that, thanks to the outstanding efforts of our people, they get up in the morning, they go to work, they obviously wear the proper protective equipment, but we have kept all of our plants running, all of our supply chain. And we haven't had any issues of not delivering to a customer or not being able to meet customer demand. So I'm very proud of that. And we have kept our company running, and we have supplied products to all of our customers with no shortages and no disruption. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: When we have a plant like a hydrogen plant that is supplying a refinery, we obviously can only take our plant down for maintenance when they take their refinery down. Because if we take our plant for maintenance and refinery is operating, then we will create a disruption for the refinery. So we coordinate our downtimes very, very closely with the refinery. So what we are saying is that some of the refineries might decide to move their maintenance to another quarter, and as a result of that we would not take our plant down. As a result of that, we would not have to do the maintenance and therefore that might be a favorable impact on our bottom line. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Excellent question. Let me just be very specific. You're right, the numbers that we publish is for all of our business. But I can give you, and we have been open about this thing before, in terms of price increases for our merchant business, year-over-year, Americas was up 6%, Europe was up 5% and Asia was up 6%. So those are the facts in terms of the second quarter. Now what is going to happen in the future, we have a policy of not to comment on prices for the future because of the nature of our industry. So -- I'm sure you understand that well why I wouldn't do that because it's not appropriate. But those are the facts in terms of what we have seen up to now. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yes. I will answer that question, Steve. You're right, we have committed 2/3. We have another almost 2.5 years to go to commit the other 1/3. In terms of giving you a rolling 5-year, yes, we will do that, but we will not do that now. We will do that probably next year to give you a view for the next 5 years after 2022. With respect to the nature of the projects or any slowdown, quite frankly, we don't see any reason for the slowing down of those mega projects that we are very much attached to as a result of the virus thing, at least at this stage. So we continue to remain very optimistic about the robust nature of our fundamental strategy as we go forward in terms of focusing on gasification, carbon capture and hydrogen full mobility. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, Jeff, first of all, you understand our business very, very well. Secondly, you're asking an excellent question. My response to that is that if -- the driver for growth of Air Products, which we are committed to 10% a year EPS growth, is not the merchant volumes going up and down, is the investment in new opportunities and new projects coming down the stream. That is what has been driven our business. If you look at our past 5 years, we have the level accumulative average growth rate of 13% on EPS. That is driven -- it was driven some by the cost structure that we took out and made ourselves more efficient. And we are done with that. As we go forward, the main driver is going to be the new projects that we are bringing on stream, and they are going to be significantly accretive. And that is why no matter what happens to our merchant business, I'm still very optimistic that we will be able to grow our EPS 10% a year as we move forward on the long term. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, Jeff, this is the general discussion we have always had is that these projects are not driven by financials, they're driven by national security. Oil might be $2 -- at $10 or $20. But coal, 3% softwood coal, which is sitting in the ground, is worth 0. So when you take that and convert that to chemicals, it still pays to do that. That is why we believe that these projects will still continue. And then the other thing is that in terms of our gasification, please remember, and I know you know this very well that you're not just talking about coal gasification, you're talking about gasification of pet coke. People are not going to be able to burn pet coke. 6% pet coke is not going to be something that people are going to consume. You have to convert that to something else, and the only way to do that is gasification. At the bottom of the barrel in the refinery is 6%, and you cannot sell it to ships because of IMO 2020. Then you have to gasify it. So the gasification is not just coal. Right now, the biggest gasification project that we are doing is the [ $2.5 billion ] project in Jazan. That has nothing to do with the coal, it is the gasification of the bottom of the barrel of the refinery. So when we talk about gasification, it's a combination of all of these things. And that's why we continue to remain optimistic, whether oil is $25 or $40 or $60. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: We do not. I mean I'm sure some of our hydrogen customers might be operating below capacity, but we haven't seen a drop in -- we have not seen a drop on hydrogen volumes from our pipeline. But I don't know in the future that might be the case, but it doesn't affect us, as we have discussed before. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yes. The thing is that, unfortunately, as I mentioned, I think, on our January call, we were supposed to have a big meeting on that thing in the month of February in China, but obviously, that didn't happen. The issue with that project has not changed. It's still the issue of coal allocation, and we are going to kind of put a target for ourselves that by the time that we announce our results at the end of October, we would give you a definitive answer about whether that project is a go or no go. We are still optimistic that, that is going to be a real project. But I do promise you that by the end of October we will give you a definite answer on that, rather than just keeping it kind of in suspense. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: No. No material cyclicality. No, there isn't. As you have seen during 2008, and as we have demonstrated in the last few months, it's a pretty robust business, the way we have it structured, PJ. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: It's obviously the growth is related to new projects, but we usually do not quantify that because then we will be giving away too much information. But obviously, during January, February and March, merchant volumes in China were down, just like they are going to be down in this coming quarter in Europe and the U.S. But we did have new projects coming on stream. And as a result, it made up for it. That is what I was saying in answering the other question that the main growth driver for Air Products is all of the work we have done in the past 6 years with new projects that are beginning to come on stream, and you're going to see a lot of that coming on stream in 2021, '22, '23, which would put us in an excellent position. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Chris, first of all, with PBF, we have known these people very well. They are an excellent company, and we have a very good relationship with them. We have been supplying them hydrogen for a long time. So the subject of acquiring their hydrogen plants has been discussed in the last 2 or 3 years. But it became -- we made a specific offer to them -- I can tell you historically, we made a specific offer to them in October. At that time, they didn't want to -- they took their time to take a look at it. And then finally, in March, we made a very -- even more a specific offer, which they were interested in taking a look at it. But their requirement was that if we can do the transaction in a speedy way, which we said we can, and as a result, we did it during the time that we did. In terms of the other question that you have with respect to carbon capture opportunities, obviously, in California, there are significant incentives for if you can capture carbon, and obviously we have a lot of steam methane reformers, and now we have even more steam reformers in California that do generate CO2. And therefore, it makes sense for us to take a look at whether we can capture the CO2 from these things and do something with it, whether it is enhanced oil recovery or sequestration or whatever, to capture some of that value. So yes, we are looking at that. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Sure. In terms of the market sectors, obviously, the oxygen demand for hospitals, the demand has gone up. We do not have a huge business on that in the U.S. but we do have a very big business for hospitals in Spain and Italy and in some other parts of Europe. So the demand for oxygen is obviously up because of the situation. Full freezing demand has relatively kept up pretty well. Obviously, the areas where you see reduction in demand is basic industries and especially smaller industries that use for oxy-fuel burners and all of that for all of the manufacturer. And in terms of helium, the helium, most of the helium goes with MRI machines and that hasn't slowed down. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: You're asking me to give you a lot more detailed information than we usually give to people. But overall, if you want to do the kind of calculation that you want to do, there isn't a huge amount of difference between the margins. Americas is higher than Europe but it is not as if one is 10%, another one is 40% there. They are not too different, let me put it that way. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I think on that, what I can say is that obviously China did a great job in terms of dealing with the virus. I mean, they had a hard shutdown, which affected volumes and all of that significantly. But they took the pain and they contained the virus. And then when they opened the society back up in a normal way, then the volumes came back. So if in Europe and in the U.S., we act responsibly, the way they did, and have a hard shutdown and then open up our society responsibly, things will come back. But I just hope that we do the same thing that they did in China. The Chinese did a great job in containing this virus. It started there, but you know the statistics in terms of the number of cases they have. And right now, the Chinese society is functioning normally, and that is why our volumes are up. And actually, there are people who argue that actually the Chinese economy might benefit from what is going on because if Europe and the U.S. have issues to deal with, and industrial production and so on is down, then China has to make up for that and also for their own demand. So the Chinese economy might actually become better than it was before. But -- I mean, it all depends in terms of how we end up handling the situation in the U.S. and in Europe and how we come back from that. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: So that is obviously the bulk of the decline. And also the consumer is not consuming the stuff and people are not producing that. But I'd just like to add that we feel can obligate -- as you know, we never, during our calls, comment on the current month. We don't comment on things in the middle of the quarter. But we decided to do that because of the focus that everybody has and we gave you the numbers as we see them in April. We are not projecting that those numbers will continue. We are not projecting that Europe will go down 25% the next month. We just told you what we see at this moment because we don't know how it's going to proceed.  Next month, if Europe decides to open up some of the areas because they feel more confident, that 25% might become 10%. So the main reason that we didn't give you guidance is because we just don't know and we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. But please take what we said in the context of what we are seeing. We are not projecting for you, we are not projecting that the U.S. merchant volumes will be down 25%. We just gave you an example of that. I've told you exactly what we see as of right now. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the decision of how we've increased the dividend and how much we'd increase it by is obviously the decision by our Board of Directors. And the Board considers all of the different circumstances before they make that recommendation. But the one thing that I can tell you for sure is that we definitely are not decreasing the dividend. And my intent is to recommend to the Board to increase the dividend. The issue is by what percentage, and that I cannot kind of give you a number for that. We will see how it is. But you see our historical performance and we definitely are not going to decrease the dividend. And the amount of increase, we would like to increase it, I would like to increase it, and the amount of increase will be something that our Board will decide in January, as we usually do. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: The ASUs are still owned by us, and they are -- when you say running, they are being commissioned. We are not yet supplying oxygen for production to the refinery yet. But they are -- but the important thing is that we are getting the BFC per our contract with Aramco, or the ASU, which we own 25%. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, first of all, helium demand, there are 2 main drivers for helium demand. One main driver is obviously the MRI machines. And unfortunately, those things are in more demand than they had before. Then the other thing -- the other for helium is balloons, birthday parties and all of that. That is a flexible demand. And depending on the price that business goes up and down. So in terms of helium demand, we have not seen a significant reduction on the demand. And as you said, the supply is still tight. But I would like to be excused from making too many comments about helium because it's obviously a very sensitive subject, considering the market and all of that, and I don't want to get ahead of ourselves in making too many comments about that. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, if you're talking about -- we obviously know how to capture the carbon and clean it up and all of that. Then the question becomes if -- just -- if you are doing EOR, we just put it in a pipeline and it goes for EOR. If it is a question of sequestering it, the know-how for the sequestration obviously belongs to some of the companies like Schlumberger, they can use all of that. And obviously, in those kind of situations, we will be either using them as subcontractors or something like that. I mean, I don't want to get too much into the details of that. But you know the system very well on how it works, yes?  Okay. With that, since that was the final question, I would like to thank everybody for being on our call. Thanks for listening to our presentation. We appreciate your interest and look forward to discussing our results with you next quarter. And as I said earlier, please stay safe, stay healthy, and all the best to all of you. And thank you again. 
