Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you again, Simon. Before we take any questions, I would like to make a few comments about our outlook. Please turn to slide number 16. As we move forward, I want to report to our shareholders that Air Products is in a very strong position. In the past 2.5 years, we have totally reorganized the Company in accordance with our Five-Point plan. We have implemented meaningful productivity plans, resulting in 1,000 basis improvement in our margins. We have put in place a very robust and effective regionally focused organization with highly qualified managers in place. Our safety performance has vastly improved an indication that they have the engagement and participation of all of our 16,000 employees. The productivity programs we have implemented and the new ones under way will continue to drive our earnings per share as they have done in the past 10 quarters. In addition, we have focused our portfolio on our core Industrial Gases business, and as a result of the divestment of non-core assets, we now have an excellent balance sheet, which is, by far, the best in the industry. Reflecting our financial strength, this morning, we announced a quarterly dividend increase of $0.09 or 10% to $0.95 per share per quarter for the dividend payable in May. We have never had a larger cent per share dividend increase. We remain confident in the tremendous growth opportunities to invest in our core business, which is Industrial Gases, and our strong financial position allows us to also reward our shareholders directly through dividend increase and profit acquisitions. So, in short, we are confident about the steps of our Company, but we are a global Company with only 40% of our sales in United States. We do not manufacture products in the U.S. that are exported to other parts of the world. We also do not manufacture products in the rest of the world that are imported into United States. Our business is local to where our customers are around the world. Therefore, like any other global company, we are not immune to macroeconomic or geopolitical events that can impact our business. The new administration in United States has not yet articulated its full economic portfolio and policy. In Europe, six months after the referendum, it remains unclear how the UK government will address the exit from the European Union. Is it a soft Brexit, hard Brexit or Brexit at all now that the UK Parliaments has to vote on the issue. In addition, it is impossible to predict how other countries will react to the new economic and political developments in the United States and Europe. All of these events can have significant impact on the level of economic activity and the exchange rates in the areas we operating in. As a result, we are now more cautious in our outlook. Our guidance for the full year 2017 EPS is $6 to $6.25 per share, which at midpoint, is an increase of 9% over last year; one of the most bullish predictions than any other industrial gas or chemical companies that I have heard of. Our guidance for EPS in the second quarter of fiscal ’17, that is next quarter, is $1.30 to $1.40 per share. At this time, I do want to once again thank all of our employees at Air Products for our excellent safety and financial performance in the first quarter. Our entire team is focused on delivering industry leading performance as we move forward. Now, we will be delighted to answer your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, people keep talking about lower guidance. I just want to stress, our guidance is 6% to 11% increase versus last year. So, I mean the stress on the lower kind of is interesting for me. But in terms of why did we take our guidance down, there are four key elements. Number one our base for last year ended up to $0.10 lower than what we thought and we closed our books at the end of September. If you recall, we said it was going to be partial and before. We have reported this public within the beginning of January it is 564, so that is $0.10. Our LNG business is doing worse than we thought because we haven't had any orders for our LNG that is $0.05 more negative. Our volumes, we are being cautious and that will affect us about $0.05. We might be wrong on that but that is what we are forecasting right now. And then the currency is about $0.05 worse. So that adds up-to about $0.25 that is the difference between our guidance today versus it was at the end of October.
Seifi Ghasemi: We are, in general, as we have said many times, focused on making acquisitions that will increase our percentage of on-site business. That is one of the reasons that we are pursuing the acquisition of Yingde, which is a company with almost more than 85% on-site. So that, in general, is the direction that we are going, and we do have a lot of opportunities. We had talked about asset buybacks, most of that asset buybacks are in the on-sight business. So that is a direction that we are going. In terms of geographically, we obviously are focused on areas where we think there is going to be growth. If you look to chasing growth, you have go to places where the population is growing or the standards of living is going up. Because if you don’t have those things you can talk about growth as much as you want but you are not going to get it. So, therefore, we are focused on China, which we believe has great potential. We are focused on India. We are focused on Mexico and we are focused on the Gulf Coast of United States. So, there are some opportunities in Europe and also in Russia. So, we are looking at around the world. But the emphasis is more on the on-site business, which is consistent with what we have said before.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, LatAm -- so let me try to take that in America first. Latin America is weak. We at least are seeing some weakness in Chile. We continue to see weakness in Brazil at least for our own business. So, that is -- we are talking about Latin America, excluding Mexico. Then, with respect to Europe, up to now we have not seen any significant changes. Our business is moving along in kind of a stable way. It's nothing to write home about, but at the same time it is not following the product, so it's kind of a steady thing. The risk in Europe for us is if there is a major shift in currency exchange rates, which is not obviously -- it's just translation, but it could have an effect on the EPS that we report.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that, obviously, we have taken everything into consideration when we looked at that. But that company they have done a very good job and diversified, although their portfolio is not received. They have about 60, 70 customers and they have a lot of good customers and onsite businesses with the chemical sector. So, they have a balanced portfolio. They are not particularly exposed. And we have taken into consideration what the consequences are of the consolidation of the steel industry in China.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I think considering that we are in the middle of these discussions, I think, it would be a very inappropriate for me to make any comments about their contracts, or anything like that. So, you allow us to see -- do the transactions, we can go to all of that with you.
Seifi Ghasemi: Duffy that’s an excellent question, I am very happy to answer that, because I would like to expand on that. Our goal is to maintain our A ratings. Our goal is not to de-lever Air Products. So, if we have the capacity as we buy acquisitions on all of that, we obviously have the capacity to take on more debt. The key thing is that we want net debt to EBITDA to be order of magnitude about 2 to 2.2 to maintain our A rating. As you know, some of the other people in the industry have net debt to EBITDA much higher than that and they still have an A rating. So, our goal is not to stop our growth, because we just want to de-lever to having no debt. Now, we want to maintain our A rating, and whatever that implies in terms of the net debt to EBITDA, that’s what we’ll do.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, obviously that is our intent. As you know, we have the firing power to do a lot more than just acquisition of Yingde. We have a lot of more cash. And as you said, the more EBITDA comes in you can do more. So, we have the capacity to do a lot more. And you can rest assured that we are looking at a lot of different things, and I hope that some of those materialize soon.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, obviously, when we -- these industrial gases, as you know, is a local business, it will cost under local and your income is in low cost. So, there is not too much of a risk, the only risk is translation. And in addition to that if we do those acquisitions, we can always borrow locally, and all of that, set ourselves from exchange rates. That’s the good thing about industrial gases, we are very local business and we do business locally.
Seifi Ghasemi: As I said, since we are in the middle of this thing, I think that would be inappropriate for me to address that. I think if we ever do the deal, we obviously will make a presentation and we will give you all the details about all of our expectations.
Seifi Ghasemi: Vincent, I think what we've said and what we meant to say was that, we don’t know, we didn’t take a position positive or negative. The second thing is that Air Products has been in business for 75 years. During that time, we have had 14 different presidents, we shouldn’t and we don’t run the business on the basis of what political party is in power, because we know things change every four radius. We are looking at the long-term. China is a place that it has the population and the standard of living is going up. Those are the only things that defect economic growth. We see economic growth there for the long-term. Therefore, if we can strengthen our position and be there, I think that would be the right thing to do, and that is our strategy. There might be things in the short-term that might affect things. But we are being paid to look at, keeping Air Products afloat for another 75 years, and taking that view that would be the right place to invest.
Seifi Ghasemi: I would say not very much, because a lot of these big plants get supply the coal gasification facilities do not have liquid attached.
Seifi Ghasemi: I just like to expand on that, because we obviously operate there and we keep track of these things. There was a headline that China has closed on 102 coal-fired power plants. That's a totally different subject than gasification for coal for production of chemicals. That is actually environmentally 10-times more friendly and the Chinese government has not slowed that down, and we don’t see any of that at all. 
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, that’s obviously a very broad question. We do have intellectual property on certain products that we make in terms of applications and so on. But I would say that there isn’that -- nobody that claim that that is going to be make a material difference in terms of their performance with somebody else. We don’t see that, and this is not like intellectual property for software or anything like that. No, that wouldn’t be too much of a big deal.
Seifi Ghasemi: LNG is core business for us for sure, because there is no question that LNG will come back. Any kind of the projection that you look at for the long-term LNG will come back and that in particular is an area where we do have intellectual property. We are going to keep our LNG business for the long-term. We are going to suffer for a two years, but that is the nature of the business. LNG is core to Air Products, we always said that.
Seifi Ghasemi: The reason that we mentioned Mexico is because there is -- Mexico is a country which has significant oil and gas resources. And we see a lot of opportunities there for us in terms of hydrogen, nitrogen, and all that kind of stuff related to the oil industry. The second thing is obviously the country has a depopulation there is a lot of opportunities there. In terms of increasing our shares in core infra, we have very good partners there, we will fit them. Obviously, we always have the ambition of being having a situation that we can consolidate that acquisition. But that is the -- it depends on our partners. We have a very good relationship with them. But if they ever would want us to increase our share, we will be more than happy to do that.
Seifi Ghasemi: I know you are asking me that, and I don’t want to go there because I don’t want to make any comments about that acquisition. Things might or might now become available, so I just want to stay away from that. If they do obviously, it would be interesting.
Seifi Ghasemi: I think the run rate there is going to be nothing to write home about, to be perfectly honest, I mean, because LNG, as I said, it is a core business for us. But the decrease in which that product or that performance has come down was a surprise because we didn’t think that everybody will stop everybody, and this is what they have done.
Seifi Ghasemi: The reason that we are making a comment on the volume is that the main area we are concerned is in Europe, because of the Brexit. That one -- I mean, it hasn’t had significant affect. People say that why are you worried about that, it hasn’t had any significant effect on your business. Of course, it hasn’t had any significant business, because nothing has been done, like it's going on. I mean, UK hasn’t even announced that they are going to a Brexit and they haven't kind of invoked Article 50 yet. What we are concerned about when they actually do that and they do give notice, how would the markets react? So that is what we are being cautious about.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, obviously since they are not building their own asset that would be a great thing for us. Because then the next plant and the next plant that they would win will be built by Air Products. So, we see significant opportunity there. And they are a good company. We have a lot of respect for their people. They have very good people, and we think that the combination of them and the Air Products, will be very good for the employees. It will be good for our customers, because -- and it will give us better position in China. So, there is a lot of positives there.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you. And we are on top of the hour, so we will take one more question and then we end the call. One more question please.
Seifi Ghasemi: Our goal is that, in that chart, is that we will have a margin which is higher than anybody else. I think at 35% EBITDA margin, I have never made a statement that there is lot more room to go. Our goal was to be higher than other people, and which we are. So, we are not forecasting that that margin will significantly improve. All of the productivity programs that we have will go on maintaining that margin, because our costs are going up. But we have never projected that the business has the potential of having much higher margin than that. But if anybody else’s margin goes to 40%, I guarantee you that we will be choosing for 41%. But quite frankly, I don’t see a lot of upside on that margin.
Seifi Ghasemi: Our business in Indura is challenging, because it is mostly packaged gases business and there is not a lot of opportunities to turn that around and have a lot of on-sites because there is not a lot of on-site opportunities in Chile. So, we do have an issue there. Since Corning is responsible for that, I like him to make some comments on that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well,£ thank you very much. Then with that, I would like to thank everybody for being on the call today. Again, thanks for taking time from your very busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day and all the best. Thank you.
Corning Painter: So Katherine I am going to focus mainly on on-sites and liquid bulk. The participation of ourselves and other majors in packaged gases there is a bit small. So, on the on sight basis, it's relatively stable and we see the step changes as new plants come on. Bidding activity is -- we’re in discussion with people and that sort of continues. The liquid bulk side, as I reported in my prepared comments that we continue to see loading of our plants, we continue to see an increase of the loading on the retail sales portion of it. So, all-in-all, I think that’s speaks to despite all or whatever news is out there, a fundamental momentum in the Chinese economy and certainly in our business.
Corning Painter: Probably the most exciting region for us in terms of, let's say on the cost side if you are thinking about margin, was definitely in Europe. And in Europe, typically, France is a net exporter of attractively priced nuclear power and had a number of power stations down at one point I think around 40. And that's really disrupted the power market on the Continent. So, that's been a challenge for us. We’re working to recover that in our business, and that gets an opportunity for this going forward.
Corning Painter: Yes, so pricing in the U.S. somewhat impacted right now, I'd say one of the biggest movers for us is the overall helium in market. And that we continued, I think have gone through a period where we have over-supply and the world is working its way through that. I think looking forward on pricing I'd rather not make too many forward statements in that department. But I think the helium is one very much driven by supply and demand as that gets absorbed and in the U.S. DLM to be helium facility moves towards greater maturity and ultimate closure, I think is going to be an offset to that.
Corning Painter: So, for the Continental Europe, we have a variety of different contracts that are out there. There are some that are formula that takes certain period of time, there is others where we've got the ability to surcharge, and we've started that process. So it depends really customer-by-customer and contract-by-contract. But there is the ability to go get this.
Corning Painter: I would just add, I don’t see coal to chemical slowing down, especially the element of that using industrial gases. Coal and electricity, right, there has been an announcement, but that has nothing to do with the industrial gas market. Clean coal to chemical, I think, remains an area of emphasis in China.
Corning Painter: So, almost $1 billion of our Asia sales are in China. In terms of the pace, there is two elements of what you see reported right now, some of that is associated with new plants and largely utility pass-through, and that’s going to turn a little bit as our customers progressed in starting up their own facilities. In terms of the merchant market, well of course, that’s subject to economic overall conditions. But you can see we have positive momentum there, I think most importantly positive around retail sales.
Corning Painter: Yes, so maybe just to broader picture on the whole South American situation. So, keep in mind when we look at our volumes and how they might compare. First of all, it’s a clean quarter for us. We had no substantial new plants coming on in this timeframe. And also we're much more focused on Linde on Chile. But we also have Columbia and our business in Brazil is there for us as well. We are primarily packaged gases. Packaged gases has been impacted more, maybe just for what it's worth, our liquid bulk volumes in South America are positive for us in this quarter. So, it's not like we’re without momentum in that space.
