Paul Huck: Thanks, Simon. Now if you please turn to Slide 11, I'd like to share my thoughts on our outlook.  Our guidance for quarter two is for earnings per share of $1.36 to $1.40 based on the following factors. On the positive side, we expect to see increased earnings sequentially from the following areas: new plant onstreams, including the Weihe Clean Energy Gasifier project and the Xingtai Steel will add to next quarter's results. We also expect the global manufacturing economy to continue its gradual recovery. And equity affiliate income should be higher.  Partially offsetting these sequential improvements, in Asia, we expect some slowing around the Lunar New Year holidays, and we anticipate a higher tax rate in quarter two. For fiscal year 2011, the underlying assumptions that we shared on last quarter's call remain unchanged. Our capital expenditure guidance also remains unchanged at $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion, up from last year's $1.3 billion. With one quarter completed, we're raising the lower end of our earnings per share guidance by $0.05, revising our full-year guidance range to $5.55 to $5.70 a share.  Now let me give everyone a brief update on our Airgas offer. On December 9, we announced our best and final offer of $70 per share. As we stated in that announcement, it is time to bring this matter to a conclusion. We are disappointed that the Airgas board continues to ignore the will of its shareholders. Airgas shareholders deserve the opportunity to decide for themselves whether they want to accept our $0.70 per share in cash offer.  Now let me wrap up. We are off to a great start in fiscal 2011, with growing sales and earnings. We also continue to make significant improvements in our operating margin and our return on capital. We remain committed to delivering returns for our shareholders that will make us the best investment in the industry. The whole team at Air Products is excited by our opportunities and is focused on driving increasing shareholder value in the future.  Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to John to take your questions.
Paul Huck: Yes, John. I don't think that there was anything on the inventory side which played a factor. I think as we look at this and we look at the Electronics business, we've said this before, is that coming out of the recession, people preferentially spent their money on consumer electronics. And so if people had an extra $200, $500, $1,000 to spend, that money more often found its way into the consumer electronics area than it found its way into other markets. Also being helped are some of the new devices. The success of the iPhone during this time period, the success of the iPad, tablet computers has driven a lot of that. I think the other thing which has proven to be a good thing is that the large-screen TVs, the LCD TVs continue to sell well. They sold very well at Christmas. There were a lot of concerns with people about what sort of things would happen. Was there too much inventory, too much production capacity? We have not seen that. We've seen our customers run very well throughout that, a good back-to-school season, a good holiday season. All that said, there's always going to be some slowing. And there was some slowing for us. The growth sequentially was not as strong as it had been in other quarters. And we would expect, as I said, in the Lunar New Year impact will have a small impact on us there, too, in the quarter, two, but a very solid market. Inventories appear to be in line very well. Customers seem to be operating extremely well, and we're seeing expansions. We're seeing new orders. You saw the announcements which Simon talked about here.
Paul Huck: I want to talk about that. That's a good question here for you and for me to go through this. It involves the accounting and the way you account for inventory for us. First off, one of the things which you want to understand is that overall to the company, the impact of this was about zero. So it was not a negative impact for us as the company is concerned, right? In quarter one, what happens is we take our standards and we change our standards. So we take the value which we put to the inventory on 30 September, and we go out and we adjust it to a new value which we're going to use for standard cost in fiscal year '11. For products which are on LIFO, we're going to reverse that at corporate, that impact. So if you write the standard up, you get a gain. If you write the standard down, you get a loss on that. And what we had in Electronics and Performance Materials area is we had a loss. That probably cost us about 100 basis points in margin overall in that segment for us, so if you're looking at the ongoing impact. But actually, what you're not going to see, going forward, is you're not going to see that impact anymore. So it happened. It's a one-time adjustment. And now the cost going through the P&L will be at the lower standard, so it should have the impact of raising margins for us.
Paul Huck: Sure, Dave. One of the things which you see in the business here within the U.S. is that you see the economic growth is moderating also. So in 2010 in fiscal year for us, we saw an economy within the U.S. which probably grew around 5% on the manufacturing side. We're predicting growth of 3% to 4% in 2011. And the reason why it grew stronger in 2010 was that the inventory pipeline refilled during that time period. But you've seen it -- another example of an industry which has seen some of those is on the steel industry. Steel industry rebuilt their pipeline and then they brought their operating rates back down. So as we look forward, our basic assumptions of a long, slow recovery in manufacturing seems to be holding well. Everyone, I think, was hoping for more of a V-shape. We did not see a V. We did see some inventory rebuild in 2010. But as far as the dynamics in the U.S. economy, we're still dealing with a high unemployment; consumer confidence, which is getting better, albeit it still isn't great with things. And so everyone is doing what I think is the right thing, including us, watching our costs, paying attention to it, going after the business, at which we're advantaged and which we have opportunities for in the future. But as far as a very strong recovery within the United States, I just don't think it's in the cards until consumer confidence and employment get a lot better for us. We have too much of our economy on the consumer end of things. All that said, I don't see it a double-dip either. So I see long, good, steady, solid growth going forward here for the economy.
Paul Huck: Yes. If we look at the size of the backlog right now, it's probably around $1.8 billion or so for us. Capital spending, as we've talked about it, is going to be $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion in 2011. We probably see that also, hopefully, growing in 2012. That's going to depend upon awards which occur in 2011. But there's a number of projects which are out there, especially in countries like China, where production capacity does need to expand for us. So we're very excited about those opportunities. As far as impact on earnings for this year, as we talked about it last quarter, probably $0.30 to $0.40 a share, as far as the onstreams in this year and in last year. A little early to tell what the impact for 2012 is going to be, but I wouldn't expect it to be a lot changed from that.
Paul Huck: I'll answer question two first, because I guess it's probably a little easier for us. As far as the order patterns are concerned, we have not seen that. There's still a lot of bids which need to be decided and awards which should happen. We would expect that in 2011, that award activity, it will pick up in the industry because of those factors, because of the energy. I think as uncertainty starts to come out of the economy, I think that's also something which is actually important. So as people grow less concerned with a double-dip, both here in the United States or Europe or worldwide, order patterns and demand, people will get more confident around that. So I think that leads to improving orders in 2011 for things. If you take a look at the tonnage operating margins, one of the things which we've talked about for a long time is we invest in this business on return and not upon margin of the business. The margin of the business is impacted by a number of factors. First off on the hydrogen end, a hydrogen plant with the same type of contract as an oxygen plant is going to have a lower margin in this business because what happens is the energy passes through and then the cost of the gas is higher. Whether it's a hydrogen plant or an oxygen plant, we make our money by investing money in these plants and running them well for our customers and building them well and good operations and getting efficiencies in the future. We don't care. And so we try not to establish, really, targets. All that said, higher margins are better with those things. And so what we try to pay attention to is the efficiencies of the plants and how we're doing there. And so with the efficiencies of the plants, that is something which we have made good and steady progress on. It's helped in the margins of this business over time and improved things for us with things. But we don't actually set a margin target is the important thing which you have to understand, Laurence. And so we do try to drive the efficiencies and the returns higher. And that's is what is occurring in the business for us as we go forward here.
Paul Huck: If you take a look at the capacity within the U.S., it's certainly offloaded a lot during the downturn. Prices have held well during that time period. So if you look at the way in which we ourselves and our competitors have gone out and worked through on the business, I think we've operated our plants well. We've paid attention to what's happening in our contracts and what's happening to our costs in this business. So I think within the U.S., the business is operating very well. Remember, the U.S. is spread out a lot with things. And Europe tends to be concentrated more. Around the plants, it's just not as big a land area to deal with in that area. And so as far as our concerns are here, we think the U.S. is in fine shape. There's lots of loading capacity and loading of the capacity to occur. We think that offers a great opportunity for us to grow earnings and grow returns within the U.S. Within Europe, I believe we need to get some of our prices higher with our customers. We would like to see the margins in our European business better and the returns better for us. And I think a market which is tighter actually helps us in that vein.
Paul Huck: I think the other thing, P.J., and just to add to what Simon says, is that we have developed a package plant here in this business, which we take and we put in. It is not a very large plant for us. It's about 200 tons a day. And it enables us to go out and to get it into the market early. It's a good efficient cycle for us and gives us a real advantage in moving in to those without creating a huge, large plant to throw down in the area and produce a lot of extra capacity.
Paul Huck: It's certainly higher than the rate which we use for one within the United States or Europe because there's obviously more risk associated with that. So we earn a higher return because we're taking a lot more risk in those areas, obviously.
Paul Huck: I'm not going to give you a number. But if you just think about that, if you take a look at the country in which we're operating in the emerging markets, typically, the cost of capital in those countries is anywhere from 200, 300-plus points higher than within the United States. And then we look to earn a higher return on that, a higher spread because the risk of the loading of those plants is greater.
Paul Huck: We have actually seen it move in the past. So we would expect it to be effective here going forward in the future here.
Paul Huck: As far as the oil sands, Don, we would not expect to see an order any time within the next year or so probably with that, and given what's happening in those areas. But if you take a look at the on-site area for us and where we are, and looking for activities, we continue to pursue jobs within China, certainly, is the area of the largest activity, but also within the U.S., the Middle East are also areas of activity for us, too.
Paul Huck: If you take a look at the signings, the signing activity is very competitive. And so in general, on the new business, which is coming in, the prices are lower for us. If you take a look at the price increases, a lot of that is driven by cost for us and trying to recover cost at this point in time.
Paul Huck: What happens, Don, is that in this market at the loadings, we're able to maintain our margins very well. So that is the good news. We have taken actions on cost, taking action to recover costs, principally our cost as power has gone up, as fuel has gone. We've been able to do a good job of being able to recover those costs. We will continue to do that. I think that's a very positive sign for us going out and looking at -- in trying to take a look at the future for us. So I think the price situation within the U.S. is in good shape and being managed well.
Paul Huck: As far as the business on price, and we have gotten some price increases in that business. Once again, we're trying out there very much to recover our costs, as steel costs and things like that go up. On the volume side, the volumes of that business are still depressed for us and are flat at best at this point in time.
Paul Huck: I think, yes. And we saw some in 2010 also, operating bonuses. The operating bonuses really depend upon the operations of their products, not so much the operations of the base, on the volume of our customers. It really depends upon how well the availability of our plants and the reliability of our plants is.
Paul Huck: Sure. On the inventory impact, obviously there. And then when you look at this, if you take a look at the drop in the Performance Materials sales and what we saw. And volume decline in the area drove a good portion of those changes there, too, for us. So it was related to the mix of the products in which we go through there.
Paul Huck: Yes, and the returns on average have stayed about the same for us, if I look at that on an IRR type of return.
Paul Huck: If you take a look at that, if you take a look at it from the business which Air Products has, we have -- probably about 25% of our sales go into that area.
Paul Huck: If you take a look at that, the other places which happened is that in the other areas, there were some small gains and then there is an offset in corporate which occurs.
Paul Huck: What we would expect is that price is not going to be a large factor going forward in the business for us, either positive, either up or down right now, which is obviously, very good news, given the things which have occurred in our history here.
Paul Huck: Certainly, Brian. First off, I mean as far as on the cost for $0.02, one of the things which you have to consider is we have a $0.25 gain in volume and only $0.02 up in costs. The volume one is done at the contribution margins. So this is all of the fixed costs, which we had, all the drivers and stuff like that. So we're very happy with that sort of performance for us.
Paul Huck: In that area, I think -- and we've talked about this before, is that we sell two perpetual products in that area: the LNG heat exchangers, where 100% of what we supply is value-added, which is the present design; and the exchanger which is manufactured by Air Products. So the margins in that business are higher than in the Air Separation business, where we buy in a lot of the equipment and purchase equipment. We purchase compressors, heat exchangers, et cetera for the customers and bring that. So as a percent of sales, the margin just is not as high in that business. And so the margin for that business drops, moves around a lot. We're very pleased by the growth year-to-year in that business for us. We think that's a good sign for us. LNG has driven that growth as the mix has shifted more to LNG in this past year.
Paul Huck: Yes, that's right. And the margins for the bulk of 2011, given the backlog which we have, is LNG is going to be a strong growth driver throughout 2011 on the profits. Then if we get more orders in the Air Separation area, that will take margins down. But we look at this, it will also contribute profits in this business. We don't have a lot of capital invested. And we get payments in advance, so it's a self-financing business. And so as we look at this, it's something in which we look at it on a project-by-project basis as far as accepting or bidding on jobs.
Paul Huck: Yes. If we take a look at 2011 for us, we probably think about half of the growth overall is going to come from that. And that's what we saw in Q1.
Simon Moore: Maybe I could just add to it. Very good comments, Paul. I think, particularly, for our customers, where we're pleased to have key positions with the industry leaders, their utilization rates were strong through the period and are forecasted to continue to be strong into the future.
Simon Moore: Yes, it's a good question. I think to highlight that, very significant volume growth in Asia, but also positive pricing. We've talked about positive pricing across Asia the last couple of quarters. We did mention that some of that positive was from some spot argon. But even outside of that, the base pricing was very positive. And that was generally fairly consistent across the regions in Asia. Again, our strong positions in Korea and Taiwan, with the strength of the electronics market, a lot of the merchant products go into electronics there. And certainly, China's economy continues to provide good opportunities for us.
Simon Moore: That's a great question, P.J. And certainly, in an emerging market where you have increasing demand and increasing capacity, that's something to keep an eye on. I think one of the key points is the three plants -- first of all, the on-site plant we're building for the glass company, we have a strong base load with a Tonnage customer and we add some merchant capacity. The other three facilities are in newer and emerging areas around India, where we see the market growth continuing and we're excited about creating first mover advantages in those geographies as the manufacturing economy in those areas continues to grow. So we have done some good work with our marketing teams there to understand what's there, but truly that first mover advantage of those three plants, which are fairly diverse geographically, we think will bring loading to those facilities over time. So a good question, but these projects, we're confident, will load up over time.
Simon Moore: Good question, Mark. So we did provide a forecast of 5% to 10% MSI growth last quarter. Quite frankly, we'd say we still see things in that range. I think one of the dynamics, quite frankly, we see is that our leadership position with the industry leaders perhaps allow us to mitigate some of the seasonality that the industry might have seen. So I think that's consistent with our forecast going forward at this point.
Simon Moore: Well, again, quite frankly, I think there's -- it's not just our view. Obviously, there's a lot of perspective on where the electronics industry is going. We think that's fairly consistent with other forecasts that are out there. So we feel pretty good about that guidance we gave last quarter.
Simon Moore: Just a quick note, add on that that. Actually, sequentially Europe pricing was slightly positive, Mark.
Simon Moore: Good question, Kevin. No, we didn't have any special filling in for competitors or anything like that. Again, kind of a little bit more on the price side. We did mention some of the spot argon opportunities that we had. But the underlying consistent growth rate was very strong.
Simon Moore: SO again, this was more driven by some of the rolling power outages imposed in China. We see those kind of have tailed off now, so we wouldn't necessarily see that argon spot opportunity again. Though I think we are extremely pleased by the base increases, whether they be 2%, 3%, something like that. In a high-growth region like Asia, being able to deliver real pricing improvement is a great job by the team out there.
Simon Moore: I think we see perhaps a moderating of the downward pressure in the Electronics, particularly in the Specialty Materials business. And so as Paul said, we think that that would be stable going forward as opposed to the declines we have seen.
Simon Moore: Thanks, John, and to everybody who joined us on the call today. Please go to the website to access a replay of this call beginning at 2:00 p.m. today. Again, thank you for joining us and have a nice day.
