Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you again, Simon. Now please turn to slide number 20 for a discussion of our outlook. The Air Products team is focused on the things we can control toward our goal of becoming the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. Our guidance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 is for earnings per share of $1.78 to $1.83. At midpoint this will be an increase of $0.26, or 16%, over the second quarter of last year and will represent our seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings growth. Despite an increasingly uncertain economic background and increased currency headwinds, we are confident in delivering on and are maintaining our full-year fiscal year 2016 guidance of $7.25 to $7.50 per share. At midpoint this will be a 12% increase over our very strong fiscal year 2015 performance. The full-year and quarterly guidance includes the Materials Technologies business as part of Air Products for the full 2016. Primarily as a result of our decision to suspend construction of Tees Valley II project, we now expect our CapEx to be about $1.3 billion for the year, down about 25% from fiscal year 2015. As you can see from our results, we improved free cash flow by $200 million this quarter. You have heard me talk about priorities for the use of cash we generate and I would like to reiterate them in the order of priority. Our number one priority is to maintain an A credit rating. Number two, we will use our cash to invest in good projects and good and accretive acquisitions. Number three, we will continue to increase our dividends. And number four, finally, if and only if, there is excess cash available, we are very comfortable returning money to our shareholders in the form of share buyback. The cash we generate belongs to the shareholders and we only spend our cash if we have enough high-return projects and acquisitions. Otherwise, as I have said, we would return it to our shareholders. Air Products growth into the future will not be driven by any single large event. I am confident we will deliver on our commitment to spin Material Technologies and we will resolve our Energy from Waste business in Northern England. Our future growth and profit growth will be driven by executing on the basics of our industrial gas business that is we will focus on all aspects of growth in our industrial gases. We will deliver the second $300 million of cost savings over the next few years, enabled by the more focused and accountable organization we already have in place. We will deliver on projects in our backlog and we will compete for and win new projects at high return. We certainly understand there is significant uncertainty in the world today, but we are focused on the things we control to drive improvement. We believe in self-help regardless of the external environment. The future is very bright for Industrial Gases business in general and most importantly, for Air Products. We do have an outstanding team of talented, dedicated and motivated people who are driving change and we are blessed with having a great portfolio of businesses around the world with more than 170,000 outstanding customers to serve. I'm very proud of our people, incredibly optimistic about the future of Air Products and consider it an honor and a privilege to be part of this winning team. We are now delighted to answer your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I've just been through our priorities in terms of what we will do with the free cash. As I said, we are going to maintain our A rating. We are already there. So we don't need to spend more cash to do that. And then I said that we are going to invest in new projects. We of a lot of new projects in place and a lot of future ones that will require cash. We are focused on making good acquisitions and there are plenty of opportunities to take a look at that, but -- and we want to increase our dividend. Now after that, if we still have cash left, yes, we will buy shares, but as I said, please just take a look at our order of priorities.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, we have said that we are going to spin Material Technologies by September of 2016. So I understand that there are difficulties right now with the credit markets and the stock market in general, but we are not about to spin Material Technologies next week or next month. So we are obviously going to monitor what is going on in the world and when the time comes, we will take everything into consideration about what we want to do.
Seifi Ghasemi: As I said, we are optimistic about our future. We have given you a forecast for the year, which is -- has a wide range on it, $7.25 to $7.50. So we obviously -- our goal is to make the $7.50 not the $7.25. And our self-help projects are actually delivering results. That's why we were able to beat the guidance for the first quarter, because our cost savings delivered more than what we expected. So we do remain positive.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, David, that's an interesting question and I'm at a loss about how to respond to that without hurting anybody's feelings on either side. But fundamentally, as we had always said, Airgas was not a strategic acquisition for us. We never thought it was. At the end of the day, if you take our industrial gas sales of about $8 billion, the overlap with Airgas is only about $1.5 billion, if you exclude our HyCO business and our business in Europe and Asia. So it was never a strategic thing. We don't feel that we have lost anything, but by -- there are other people going and paying an arm and a leg to buy the business. So we have to wait and see how it develops, but we certainly are focused on taking advantage of any opportunity that may arise.
Seifi Ghasemi: First of all, as you know the nature of our business, our supply contracts have a fixed monthly charge. It is not dependent on the profitability of the customer. So whether those markets are up or down doesn't really affect our monthly fee that we get. The second thing is that most of our exposure is to coal to liquids and we don't have a lot of exposure to methanol and all of that. But I would like Corning to expand on this.
Seifi Ghasemi: It doesn't. It's a fixed price. Whether a customer operates at 70%, 50%, or 90%, we get the same fee.
Seifi Ghasemi: P.J., we have not seen any cancellations of the projects that we are working on. We have dropped CapEx because -- primarily because we have stopped spending money on Tees Valley II. That expenditure, P.J., was at the rate of more than $20 million a month. So that is where the saving is coming from.
Seifi Ghasemi: There is no risk on the business this year. The projects that we are working on are -- have not been canceled, Jeff. I think we said that at the -- Simon said that in his comments.
Seifi Ghasemi: We haven't seen any cancellation. The issue that we have is for the future projects that we were counting on, on the years to come. Those projects have been put on hold. None of them have been canceled, but they have been put on hold. So that's the part that we have to see but this year we are not at risk at all.
Seifi Ghasemi: Not really, Vincent. What we have been doing with Tees Valley I is for the past year we start the plant up, learn something; the plant goes down because something goes wrong. So we're in an iterative process of trying to learn how the gasifier behaves and if we can make it work on a sustainable basis. There is a still significant outstanding question about if we will ever be able to get it to work on a sustainable basis. And as I said, we have given ourselves a few months to keep trying it, but there will come a time that we might stop trying. The technology is proving to be a lot more difficult than people thought at the beginning and I have to say we haven't made a lot of significant progress since we talked to you last time.
Seifi Ghasemi: We will decide that finally about, quite honestly, two weeks before we actually go public and raise the debt. The markets, as you know better than I do, change just about almost on a weekly basis. So right now we have no reason to believe that we shouldn't be able to do what we have suggested before. But obviously in a few months, when we are actually going to do that, we will consult with our advisors who are already working on it and decide what is the appropriate number to put in there. We certainly, as we've always said, we are determined to set up Versum for success and we will not load it up with leverage that is inappropriate or load them up with significant interest charges that they cannot afford. But the company, as Guillermo has been explaining to you, they are doing very well and their capacity for debt is significantly even more than what we have suggested no matter what the markets. But we will make that decision right before we actually do it.
Seifi Ghasemi: First of all, we are not aware of anything being pushed out. The project is on schedule and Saudi Aramco is actually pushing us to complete the project on time. So we haven't had any delays on that. No, we are executing with great speed on that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, first of all, on the $300 million, we did see the $75 million savings in the first quarter. And on the second thing, we have said $75 million a year, but we are beginning -- starting that beginning of 2016, so we expect to deliver about half of that in 2016. So in our forecast, we have about $35 million, $36 million of additional savings in 2016, but then in 2017 we should have the whole $75 million.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, it's obviously going to take a while because, as you know, the overcapacity, the installed capacity is about 55,000 and the demand is about 27,000 tons a day. But the shutdown of some of these older steel plants will help. Obviously, China is growing, so whether it will take another three years, another four years, or another five years is debatable. Anyway, that's my view. I'll have Corning to kind of comment on that too.
Seifi Ghasemi: Quite honestly, we haven't seen anything earth-shattering change in the last quarter since we talked to you last time. Obviously, as you know better than I do, it's very difficult to predict what's going to happen, but right now we don't have any reason to be pessimistic about growth opportunities for industrial gases. I have always said that I have a little bit of a different point of view from my colleagues. I see a lot of opportunities for us to engage in new projects. We have engaged in new projects and we have been able to win projects that were north of 10% return. So we continue to be optimistic about the opportunities for growth in different sectors around the world, especially U.S. Gulf Coast and obviously China in terms of bigger projects. We are focused on those. We have opportunities in the Middle East that we are working on. So I don't have any reason to be really pessimistic about the future of the industrial gases in general. Specifically, in terms of the liquid market in the different parts of the world, a little bit up, a little bit down, but nothing has really changed since we talked to you last time to make us more optimistic or less optimistic.
Seifi Ghasemi: Guillermo, will be happy to answer that. Whatever he says is not enough, we should do more than that, but go ahead.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Guillermo. We are well past the one hour usually allocated, so we will take one more question, please.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes. For the exact, exact number, obviously -- I would say -- I don't have the exact number to quote you, but I can confidently say that most of it is from restructuring. Simon can give you the exact number later, but I wouldn't be surprised if 90% of it is restructuring. As a matter of fact, it is 90% restructuring.
Seifi Ghasemi: Okay. Well, with that, thank you very much for being on our call. We very much appreciate your interest in the company and we look forward to talk to you next quarter and report even better results. Thank you again.
Corning Painter: I think the key thing here is they are all operating. These are plants with high fixed costs, low operating costs. We have a mix of end-markets that it goes into. We've got strong contract coverage and you can see the impact in our results. It's quite a positive for us.
Corning Painter: Right. So thank you for the question. A little more than half of that is the new plant startups, and we all expect that and so forth. But nearly half of that step up is the base business, including in China, so I really think that's tremendous and speaks a lot about the resilience of the business we have there.
Corning Painter: Maybe just one other insight I can add to that. I think we're in a market situation where it's maybe a little less likely to make -- useful to look at a broad, sweeping statement about a market -- Europe, North America, China in that different segments within each industrial economy are doing better and worse and have very different approaches. Even in steel you could say, well, there's overcapacity. It is impacted by lower oil, but automotive demand is quite strong. So I think we are sort of in a spiky market where some specific end-markets do better and worse than others.
Corning Painter: We had pricing success in both North and South America. If I were going to lay this all back to underlying what's behind it, I would say, as much as anything, it is good service, which gets you the right to raise their price, combined with good discipline. Obviously, power rates and other inputs are a factor to it, but particularly to the comments I made before about margin, I think it comes down to discipline and service.
Corning Painter: First of all, the results that we reported today reflect everything that has happened to-date. I think the question of what's going to happen in steel is interesting. Many of those steel mills have their own captive air separation plant. Many of them sell that onto the market and if those were to close, that would be an interesting impact and might take some capacity out.
Corning Painter: I think we talk a lot focusing on what we control and we don't really fully control that marketplace and I really hesitate to guess how that's all going to be. But I think what matters for us is continuing to drive our retail sales, which sequentially are up again for us, working with end-use customers, continuing to load the capacity that we have in the ground and we are highly focused on that.
Corning Painter: Our utilization really runs in the 70s and a little bit lower, I guess, I would say, in South America right now. And I think we see ourselves continuing to operate in that range.
Guillermo Novo: First, let me talk on the delivery systems. Actually nothing we've said is new. I think in the last two calls we already predicted that this -- the delivery systems, the equipment business was going to be slowing down versus prior year, a lot of it was because of some projects that we did last year. So our delta was probably more driven from that project differential. Now if you look at a lot of the projections and this has been how the actual demand has been tracking from a lot of the third party industry -- the projection was for a softening in CapEx that would start to pick up in the back end of 2016. And we are still tracking that. So it hasn't been a big surprise for us. Regarding the inventory reval, this is why I'm a little bit more cautious for the second quarter. Not that we are seeing a big change in dynamics versus what we've projected in the past, but in the near-term the headwinds of currency, oil price deflation and the impact it's having on our price so we should have some inventory reval. But also on the demand side, a lot of our customers -- unlike gases, we have inventory; our customers have inventory. And some of the demand softness that we are seeing is just people taking actions on their inventory levels.
Guillermo Novo: Well, we did have a steam methane reformer that we shut down last year, but if I were going to say sequentially I think it's just a shift to slightly sweeter feedstock taking place there right now.
Guillermo Novo: We are continuing to see good progress. I mean the core driver of our business, at the end of the day, is innovation and how we are playing in the different segments of the businesses that we are in, both in electronics and performance materials. So we are very bullish. We see the longer-term trends on mobility continue to grow, especially towards the back end of the year, environmental drivers, performance drivers that are driving our PMD business. So we said that we expect to grow at 1.5x to 2x GDP and we are still comfortable with that long-term outlook. Obviously, in the near term we have a little bit more fluctuation based on what's happening with the base business and that's more linked to GDP growth and global demand.
Guillermo Novo: If you look at our materials business, this is very different from the gases where it's more project oriented, you build it and then you sell it out. For us, we sell it out, we develop the products, we develop markets and then we built the capacity to support our long-term growth. So we don't look at it as we're going to start this plant and generate new business. We will reload our entire network and that will give us opportunities not only to support new volume growth, but optimize our cost structure, our supply chain and our productivity across the network.
