Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you again, Simon. Now, please turn to slide number 22 for a discussion of our outlook. The Air Products team continues to stay focused on our goal of becoming the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. We have made great progress in fiscal year 2015 and delivered a 14% improvement in our operating profit. And we expect to continue our journey during fiscal year 2016. Our guidance for fiscal year 2016 is to actually deliver earnings per share of $7.25 to $7.50 per share. At mid point, this will be an increase of $0.81 or 12% over our very strong fiscal year 2015 performance. Our guidance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 is for earnings per share of $1.65 to $1.75. At mid point, this will be an increase of $0.15 or 10% over the fiscal first quarter of last year. The full year and quarterly guidance obviously includes Materials Technologies. We expect our CapEx expense to be about $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion in 2016 which is down slightly from this year. As you have seen from our recent project announcements, we see great opportunities to invest Air Products substantial cash flow into good high-return projects in our core Industrial Gases business. Despite an uncertain economic environment, the Air Products team will stay focused, as they did this year, to take actions that we control to actually deliver the results that we promise despite economic conditions or currency exchange rates. I would like to add that I have now been Chairman and CEO of Air Products for the past 16 months. I am now convinced more than ever that Air Products has a great future ahead of it. We do have an outstanding team of talented, dedicated and motivated people who are driving change, and we are blessed with having the great portfolio of businesses around the world with more than 700,000 outstanding customers to serve. I'm proud of our people and considered it an honor and a privilege to be part of this winning team. Now, we are delighted to answer your questions.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, approximately half of that 700 basis points is cost savings and the other half is related to price increases, volumes and the new plants coming onstream. And in terms of my expectations the day that I started, I thought that it would take us three years to get that 300 basis points improvement and it has been accomplished in one year and I'm very proud of that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I don't expect too many so called one-off items. The biggest one-off items we have had this year has been the restructuring, which has been about $212 million, $213 million. And next year, there will be some restructuring charge, but I don't expect the magnitude to be as big, Jeff.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, obviously, some of that is dependent, David, on what the economy will do and what kind of a leverage we get. But at the same time, we have said that we are going to have another $75 million of cost savings in 2016. A lot of that is in the Americas, so I expect those margins to continue to improve.
Seifollah Ghasemi: There will be no income from Tees Valley in 2016. In our forecast that we have given you, there is no consideration for any contribution from Tees Valley.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the Tees Valley, Bob, we are in the process of starting up that plant. So we don't expect that plant to really be in commercial operation in 2016. So that's why we have assumed that it would not be contributing to the bottom line.
Seifollah Ghasemi: No. It's just related to the technology. We have always said that there is a chance that the technology will not work, Bob, so we are still working to figure out whether it does work or not.
Seifollah Ghasemi: There's a good chance that it doesn't work, so we have to be aware of that and I have been mentioning that for the past year.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Bob, I don't really see that. I think that what we are facing with right now in terms of the growth in volume is just that the LOX/LIN volumes are down. But when you look at our on-site facilities, the volumes are not that far down. We are making significant progress in China and I think in the long term there is a lot of opportunities for industrial gases. And I think all of the industrial gas companies in time will enjoy about 1.5 times GDP growth rates. I don't see any fundamental change in that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, first of all, I don't expect that the Chinese coal gasification would – that it is the end. I think there's still a lot of opportunity there, and we will appropriately participate on that. We have gotten off of the habit of giving you a specific forecast about new projects because that is too much competitive information to give away. So I apologize for not giving you that. But we are very optimistic. You have seen the projects that we have announced. And we are saying that next year, our forecast right now is that we will increase our profits by 15% as compared to other people. So I think that's a good indication that we will see additional volumes.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, obviously, we hope that that would be the case. And then what happens in the real world, it remains to be seen but it certainly is our intent to implement the price increases.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I wouldn't want – well, you have to consider that Air Products spent a significant amount of money on the waste to energy project. Obviously, we are not going to invest in waste to energy projects in the future. So if you take that out, then I think we will continue to see a growth in the investment in the gases business.
Seifollah Ghasemi: In the forecast that we have given you, we have assumed that we will have a hit of about $0.10 for exchange rate translation. That's the assumption that is in there. In terms of organic growth versus – we have assumed not much of a organic growth because we don't believe that the economic conditions around the world will be that robust next year. So, most of our growth is going to – the growth in EPS is going to come from cost reduction and from our on-site businesses.
Seifollah Ghasemi: There isn't much of Jazan in the numbers that we have for 2015. And for 2016, I think Jazan is a project that is a 20-year project and the profits will come after the plant starts up four years from now. For 2016, we are going to be very cautious in recognizing any profit in terms of the sales from the plant because these plants need to come onstream. You had a lot of obligations in terms of performance guarantees and all of that. So one has to be cautious and there is a lot of accounting rules that we have to follow on that. So there isn't a lot of projections for a lot of profit for that in 2016.
Seifollah Ghasemi: And so with that, I'd like to thank everybody. Thank you for taking the time again to be on our call. We appreciate that and we look forward to discussing our results with you in the next quarter.
Corning F. Painter: So I'm not sure that we've given out specific guidance on specific projects, but I think, in general, we would expect them to come in with the profitability that you would expect from the guidelines we put out. I think the key point is this is a question of exactly what's the timing and when are they on and fully onstream but, again, we see all of our customers progressing their plants, building them to construction. They don't operate without oxygen, so they need us and they pay us for it. I don't expect big surprises there. In terms of retail versus wholesale, so I think it's common when people first bring on a new liquefier that in terms of getting loading, a lot of that volume may go into a wholesale sort of environment. We don't have new liquid to bring on at this point. All of our liquid is currently on. And so we're naturally in the process of preferentially signing and selling to retail customers and, to a large extent, that's about application sales, helping customers to be more efficient and more productive in their own operations and that's something you can do in any economic environment, right, because you're helping them to be more competitive. And when you think an emerging market, right, they're not typically as, let's say, industrial gas intensive or developed as a more mature economy and that's another reason we're able to push that in China today even in the current economic environment.
Corning F. Painter: Thank you, Seifi. So, the reality is in this business, the nature of our business, this is the 10,000 little things that we talk about. And even if I was going to say improving spec power, well, it's spec power over many different plants, all of whom have their own operating situation. So I think the thing I'd really like to stress here is what enables you to drive 10,000 things better than you used to? And it heavily goes to the organizational changes that we've made, right? So, we've gone to a much more decentralized and empowered field organization where those production assets are. Number two, we have one owner for these assets. It used to be there might be someone who had the tonnage business or electronics business and then the merchant business, different debates about how to optimize the use of that. That's over. That's done. That's behind us. And then, we've got the incentive plan, right, which motivates every one of these local teams to think about their EBITDA, how do they drive productivity, every one of them each day. And I think those three drivers are a very powerful move that's moving us through to optimize those 10,000 and to hit these productivity targets.
Corning F. Painter: So, I think I'd rather not get into is it optimal, unoptimal today, this and that. I think a couple of things here. Number one, there is something going on in this company and we are absolutely, positively committed to being the safest and most profitable company while giving our customers excellent service. That's what this is about. And if other companies move up, then we just need to do more. We are committed to that. We're motivated for that. We've kind of unleashed the productivity with this new organization. And do we see opportunities to do things better in line with what we're doing? Yes. Do we have plans in place for this? Yes, we do.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. Thank you. So these are, of course, specific to an individual or a set of customers, so it's very difficult to go into the specifics about them. I think the key point is associated typically with a start-up and which products they want and where are we in terms of the start-up process at different points in time. And perhaps the other really key point is we've collected everything. So it's all in the P&L and it's all been in. And so I don't see that repeating in a significant way going forward.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. Because of the competitive nature, I think we would rather not go into the specifics of this other than to say that, let's say, in LOX/LIN, we are, at this point, certainly predominantly retail direct to customers, and we see a slow but steady improvement. With a large basis like that, it doesn't change overnight. But I'd rather not get into exact specifics just for competitive reasons.
