Simon Moore: Thank you, Augusta. Good morning, and welcome to Air Products' Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Teleconference. This is Simon Moore. Today, our CFO, Paul Huck, and I will review our Q3 results and outlook for the remainder of 2011. We issued our earnings release this morning. It is available on our website, along with the slides for this teleconference. Please go to airproducts.com to access the materials. Instructions for accessing the replay of this call, beginning at 2 p.m. Eastern Time, are also available on the website.  Please turn to Slide 2. As always, today's teleconference will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations regarding important risk factors. Please review the information on these slides and at the end of today's earnings release, explaining factors that may affect these expectations.  Now I'll turn the call over to Paul for a review of our financials.
Simon Moore: John, as we mentioned, too, we would be expecting to be able to announce some additional hydrogen orders in this next quarter as well.
Simon Moore: John,if I could just add also to it. As Paul mentioned that our backlog is up, but just -- because when you asked the question, you mentioned the Valero. Actually, in that backlog number, there is increased that Paul mentioned, there's no project for Valero yet. We have won the order with the customer, but with our pipeline network down there, we can continue to be flexible in terms of adding demand and supply. So we will build supply, but I just wanted to emphasize that in that number, there's no project for that large order yet.
Simon Moore: And bob, just as we mentioned, too, very slow growth, but we did have some positive in liquid oxygen, nitrogen and argon in North America. There was some offset with helium supply constraints, limited helium growth.
Simon Moore: Sure, yes, Mike. And as you pointed out, we talked to the last couple of quarters about the spot opportunities we had in argon, and so that was one of the drivers. We still had positive pricing in LOX/LIN in Asia this, quarter year-on-year, that we have done. So in the low single-digits types of numbers. So obviously, the argon spot opportunities have wound their way through the system a little bit, and so we continue to see positive pricing in Asia. I think we're able to recover the increased costs that we have there. So I think low single digits going forward is something that we would expect to be able to deliver.
Simon Moore: So as we talked to the Investor Conference, I think we are seeing a fundamental change in the Electronics business. So I'll talk about Electronics first. We did see very significant declines in pricing if you go back over the last 10 years. But we've definitely seen a stabilization of those larger volume, more mature products, and that's why we were commenting about stable pricing going forward. I did mention that, in fact, actually NF3 is up slightly year-on-year and sequentially, and what's offsetting that and bringing that to flat for Electronics is the great news that some of our new products are being adopted by our customers. What happens when we work out these new products, our customer is doing, let's say, a test quantity, we might be supplying from a small pilot plant, and we need a certain price. But for the customer to agree to adopt that product in full production, they need to have a price roadmap and understand where that's going to go before they commit to it. So we often, when we have our new product, we'll pre-renegotiate, let's say, a share of the savings, a price volume curve. So actually, seeing prices go down in those new products is very good because it shows that they're being adopted. So if you take the more mature products, slightly up. The newer products, slightly down. That's where Electronics is fairly stable. Of course, the other part of the segment is Performance Materials, where the team's done a great job of basically recovering some cost increases with some higher prices, and that's what's driven the segment.
Simon Moore: And just to clarify, Dave, too, that was capital spending that Paul mentioned could be up 20% to 30%, not backlog.
Simon Moore: But I think we would say, generally speaking, we're able to keep our customers supplied. Perhaps on the helium side, we mentioned supply limitations on the helium did impact growth opportunities there.
Simon Moore: Yes. Good question. So a lot of different things in Electronics. We acknowledged in our comments that we are seeing some subsegments that are little bit softer, particularly the foundry segment. I think TSMC has mentioned they see utilization rates down a little bit going forward. Kind of on the flip side of that is on Intel's call, they referenced, and I quote, "Increasing confidence in the second half of the year." We still see growth in TV and LED. Again, perhaps the growth rates are moderating a little bit. When we take a look at MSI, we had thought MSI for the year, and I'm going back to our comments back in October, was up 5% to 10% for FY '11 over FY '10. I think that we're going to see a little flatter back half of the year in the industry, and we saw a very strong second half FY '10. So when you put that together, we could see MSI growth, year-on-year, to be below that lower end of our range. Having said that, we still see some strength. Apple obviously had tremendous results. And as we've explained a few times, the pull-through from iPads and iPhones, both in terms of the computer chips in those devices themselves, but again the processing technology capability that has to be in the servers that are doing the math in the cloud, if you will, continues to drive business forward. So I think we should -- we see probably moderating, but no significant drop off at all going forward.
Paul Huck: Thank you, Simon. Now if you will turn to Slide 10. I'd like to share my thoughts on our outlook.  First, let's take a look at the current economic environment. This quarter, our underlying revenue growth rate declined from 12% in the first half to 7%. This is partially due to the slowing of manufacturing growth rates across all regions. Many manufacturing markets slowed as a result of spikes in commodity price inflation, high inventory levels, uncertainty over government policies and fiscal situations and weak private sector confidence. As uncertainty surrounding policy, fiscal and sovereign debt issues begin to resolve over the coming months, we would expect growth to pick up early in our fiscal 2012.  Our guidance for quarter 4 is for earnings per share of $1.48 to $1.53, year-over-year growth of 10% to 13%. This is based on the following factors. On the positive side, we expect to see increased earnings sequentially from the following areas. The manufacturing economy globally should continue its gradual recovery. This, along with some seasonal boost, should result in higher sequential volumes in Merchant Gases. And in Tonnage Gases, operating income should improve significantly, on higher volumes and lower planned maintenance spending.  Partially offsetting these sequential improvements will be a higher fiscal quarter 4 tax rate. Our tax rate in quarter 4 should be about 26%. For the year, we expect the rate to come in towards the lower end of our original guidance range of 25% to 26%. For fiscal year 2011, the underlying assumptions from the beginning of the year have not changed significantly. Our capital expenditure guidance is now $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion for 2011, at the top end of the original $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion range. Our full year fiscal '11 earnings per share guidance range is now $5.70 to $5.75, 14% to 15% growth over last year. While it is still early, as we look to fiscal 2012, we expect our capital spending will increase by 20% to 30% next year. We'll provide more specific guidance on next quarter's call.  Now let me wrap up. Please turn to Slide 11. Last month, many of you joined us at our Investor Conference where we shared our 2015 revenue growth and margin and returning goal, along with the actions and plans we have to achieve them. All of us are excited by the growth and improvement opportunities these goals represent. We believe the market positions we have built, the customer relationships and product offerings we have cultivated and the actions we are taking to drive out costs will make us the best investment in our industry for our shareholders.  Thank you, and now I'll turn the call over to Augusta to take your questions.
Paul Huck: Yes, John, we have seen the pricing in Europe be more aggressive, particularly by some of our European competitors, as they have striven for volume. As you know, growth in Europe is not as strong as it is in other parts of the world. However, as we look at this, we were going to defend our -- we are going to defend our key accounts, and we are going to -- but we're also have a need to increase prices. And particularly in certain regions of Europe, particularly in the south, and we have started to put price increases out. The good news is that we've also seen -- we have seen our competitors start to follow those price increases. So we are encouraged. Its still early to tell, but pricing needs to get better in Europe.
Paul Huck: Well, the -- in a competitive environment, it is exactly that. We believe, as we look at this thing, as we look at this, is that with our connector project, which connects Louisiana and Texas pipeline systems, that we have the most reliable, the most efficient pipeline system in that area and that we should win the majority of projects there and maintain our position very well, with good pricing and good returns. We also won product at the same customer over which is -- was -- over which has occurred. Those things are going to happen. You're not going to win 100% of the business. But we still believe, as we said on our Investor Day, that we can maintain our share of the business here going forward.
Paul Huck: Sure, Don. And one thing which we said is we just made it harder for ourselves. So we are going to have to have things go our way. But if we are going to make it, we're going to need improvement in the Merchant business itself in the fourth quarter. That means we're going to need for volumes to pick up here in the United States, in this quarter. We're going to have to see some of our pricing actions take effect in Europe. And most importantly, we're going to have to operate our plants well and remove some of these extra maintenance, operating and dislocation costs which we talked about. And that's -- and so that's how we get there, with a marked improvement in the Merchant margins. But it's hard, we're not going to get everything better all at once in that business very clearly. We didn't get there all in one quarter, we're not going to get out of it all in one quarter with these things.
Paul Huck: We do not believe so, Don, as we look at this. As we look at this, we look at the industry overall, and we think that given the demand structure, which is out there and the applications efforts, which we have going forward to be able to sell this product, and that we can get to a descent -- a better operating rate over time here, and that we would not take any product out at this point in time.
Paul Huck: Sure. Good question, John. It's split about evenly between new projects and loading up of existing assets.
Paul Huck: Sure. And we take a look at that at our backlog. Our backlog right now is in excess and well in excess of $2 billion. But as I've always said in this, you've got to be careful about just focusing on backlog number. The real good number for us here and that we are excited about is the growth in capital spending as we look to next year. We have previously been talking about a growth of 15% to 20% off of this year guidance range of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion. Now it looks like we're coming in at the top -- towards the top end of that range, and we've taken our growth to be 20% to 30% for next year, which gives us a much better feel for -- and should give you a much better feel for what is happening because how long a project sits in backlog, it can always be there, so you're going to have something which you're billing over 3 or 4 years. It's always there. What you really want to see is the capital spending for the company growth and the CapEx. And so we don't have any real additional new support capital or replacement capital in there. That's still about $400 million a year on our guidance, but we've got very strong capital spending growth looking for next year.
Paul Huck: Sure, yes. Certainly, Bob. And if you take the economy in North America, certainly the economy in North America has kind of hit a soft patch. As we look at -- there's still a lot of uncertainty around there. You don't -- you have to be blind to not see it on every news channel and every newspaper about what's happening with the various things on the debt crisis. And that worries us. So that worries consumers, which then worries the -- a business, which has to invest. We're not creating jobs, and so if I got -- we got to get beyond this uncertainty. So hopefully, as we go through this summer, we resolve some of these issues. We start to move forward. We take some better and get firmer on what the policy actions will be, we'll see the economy -- the uncertainty start to lift a little bit off the economy and people start making decisions with regard to that. But if you look at any of the production statistics for the U.S., they have been trending downward, as far as the growth rate was concerned. The first half of our fiscal year, which is the last quarter of the calendar year in '10 and the first quarter of the calendar year in 2011, certainly had a stronger economy from a manufacturing standpoint. We were probably seeing growth somewhere in the 6% to 7% range. We are seeing growth less than half of that in the third and fourth quarter, if we're lucky, given things. So then if you look at that, the impact of our sales force, we started to increase our sales force post the -- post-thing in which happened with Airgas. And so we have already started to see the signings get better for us, and so we are seeing that with our people. So I think it doesn't take too long for our sales guys to become effective and start to add some business. It does take us, as I said, some time to bring that business onstream. So it's normally 6, maybe 9 months until that business starts to come onstream.
Paul Huck: Yes, it would. As we look at that, yes, it would. We have seen -- we've been seeing slow growth. If you look at steel operating rates, steel operatings are a little bit better than -- and than they were a year ago, around the world, I mean. The world's hit somewhat of a soft patch here.
Paul Huck: And so, Michael, the way this works is you fix one and another one popped up, and that's somewhat of what we saw between quarter 2 and quarter 3. So far, for our look at this, it's just -- it's hitting a lot of singles of making sure we run our plants well and do a better job. So it's not one issue, it's a number of issues. And they're small, and they're at different plants around here. And so it's going to be something which we're going to have to pay attention to. With regard to some of the issues, which I mentioned, argon availability has been an issue for us. We do have capacity coming onstream in the on-site area, in both the U.S. and Asia, which will help our argon availability around the world. We have -- we've brought some argon capacity on time at Xingtai Steel, as an example. That will help us. We have a plant coming onstream towards the end of our fiscal year in LaPorte, Texas, which will help us with argon availability and also cut down on the distribution costs. So it's going to be -- it's not one thing, which we can do to fix it, it's a number of things. And then it just getting on to getting the benefits out of our -- out of us, the service center investments, which we've made and things like that. So we've -- we can do these things. You've seen the progress or focus which we've made on SG&A as a company. SG&A, we didn't make a big deal about it, but SG&A is under 10% of sales this quarter. If you take currency out of it, SG&A is down year-on-year for us. So we've made -- we continue to make a lot of progress in those areas. We can take cost out. We can be successful at this. We applied the tools, we applied the information systems, which we have. We've make good decisions, and we can get this done.
Paul Huck: Yes. And if you take a look at that, it is obviously going to depend upon the floating rates. I mean, the -- a portion of that was rates, a portion of that was capitalized interest, which you saw here for us in this time period. But I would expect the interest rate, the interest expense for us to grow as we increase borrowings to fund the capital.
Paul Huck: The actions and -- were complete. As we look at the maintenance spending, costs us $0.04 or so a share, when you look at that. So less substantial in a year-over-year. Quarter-to-quarter wasn't a big deal, and we probably get a benefit of a similar amount going forward into quarter 4. And they are complete, Kevin.
Paul Huck: Right, yes. It's actually a long answer for this one. I'll try to keep it short in the interest of time. Helium has been tight around the world. It is a commodity which ships around the world. And you don't ship in the gas, you ship in liquid form, in containers. But it has been tight due to various production issues around the world and continued strong growth, a lot of the growth being driven by the electronics industry for -in the uses of helium. We do have new capacity coming onstream within the United States towards the end of calendar year '11, which will help our supply things. One of the things that has -- which is a factor here is the Bureau of Mines, I think it is, in the United States, BOM, but landmines. They have a storage amount of helium, which they have gradually been selling off, in which we own a portion of it, our competitors own a portion of that, and that amount is going away. And so we are going to become more reliant on foreign sources of helium globally, and the procurement costs for that is higher for these things, as we attempt to take these helium. It mainly occurs -- it occurs in gas fields and you strip it out and then you purify it. So it's -- it is something which we manage. We are the largest supplier of helium in the world, so it is a -- it impacts us a decent amount, but we also think that we have a good handle on that. It's just the need that prices are going to have to go up as we see higher costs for procuring the raw helium.
Paul Huck: The outlook going forward is for that to continue, Jeff. As we look at that, we think our Equity Affiliates, they're good solid businesses. We told you they got #1 positions in a number of markets. But the gains occurred in the Merchant area, principally Mexico and India. In the Tonnage area, we have some JVs in China, which are starting to contribute now as we build the plants and bring them online. And in our Electronics ventures, we have Electronics ventures with DuPont, which had a -- which had very good quarters and which we expect to also continue. So, yes, we expect this level of profitability to continue, and they will grow.
Paul Huck: Well, the working capital -- if you're trying to get at free cash flow, then I give you from that. As far as the working capital, the payable steps up because the classification of the pension and our expectations over how much we're going to contribute within the next year. I would expect that our pension contributions in this year will not be as -- for -- in 2012, will not be as large as they were in 2011 or 2010. But that's a decision still to be made as we close out the year. There will be some pension contribution, but that's what causes the payables to step up. As far as overall, I think we've got a very good story on free cash flow for the year, though. And I expect -- and we had a very good quarter in this quarter, if you just look at that and you adjust some of the things about -- out about the operating cash flow. But we had free cash flow in excess of $100 million this quarter, and I would expect us to be somewhere $100 million, $150 million in the fourth quarter also.
Paul Huck: It was consistent across the quarter, Lucy, in volumes. As I said about the economy, we've -- we have seen the economy globally hit a little bit of a soft patch. it's not -- you can see that in the statistics there.
Paul Huck: Sure. Okay, I'm sorry. And there are a number of projects, which people are considering as ways to explore a projects which are not onshore. This is an alternate to running a pipeline into shore to take the gas in and then liquefy it there. It also enables you to take smaller deposits and then to move the platform at some point in time, so you would do that. So as we look at the future for gas around the world, we see gas being more and more utilized as to make chemicals and also to make power. It has some advantages, as far as on the carbon side naturally with -- and with regard to the power, plus with the events of people -- with the events in Japan and the shutdown of nuclear power plants, we see more and more LNG occurring around the world. It may not come into -- probably will not come into the United States, but certainly, we're going to see more LNG coming to places like Europe. We're going to see more LNG coming to places like Japan, India, China, big market for us going forward in the future.
Paul Huck: If I take a look overall, over this time period, over a longer time period and not particularly on to one quarter here, it exists, and we probably have lost some share in the United States.
Paul Huck: Sure. If we just take a look at the CapEx here going forward, so -- in regard to backlog, like I said, I think the real number you got to look at is capital spending. And so it isn't so much of a projects trying to break loose, you put a project in the backlog and then you have a certain curve, which you spend the money on with things. And certainly, a bigger backlog is probably better for you, but the real number, what you want to see, is growth in CapEx. As we look at growth in CapEx for next year, if we look at the spending in '11, it's probably 40% in the Americas, 20% in Europe and 40% in Asia. We think that, that number starts to tilt more towards Asia, going forward here, although Americas still has strong growth for that because of the hydrogen projects, which we -- to which we're currently building. Europe probably tones down a little bit because we have 2 large projects which we are building there, and it hasn't been as strong. The Middle East probably picks up some things for us within the next year or so, as far as backlog's concerned, but I would say that we are going to see a more tilt in ourself towards Asia as far as the spending is concerned.
Paul Huck: Yes, and the operating issues were not confined to North America. We had operating issues around the world. That's a broad comment on the Merchant segment.
Paul Huck: Yes. And that's going to be a gradual impact, as they start to be deployed. And as we said, as our customer put them into full production. So they will have an impact with us over time, and we'll continue the growth of this business.
Paul Huck: Yes. The simple answer, Mark, is yes. That's yes. We are seeing the orders there, and those are in that forecast.
Paul Huck: You're right. But that's why we pay people a lot of money to do this work, Mark. And not to be flip on that, but that's true. We have to balance, and I think we've proven we can do that. If you take a look at within the U.S., we think it's an issue of sales coverage and getting broader sales coverage out to certain accounts, and we don't think we have to go out and sacrifice price with that. With regard to Europe, as we said, there are also some accounts in which we look at and which if the price doesn't go up at, and we don't want to serve those accounts.
Paul Huck: No. I think we are on track, as we've talked about at the Investor Day, and that we are -- and that we will continue to move forward. You're always going to have some bumps in the road, but we're going to manage our way through them. We're going to fix them, and we're going to move on and deliver the results.
Paul Huck: Well, the Merchant business is a big portion of our business. It's about 40% of the company. So we've got to make sure that, that performs. So as you look at this, we got to make sure Merchant does a good job. I think you've seen the progress which we've made in Electronics and Performance Materials, very solid business are at levels of performance, which a number of people, over the years, have questioned if we could ever get even close to those levels of performance. And we think we can sustain that and continue to make it better.
Paul Huck: Yes, you're right. It does not help you -- it does not help the efficiency of our plants. Now the good news is I got a lot of it -- I got a lot of capacity here, because it cuts down actually on how much I can actually make.
Paul Huck: The pricing in packaged gases is -- has been okay for us. I think it always could get better for us. The thing which we are not seeing is we aren't seeing -- we are not seeing the volume growth yet in Europe on packaged gases. The volume growth has not been good, just particularly in the south, in Spain.
Paul Huck: Yes. And with regard to expertise, it gets down to applications and it gets to particular areas. We do have a combustion lab, which is world class, which we can bring our customers into. And they can see -- they could see flame patterns. They could see how oxygen really will help them and make them better. Examples of that are our position and the success which we've had in the glass market, as an example for us, by taking the glass companies in here and showing how we can -- how -- what sort of things we can do to help them raise the efficiency and the environmental performance of their plants with regard to that, I mean. And as far as the -- on the customer side of things, I -- in the end, I think all of this has -- the impact of this is that it increases your margins. Our experience with this is you don't want -- you don't loose a lot of business by doing this. I'll tell you, we've gone through this in the United States years ago, of taking customers' prices up and you -- and pretty much you wind up getting the bulk of them up, and it comes down to the thing of it. You got to make -- at every customer, you got to be able to make a profit, and that's just the way it is.
