Simon R. Moore: Thank you, Vicky. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products third quarter 2018 earnings results teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions. Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our earnings release and on slide number 2. Now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.
Simon R. Moore: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to slide 17 for a review of our Gases EMEA results. Sales increased 24% primarily driven by a strong 12% volume increase. Price improved 3%, while energy pass-through and currency were up 2% and 7% respectively. Demand for hydrogen in the EMEA region was also strong. Our new hydrogen plant in India, onstream during a portion of Q3 last year, drove about 10% of our volume growth, and our Rotterdam franchise also contributed. As a reminder, the India plant was fully onstream in Q4 last year, so we don't expect a year-over-year benefit in Q4 of FY 2018. Base merchant volume improved 2% supported by liquid bulk and packaged gases growth and a few small acquisitions. The robust activity in the merchant market also translated into higher pricing. The 3% uplift in price was predominantly due to a pricing action success in packaged gases. This represents our best pricing performance in many years. EBITDA was up 19% compared to prior year, primarily from the new plant in India and further supported by higher merchant volume, positive price, and favorable currency. EBITDA margin of 33% was down 160 basis points. However, excluding the new plant in India, which has comparatively high natural gas costs and other energy pass-through, EBITDA margin was actually up over 100 basis points. Now, please turn to slide 18 for a brief comment on our Global Gases segment, which includes our air separation unit sale of equipment business as well as central industrial gas business costs. Sales and profits were down as we get closer to the end of the Jazan sale of equipment project. We continue to expect this to result in lower revenue in FY 2018, while we now also expect profits to be down slightly for the year. We continue to make great progress on the Jazan project and, as we have said, expect onstream in phases early in fiscal 2019. Now, please turn to slide 19 for a brief comment on our Corporate segment, which includes our LNG business, our helium container business and our corporate costs. Although LNG project activity remains weak, sales increased slightly compared to prior year, but overall segment profits were flat. We continue to see signs of renewed interest in future LNG projects, but do not expect this to translate to an earnings tailwind in the near future. Now, I'm pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a discussion of our outlook.
Simon R. Moore: Yeah. Thanks. Duffy, so two things to remember. First of all, this is a great project, very, very good returns on this project. But the natural gas prices are extremely high in India. I think they're in the range of $12 per million BTUs. So, you have a very large hydrogen plant, very high natural gas prices, so that has a pretty significant dilutive effect on the margins. And I think you've seen that over the last few quarters. We also, by the way, had some additional energy pass-through in Europe. And just one final point is, in Q4, we'll lap this, so you won't see a year-over-year delta next quarter.
Simon R. Moore: Yeah. So, John, obviously we can't speak to what the competition is doing. The team is working hard on pricing in the Europe region and we did emphasize that we saw a lot of the strength in packaged gas here this past quarter. So, quite frankly, good job by the team.
Simon R. Moore: Yeah. Just obviously, Vincent, Seifi again reminded us that we have made a specific comment around the Lu'An project and we'd expect that to deliver at least $0.25 next year. So, yeah.
Simon R. Moore: Yeah. And again, I would just point out that the technical term for Jazan is lumpy, so it just moves around a little bit especially sequentially.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you, Scott. Now, please turn to slide number 15, our Gases Americas, where we continue to deliver strong sales and profit growth. Sales increased 16% versus last year, driven by higher volumes, positive pricing and favorable currency impact. Volumes were up 6% excluding the impact of the one-time equipment sale last year – volumes were actually up 16% if you exclude the equipment sale, as I said. New projects were responsible for about three-quarters of this 16% increase, while gases business and acquisitions, they're roughly equal to the rest of the business. I believe at the beginning, I said Gases Americas. I meant Gases Asia, so there's no confusion. I'm talking about our business in Asia. I wish our Americas business revolved around (21:14) 16%. That is not the case. Okay. Pricing for the region was up 4% versus last year, the fifth consecutive quarter of year-on-year improvement, which was primarily driven by better supply-and-demand situation in China's merchant market. Strong volumes, higher pricing and favorable currency more than offset the prior-year equipment sale headwind and drove the nearly 30% increase in EBITDA. EBITDA margin was strong and up 400 basis points. Sequentially, both volume and price increased as China emerged from the Lunar New Year holiday. As mentioned in our last call, we closed the Lu'An project during quarter three. The team is making great progress as we bring the four gasifier trains on stream in stages. As we shared in April, we still expect about $0.04 earnings per share contribution in fiscal year 2018 and we expect the plant to be at full-run capacity by the end of September and therefore expect at least $0.25 per share of accretion in 2019 from the Lu'An project. Now, I would like to turn this call back to Scott to discuss our Americas result, please.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you, Simon. Our team around the world is very excited about Air Products' future. Our safety, productivity and operating performance continue to provide the foundation of our continued growth. And the evolution of our Five-Point Plan provides the framework to drive our success going forward. As I said before, we have the financial capacity, the opportunities and the team to successfully win key growth projects. Let me just address the current state of global trade relations and tariffs. Very simply, we have not – I'd like to stress – we have not seen any impact on Air Products at this point. Our business is local, so we don't have any direct exposure to import-export tariffs. We have not seen consumers changing their behavior. And as I mentioned earlier, we are very pleased to close the Lu'An joint venture in China earlier this quarter as we expected. There is no doubt that there is uncertainty in the world. And while we cannot predict or control worldwide political or economic developments, we do have control over the operational performance and growth of Air Products, and we are confident we will continue to deliver on the commitments that we have made. Now, please turn to slide number 20. We are working hard every day to be the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. That continues to be our goal. Continuing our positive momentum, we have again increased our guidance for the year to a range of $7.40 to $7.45. At midpoint, this is up $0.10 from the guidance we gave you last quarter. Our new guidance represents 17% to 18% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2017 performance. As I said, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitment to grow our EPS by at least 10% each year for the future. For the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018, our earnings per share guidance is $1.95 to $2, up 11% to 14% over last year. We continue to expect our capital expenditure to be in the range of $1.8 billion to $2 billion in fiscal year 2018. Now, please turn to slide 21. I've talked about this many times. I don't need to repeat that. And please turn now to slide number 23 (sic) [22] (31:25). You can see that we believe very strongly that our real competitive advantage is the degree of commitment and motivation of the great team that we have at Air Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate superior safety and operational performance. I do want to thank all of our 15,000 employees around the world for their total commitment and hard work, and I'm very proud to be part of this winning team. Now, we are delighted to answer your questions.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Okay. Well, there is nothing unusual about the run rate, first of all, Jeff, so we expect our equity affiliates to do well. With respect to the Americas, we have an issue in terms of mix. That means that our volumes are up because we were selling more to customers who have a lower price basically. That is the fundamental reason why you don't (35:32) we are not particularly excited about that, but that is the explanation. Overall, Jeff, you know the business very well. Fundamentally, our prices is going to be the same as other people's prices. We are not going to fall behind on that, because if our prices are lower, we will get significantly higher volumes. But I'd just like to turn it over to Scott to expand on what I said.
Seifollah Ghasemi: No, we have not. Because I mean, share repurchase obviously – what does it do for you? It artificially improves your EPS. We are taking the position that of the cash that we generate, we are giving half of that in dividend to the investors. So, it's not as if we are holding all the cash. So, half of that is going to a very generous dividend policy that we are saying we give 2.5% of stock price as dividend. The other half, we believe very strongly that we have opportunities to invest that capital on projects that we will create significantly more value for the shareholders than buying the shares back, so that is our position. That hasn't changed. And we do not see any change in the outlook for the deployment of the capital, so therefore that's where we are.
Seifollah Ghasemi: It's about 2%. But the thing is that usually, we don't like to make too many comments about pricing. But we obviously fully understand that higher prices means higher profit. That's what our organization is focused on that. But we need to have a balance between what we can charge and what the supply-demand situation is. But our utilization rate in the U.S., please consider that it is still in the – around 77%, 78%. Now, in places that our utilization rate is above 80% like in China, we are getting significant price increases as you see.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I mean, it's very difficult to kind of pinpoint that. But order of magnitude, obviously we would like to invest as much as we can in the U.S. But right now from what we see order of magnitude, probably about $2.5 billion will be in the Americas, about maybe $2.5 billion to $3 billion in Europe including Russia and then, the balance of it in Asia-Pacific because anything that we invest in India is really equity affiliate. It's not part of the numbers that I've given you.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Duffy, I give more details and, obviously, the investors want even more details. We thought we have gone a long way by actually breaking down that, but out of the $7 billion, I expect approximately $5 billion will be in China.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Sure. Our utilization rate in the Americas is around 77% to 78%. Utilization in Europe is around 80%. In China, the industry utilization is around 55% to 60%. But Air Products' utilization rate, because we haven't built a lot of merchant plants, our utilization rate in China right now is at around 82% to 84%. So, that is where we are, and you can obviously correlate pricing to the utilization rate. I mean, it's obvious if you're selling a commodity LOX/LIN, and that is totally subject to supply-demand.
Seifollah Ghasemi: PJ, I cannot – now that the deal is closed, this has been a fantastic deal for us and it has created significant opportunities and we are seeing a lot of things that we didn't see before. So, I'm very happy with that acquisition. In addition to that, that has opened up significant opportunities outside of China. Yes, we are very pleased with the acquisition. It was the right thing to do. We have gotten a lot of very capable and very talented people. And that has given us – I think at the end, it will give us a significant competitive edge.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Outside of China, it will be – it is places like Indonesia, Australia, Middle East, Europe, it's all over the place, and the United States. But please when I'm talking about Shell, I need to clarify. We bought two technologies from Shell. One is for coal gasification and the other one is for liquid gasification. The liquid gasification is also important because, PJ, as you know very well, a lot of the refineries need to upgrade their bottom of the barrel because of the IMO 2020. One of the ways to solve the problem of dealing with high-sulfur residue is rather than coking it, is to use that liquid and gasify it. That is what Saudi Arabia is doing with the Jazan Project, so that I think will open up opportunities for us because we own the Shell technology for liquid gasification.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, thank you very much, Chris. In terms of the day-to-day things, obviously we are seeing economic development in the U.S., which is helping with the utilization rates a little bit, although it's not as robust as we hoped. But in China, the growth has not slowed down and we are growing very well there. In India, we don't consolidate, but the growth rates are very good. And quite frankly, as I think I've mentioned to you before in one-on-one, Europe has been a surprise on the positive side because quite frankly we thought that with the Brexit and all of that, that European economy will suffer. It has not. So as a result, it's not growing very fast, but it is tightening, and you can see that the pricing is improving there. So, those are overall the positive things. Then with respect to the very big projects, yes, we are very optimistic about that. There is significant activity with respect to big projects in China, and in Middle East, in Russia, in the U.S. So, we see a lot of so-called mega projects.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Sure, Chris. Obviously, if you go on my wish-list, I hope that five years from now 75% of our business is onsite. And I think that will probably happen with the way that we are deploying the capital. Our base business, merchant business and packaged gases business will continue to grow. We are not going more onsite at the expense of that business, but that business which is our liquid business and our packaged gases business, is going to grow with global GDP, 2%, 2.5%, 3%, 3.5% a year. But our ambitions are significantly higher than that. We want to grow the company by more than 10% as we have done in the past four years. That means that by default, although our base business is continuing to grow, our onsite businesses will grow faster. Therefore, when you put it all together, hopefully by 2023 75% of Air Products business will be onsite, which will be very stable and very profitable in terms of not only margins, but also in terms of return on capital employed.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, first of all, I'd like to make a comment. I've just landed from a 14-hour overnight flight. And I just came to the office. So, I think you need to give me a little bit of a break for not mixing up Gases Americas and Gases Asia. But Simon had the slides in the right order but I just – when I was looking at it, I just said Gases Americas rather than Gases Asia. But right now when you look at our Americas business, I think we disclosed that. That's about a $4 billion business. Our Asia business is right now running at around $2.2 billion, $2.3 billion. With the capital deployment programs that we have, our Americas section will grow. But I think in five years, I don't expect Asia to be double in size, but it might, it might become our biggest region by 2023, 2024. And right now, we are – I mean if it grows with the kind of EBITDA margin that we have, which is 43%, that would be very good.
Seifollah Ghasemi: That is not the case. We just lost the big coal gasification project to one of our competitors. I obviously don't want to mention who it is. But if people are telling you they are not pursuing coal gasification in China, you should ask them again. Everybody is there. Everybody is eager to win a project. And as I said, last month, we lost a coal gasification project in China, in southern China, to one of our competitors who claims they are not that excited about China. So, everybody is there, my friend. When people look at these projects and the size and the profitability, they are not going to give us a break, they are following us where we are going.
Seifollah Ghasemi: What we are talking about is projects that would help with solving environmental issues. The biggest thing that we are referring to is, number one, this IMO20 where people have to do something with the bottom of the barrel and the second thing that we are talking about is coal gasification which is a much more environmentally friendly of using the coal rather than burning it in a power plant to generate power.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, John, you are putting me in a position that – especially my lawyer is sitting here and saying, don't make too many forward-looking statements here. But we are working, obviously, on a lot of projects. But quite frankly, John, this is a formal call. This is not a casual conversation. I'm the chairman of the company, and I'm saying that we feel very confident about deploying the capital. So, I can only say that if I see a backlog of projects that we are working on. Now, when are they going to come to fruition and when are we going to be able to announce them? I mean, I obviously can't predict that, but we definitely have a robust number of projects that we are definitely working on. No question.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, on that one, Andrew (sic) [Vincent] (57:33), one thing that we have said and we stand behind that is that we want to grow EPS at least 10%. So, you should expect that our guidance for 2019 will be 10% higher than 2018, I mean, unless the world falls apart. But other than that, in terms of the specifics, I think we are very specific in terms of the timing of these things. But to break it down by quarter, well, these are plants, new plants start up. The customer has to be ready and all of that. So, I would be a little bit hesitant to start pinpointing it by quarter. But overall, as I said, on overall basis, obviously we need the contribution of these projects in order to deliver the 10%.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the reason is that we are not very big in CO2 in Europe. So, the whole event didn't have too much of an impact on us at all.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We didn't take a pass. The regulators decided to give us a pass. We would have – we've always said we were interested in that. But the regulators decided that we should go do other things.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Around the – we don't usually comment by markets, but overall, in the U.S. it's really most of the sectors, whether it is food, whether it is steel, whether it is – all of the other things. In China, it is obviously consumer demand for the products that we have around the world. So, it's a mix, it's not any very particular market that suddenly has started contributing to our bottom line. As you know, we have more than 60,000 customers around the world. So, we do not see any suddenly one sector growing 10%. It's just across the board and that's the good thing about our company because we have exposure to all of these businesses.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, that's a very good question. And since it's a difficult question, I'll give it to you, Scott, to answer.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, right now, the way we see it, China is going to continue to be strong, we don't see any sign of a slowdown there. I hope Europe stays where it is, which means that although it's not growing very fast, it's not going down. And the U.S., obviously, it depends on the effect of the tax cut and all of that. But, right now, it looks okay. So, we continue to...
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I can't give you an exact number on that because then you'll pretty quickly figure out what you should do next year. But overall, we usually don't give that number out, so if you excuse us for that. We don't like to break that down because then people can figure out exactly what the return on the projects are and all that. That will be...
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, thank you. With that, I think there are no more questions. And I just like to thank everybody again for being on the call. Thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our presentations. We very much appreciate your interest. And we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a great day and all the best. Thank you.
Michael Scott Crocco: Yeah. I'd just emphasize what you already said. It's broad-based, Bob. It's good fundamental business performance in Mexico, in Italy, in India, and actually some of our smaller ones in Asia as well. So, real good performance across the board this quarter from our equity affiliates.
Michael Scott Crocco: Thanks, Seifi. I just want to build – I think I made some comments in the prepared remarks. In Americas, just recall we have a very nice leadership position in hydrogen and we saw some maintenance planned turns. The team did a great job of executing those. But that's driving costs up year-on-year. So that's also a reason why you don't see the operating income growth consistent with the top line. Okay.
Michael Scott Crocco: So, year-to-date, we're at about $0.20 earnings per share versus prior year through three quarters. And our view, as always, is we just assume things kind of move sideways from where they are as we're closing the quarter. And so, if we look at that, we think it's going to be flat, maybe a modest headwind in our fourth quarter versus the prior year given where the currencies are now.
