Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Simon, and good day to everyone. We thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today. To start, I want to acknowledge the united and extraordinary efforts of all of the talented, committed and resilient people of Air Products around the world. They work hard every day to provide critical products and services to our customers. Our people working in solidarity, and in a determined way, have made it possible for us to keep our 750 facilities around the board operating throughout this unprecedented crisis. And I want to particularly thank our team, who worked through the very challenging, severe winter storm in the U.S. Gulf Coast. Our people are the ones who are making it possible for us to continue to deliver our near-term business results, while also, pushing forward to develop, execute, and operate major world-class projects to ensure our growth in the future. Our people are the ones who make our higher purpose real every day. That is, to help humanity, move forward in a sustainable way, and bring people together to help solve energy and environmental challenges.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Simon. Now please go to Slide number 21. Unfortunately, as everybody knows, the world continues to struggle with the COVID-19 pandemic. With widespread vaccination efforts, some regions have been able to reduce the spread of the virus, while others are experiencing an increase in number of cases. Against this backdrop, we take pride in our ability to deliver consistent earnings and cash flow. Our onsite business, roughly half of our total sales remain stable, and our price continued to be strong. We have also seen signs of improvement in merchant volumes. As we look forward, although we still see uncertainties ahead, our confidence in major economies around the world is growing, particularly in light of the increasing pace of vaccination. Therefore, we have resumed providing EPS guidance this quarter. As I mentioned earlier, Lu'An has asked us to restart our facilities. And we expect Jazan to close during this fiscal year. However, there remains some uncertainty to the exact timing of these events, therefore, they are providing or EPS and CapEx guidance, excluding Jazan and Lu'An restart. In other words, the restart of Lu'An and the financial close of Jazan, if they happen within this fiscal year, they will be accreted to the guidance that I'm giving. For Quarter 3 of fiscal year 2021, our earnings per share guidance is $2.30 to $2.40 per share, which is up 14% to 19% over the last year. And the guidance for our fiscal year 2021 is $8.95 to $9.10, up 7% to 9% over last year. We see our CapEx at approximately $2.5 billion for this year, again, excluding Jazan. Meanwhile, we continue to execute our other projects, bringing them on stream and finalizing agreements with our customers. We are committed to the capital deployment strategy and to growing our pipeline of our projects. Please turn to Slide number 22. As always, the success of our strategy is rooted in the great team we have at Air Products. We believe strongly that our only sustainable long-term competitive advantage is the degree of commitment and motivation of our people, the people who work hard every day to bring our strategy to life. I am very proud to be working with this team. Our deep commitment to sustainability creates exciting growth opportunities, driven by the energy transition to a lower carbon board. Our gasification, carbon capture and hydrogen growth platforms are at the core of this transition. In the past five years, our differentiated strategy and our core competencies have positioned Air Products to lead across these areas. Now, at this time, we are very pleased to answer any of your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, good morning, Kevin. Thank you for your question. I see that, we are focused on gasification, carbon capture and hydrogen, and obviously, our underlying standard business. We think that our underlying business will require an investment of approximately $500 million to $700 million, $800 million with all of these smaller plants and generators, and all of that, to grow with the overall economy in the world. Then in terms of the other three opportunities, in terms of capital allocation, I don't want to kind of prefer one over the other, because it depends different parts of the world. Obviously, we're not going to spend any money on significant gasification project, in some of the more developed our gasification, for example, Europe or the U.S., but there will be coal gasification projects in India and Indonesia and the other and China. Carbon capture is going to require a lot of capital and that will be very, very prevalent in, I foresee in Europe, and in the United States, specifically. And then, obviously, green hydrogen and blue hydrogen, it will be all over the board. So, I would have a balance of them. But since these are all mega projects, for a year or two, one of them might be higher than the other one. But in the course of five to 10-years, if you take all of the capital allocation, I think that most of the capital will go to carbon capture, then hydrogen, and then gasification.
Seifi Ghasemi: The benefit could actually be very positive. The only caveat over here is that there is a lot of talk about this thing, there is a lot of interest in it. But, I'm a conservative person, I want to wait and see how many of these projects actually do materialize. But as I think, as Scott mentioned, and he was talking about the Americas, the intensity of hydrogen requirement per barrel of renewable diesel versus a barrel of ordinary diesel is almost four to five times. So, if these refineries in a major way convert to renewable diesel the demand for hydrogen will actually go up. But again, I just don't want to get ahead of ourselves, because there is a lot of talk, but we'll see how many of these projects will actually materialize.
Seifi Ghasemi: Okay. First of all, if I may answer the second part of your question, we had given some general guidance about the profitability of this project to the investors almost two years ago. During the period of the negotiations and so on, that expectation is still correct. Secondly, the first part of your question, once we close on this thing, the day we close, the next day we will get our fixed fee, and therefore it will be accretive to our EPS.
Seifi Ghasemi: No, I think we explained to you that we renegotiated the contract, we renegotiated that. We have a structure for if the plan is down, but we get paid. We have a structure for when the plant is up and running for a period of time and then we get back to full payment for the original contract. So there's kind of three levels.
Seifi Ghasemi: Because then you don't have to consult with somebody else in terms of what we do and what we don't do. Because when you are 50-50 joint venture, you have to have a consensus, when you are going to do different projects in different parts of the world, and different people have different preferences. But, then it is 100% own, then we can decide on our own what we want to do, therefore, I think that is why I said if they facilitate us in terms of getting additional projects.
Seifi Ghasemi: Not particularly. No, for neither one. We are assuming that things will be approximately -- there might be some improvement, but that is not the driver for the forecast. We are taking a conservative approach here.
Seifi Ghasemi: I think our merchant business. I mean, our Lux Linen  business would have been kind of flat, and then our hydrogen business would have been lower. Because, as you know, we have some refineries like the shell refineries, which was a customer shut down. And then, out of the 100% volume, some of the volume on the pipeline is not contracted long-term. It is a spot sale. And the refineries considering their level of operation being low, they had cut back on their spot sales. So the hydrogen volumes would have been lower, especially on the Gulf Coast.
Seifi Ghasemi: The equity income is so high just because I explained that last time, because our equity affiliate in America is Mexico. And Mexico, unfortunately, because of COVID the demand for oxygen was phenomenal. Just the way it is right now in India and the way it is in Brazil, quite frankly, that is why some of our competitors are having very good results because of that. It's a very unfortunate situation. But, I mentioned last quarter that if you are in the medical business right now, Mexico, Brazil, India will make you a lot of money. And we saw that benefit in our joint venture in Mexico.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I think you should -- you're on the very right track, and let's look at the causes. Number one, the margin comes down when Lu'An is shut down, because Lu'An is a very, very high margin business. So, that Lu'An by itself has a significant effect than it is now. The second thing is that when natural gas prices go up, we end up showing more sales because we are buying natural gas and then the customer reimburses us for that. But, it shows us higher sales, but it doesn't affect the profit line. So if natural gas, every dollar of natural gas going up, affects our sales by $350 million immediately. So, if natural gas prices continue to go up, then our margins -- for our hydrogen business looks lower, because the profit doesn't change, but the sales go up. So, those are the two effects that you need to think about. So as we go forward, if natural gas prices come back to the levels they were, and if Lu'An starts up, then you're going to see our margins go up. So, I still feel very good about our margins. We haven't seen a fundamental change in the profitability of our business.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that, with the plant that has been shut down and you start it up, you never know which pump works, which pump doesn't work. But, as I mentioned in my comments, as of this morning, we do have one of the gasifiers online for supplying their product to our customers. And I'm hoping that the other three will come on stream in the next few months. We don't want to be too specific, because we can stock up and one pump can have a failure, and then you have to recommission or change the pump and all that. But overall, it's not going to take years, it's going to be a relatively short period of time.
Seifi Ghasemi: Fiscal '21, which is the one we are in right now, next is fiscal '22 right? But this year, I mean, we haven't made a lot of money in Lu'An, because the plant has been shut down for six months, and now we are starting it up. So, I think that fiscal year '22 will be significantly better than '21 barring any plant breakdown or anything.
Seifi Ghasemi: I don't want to confirm that, because it depends on how much we run and all of that. But John, the biggest issue over here was the fact that people thought that gasification is dead, the plant will be shut down forever. But, we always said that's not the case, we always said that this is due to change in management and so on. And that has proven to be correct. So, the fact is that the customer wants the plants running, the plant is valuable, it is going to produce products. And now how much is our profitability in '22, I'm sure it's better than '21, but it also depends on how we run the plant and how many times we can keep the gasifiers on the stream and all of that. So, I don't want to give you a definite prediction. Obviously, we will give you a much more accurate prediction in October, when we give you our guidance for 2022.
Seifi Ghasemi: John, the demand for those kind of projects never slowed down during the COVID. It continued to be very strong, it continues to be very strong. And we are very optimistic about the deployments and targets. As Scott mentioned, that we have almost 95% delivered two years in advance. And we are very bullish on that. We see a lot of very large projects that we are working on, and I think those will bear fruit as we go forward.
Seifi Ghasemi: That's a very good question, actually, In that, what I said was that we saw a very strong recovery in China and other places after the Lunar New Year. The thing that I said is that the recovery is not even across all product lines, that specifically means that our Lux Linen business is coming on strong, our Oregon business is coming in strong. But that is not necessarily true about our helium business in that part of the board, and that is because some of our -- because we have that -- as you know, we are holding very firm to our pricing strategy. And as a result, we might be losing some market share there.
Seifi Ghasemi: The demand for electronics and electronics onsite business for high purity nitrogen is very strong. We are participating in that. We have won a lot of contracts, some of that we cannot announce because the customer doesn't want to announce it. Because they want to keep that plants kind of confidential. But, we are not losing any market share in that area. We have the proprietary products, which are actually very competitive. And we remain very bullish in that area.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, if everything goes fine, and we are totally successful in bringing Lu'An online and we signed all of the final contracts and finish the financing 2022 will be a good year, because then Jazan and Lu'An will be there compared to this year.
Seifi Ghasemi: First of all, I don't want to make any comment about the BR ] NEOM project, because I don't know enough about it, and that's not something that we are involved in. The one thing that I can confirm is that our project has nothing to do with the city, whether the city is delayed or built or not built, it doesn't affect our project at all. We are self-contained, we are going to prepare, desalinating our own water. We are going to produce our own power. And so, we are totally self-contained. So, any kind of any issues with the city will not affect our project. In terms of our project, we have placed orders for some of the long tail items, and we are making progress. And in terms of cash flow, it is -- already, we're spending money on that project right now.
Seifi Ghasemi: So on that one, I think the number of sources of helium and all of that. The biggest question about supply demand in helium is not a secret. It is what is going to happen to the project that Russia is doing, so called Amur project. That project will produce a lot of helium when it is online. The issue is, when is it going to be online? Is it going to be end of 2021, 2022, 2023? At what rate that is in Siberia and all that. So I don't want to make any predictions on that. But that is the only other major project that is underway.
Seifi Ghasemi: Good morning, John. No, it does not allow for that. Our contracts or takeoff pay, so while people contemplate different things that doesn't affect our contracts, John.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, thank you for the question. And also, thank you for providing the answers, because you kind of answered the question by saying that we are in a unique position, we are operating the largest carbon capture facility in the world right now, operational. We have been running it for several years. We captured a million ton a year of CO2 from the semis that we have in Port Arthur. So, we know how to do this thing. Secondly, is that we have many, many SMR that put out CO2, therefore, the CO2 is there that can be captured. The other thing is the fact that there is significant focus on this because by capturing CO2, you can make blue hydrogen, and therefore the transition to the hydrogen economy can happen very quickly using either carbons. And a lot of people are very interested in that. People who make hydrocarbons are very interested in finding a way to produce hydrogen, capture the carbon and say, here's a hydrogen which is almost is not as good as green hydrogen, but it is hydrogen with significantly reduced carbon footprint. So, that is why I am -- I think that there will be a lot of big investments in that area. And we are very well-positioned with our core competency, with the plants that we have around the world to be a major player on that. And we intend to be a major player on that. Our goal is very simple, gasification, we have put ourselves in a position that we are the major, the leading company for gasification. Any gasification project in the world, probably Air Products will do that. We plan to be the leader in blue hydrogen, which means CO2 capture, and we plan to be the leader in green hydrogen, which we already are with the plant that we're building in NEOM.
Seifi Ghasemi: So, we are expecting that the COVID impact would be a little bit less in the U.S. because of the vaccination, and an improvement in Europe because of the vaccination. And then in China and the rest of Asia, that COVID impact is not as significant anyway. So we have kind of considered some improvement because of COVID impact, but still having in mind that there will be some.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, let me just focus on making sure I understood your question correctly. You're saying how come these renewable diesel projects are not happening faster? I think the main reason is that right now, the only place where it makes sense to sell renewable diesel and still be profitable is in California. So people I mean, Valero when they are producing this thing in Texas, they don't sell it in Texas, they sell it in California, because if they sell it in Texas, they would lose money. Because just the cost of the raw material for making renewable diesel is probably $2.5, $3 a gallon. So, right now everybody is making teams to go to California and sell it in California. And therefore, people are sitting down and saying how many-- how much capacity does California have? Because if you add all of these renewable diesels, in four or five years 100% of the diesel sold in California will be renewable. Then what do you do? So people need to get themselves comfortable that this policy that California has will be picked up by Oregon and Colorado and New York and all that, which I think it will be. But until it is done, I think you're not going to see a significant growth on this thing, because people are going to say, well, how am I going to -- where am I going to sell it.
Seifi Ghasemi: But, you're very right, because then people talk about capturing carbon. So we can capture carbon for you anywhere there is a plan, which puts out CO2 out of an SMR or a chemical unit, we know how to capture that. That's the easy part. The question is that, what do you do, once you have captured it. You need to have a place to sequester it. And the biggest question is that where is it possible to sequester it, where is it possible that there is enough poorer space to do that. That is the major question that will come into play in terms of how many of these projects can you do, where can they be done and all of that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, that is the question that I tried to answer before that when we renegotiated or reconsidered the arrangements with Lu'An -- I don't want to go through all of the details, because the customer doesn't want us to disclose that. We said that we have come up with three stages. One is when the plant is shut down, what did we get? The second thing is that, when the plant is up on a stream, what do we get for a certain period of time, and then we go back to the original contracts. So, I do not want to represent to you that if we come on a stream 100% in 2022, we will make as much money the $0.25, as we did in 2019, it will be less than that. How much less than that, I cannot disclose it. But there is a period of time, where we have agreed to reduce our fee to help the customer. But then, the overall return on the project is still as good if not better, because the customer has agreed to extend the term of the contract, which means that our return on capital for the length of the contract is still intact.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the one lesson that I have learned all my life, it's not just -- is that you always need to tell people the truth at the time that you are talking to them. And therefore, maybe we overdid it, maybe it could have been handled differently. But, I believe we handled the right way. In November of 2020, I was very concerned about Lu'An, and I was very concerned about Jazan. And I told the investors. Now, I did explain to them put the caveat in them that some people didn't listen to us that look, I don't think these are -- this is what I know right now. But this doesn't mean it's the end of the world. This doesn't mean that it's the end of gasification. This doesn't mean that we are not going to do Jazan. But some people took it like that, and our stock got hit by $50. But quite honestly, if I had to do it again, I would always tell the investors what we know at the time that we're talking to you. And we should be transparent. But I think maybe we can do a better job. We can always do a better job, maybe we can do a better job of putting it in the right context, not to kind of create patterns. But, one other thing that I'm sure the investors appreciate is that, as we go forward with all of these big projects, and so on, these kinds of things is normal that it happens. It's just my request to the customers and to the investors is please just don't panic. I mean, we will tell you what it is. And, make a judgment based on the facts rather than suddenly other people who have always been saying that gasification doesn't work. And then we said, Lu'An is shut down, and they said, look, I told you so, this is it, this is the end of it. Nothing else is going to happen. These guys are going to the wrong track. But again, as I said, we will always tell you exactly what we know at the time we talk to you.
Seifi Ghasemi: No other call, then that's the right time to end this. Well, I'd just like to again, thank everybody for being on our call, and listening to our presentation. We sincerely appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you again, next quarter. And as I said earlier, please stay safe and healthy. And all the best. Take care. Thank you.
