Simon Moore: Thank you, Simon. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products’ fourth quarter 2022 earnings results teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations, Corporate Relations and Sustainability. I am pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Dr. Samir Serhan, our Chief Operating Officer; Melissa Schaeffer, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Sean Major, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; and Sidd Manjeshwar, our Vice President and Corporate Treasurer. After our comments, we will be pleased to take your questions. Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website at airproducts.com. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our earnings release and on slide number two. In addition, throughout today’s discussion, we will refer to various financial measures. Unless we specifically state otherwise, when we refer to earnings per share, EBITDA, EBITDA margin, the effective tax rate and ROCE both on a total company and segment basis, we are referring to our adjusted non-GAAP financial measures, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, adjusted effective tax rate and adjusted return on capital employed. Reconciliations of these measures to our most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found on our website in the relevant earnings release section. Now, I am pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.
Simon Moore: Thank you, Seifi. Now please turn to slide 22. Power cost recovery via price for our merchant business is a primary focus to manage the ever higher energy costs in Europe. Our on-site business has contractual pass-through, which enables us to pass the energy cost to our customers and almost all of our natural gas usage is for on-site hydrogen production. As the chart shows, power costs for Europe this quarter soared to more than 5 times the level of the beginning of 2021. Our commercial team has tirelessly implemented price increases to compensate for these costs in our merchant business, turning a headwind at the beginning of the year to a tailwind by year end. Although, we have fully recovered the higher power costs for the year, we are keeping a watchful eye on energy costs heading into the winter season and we remain focused on power cost recovery in this region. . Now please turn to slide 23 for a review of our Europe results. In addition to significant energy cost increases, unfavorable currency movements also pressured our European businesses. All major local currencies were weaker versus the U.S. dollar by double digits. Compared to prior year, price increased 19% for the region, resulting from a 30% increase in merchant pricing. Prices were higher in all key sub-regions and product lines. Our volume was flat this quarter as a favorable contract amendment with an on-site electronics customer offset modestly weaker demand across our businesses. Additionally, our results no longer reflect our immaterial Russia business, which was divested in August. Negative currency reduced sales by 15% and EBITDA by 12% compared to last year. Despite this currency headwind, EBITDA improved 8% as positive price and better mix more than offset higher costs. Higher energy cost pass-through negatively impacted EBITDA margin by about 750 basis points. Excluding this impact, margin was slightly higher than last year. Compared to the prior quarter, price contributed 5% via our ongoing price actions. Volume added another 5% driven by better hydrogen activities following a planned customer turnaround last quarter and the previously mentioned contract amendment. Despite a 5% currency headwind, EBITDA was up 5% as better price and volume more than covered the higher costs. EBITDA margin was relatively flat, excluding the negative impact of higher energy cost pass-through. Compared to Q1 of this year, Europe’s operating income has improved about $50 million or about 50%, thanks primarily to our team’s successful pricing efforts. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Serhan for a discussion of our other segments.
Simon Moore: Yeah. So, in Europe, we said our volumes were roughly flat. We said we had a positive contract amendment and so our base volumes were down slightly. We didn’t quantify that, because of the details around the contract amendment, but the base volumes were down modestly, Josh.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Dr. Serhan. We believe that investing in high return projects is a better choice for our shareholders and share buyback in the long-term. We are also confident that we can deliver on near-term results while achieving our long-term goals. Although the projects that we seek to execute are large and take time, we have the competencies and the people to execute these projects and have been diligently working on them for many years to get to where we are. Now Air Products has entered a new phase of our company’s evolution, in which we expect a steady stream of meaningful contribution from these new projects going forward and for years to come. By choosing capital deployment over share buyback, we believe that we have traded quick gains in the near-term for greater reward in the future. Now please turn to slide number 27. Economies around the world continue to face considerable obstacles. The conflict in Ukraine persists, COVID restrictions in China may continue, we see that inflation, currency and supply chain issues will remain as headwinds. As always, we will push price -- we will push for price increases to compensate for additional costs, pursue additional volume opportunities, and obviously, pay close attention to our costs. With that background, for fiscal year 2023, we expect our earnings per share to be in the range of $11.20 to $11.50, representing an 11% increase at midpoint over last year. This includes an expected roughly $0.50 of negative currency impact. I would also like to add that our projections for next year are based on the fundamental assumption that the economies around the world performed as we see them today. That means we don’t have a crystal ball so we have not projected any economic growth around the world, neither have we projected a significant recession. Our guidance is based on what we see today in the economies in Americas, Europe and China. For quarter one of fiscal 2023 -- for first quarter of fiscal 2023, our earnings per share guidance is $2.60 to $2.80, up 5% to 13% over last year. Please also note that our prior results for the first quarter benefited from a gain of roughly $0.20 related to the finalization of the Jazan a separation unit joint venture. In terms of CapEx, we see our CapEx expenditure for next year to be approximately $5 billion to $5.5 billion, including the approximately $1 billion for the Phase 2 of the Jazan project. Now please turn to slide number 28. As you may recall from our last earnings call, I have been hosting in-person discussions with our employees across the regions to share our strategy and answer their questions. My goal is to talk with our more than 21,000 employees around the world over the course of the next year in small groups. I am happy to say that our employees around the world share our core values and focus on our common goals. Their commitment and motivation are truly a long-term competitive advantage. As I stated at the beginning of this call, I am proud to be working alongside them to make Air Products the leader of the clean energy future for the world. Now, we are more than pleased to answer your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Excellent question. Good morning. First of all, in terms of the capital cost, this is a greenfield site. Number two, it includes, if you are comparing it, for example, to what we are doing at NEOM, it includes liquefaction, because we believe that the future of hydrogen for mobility is in full of liquids rather than gas hydrogen. Therefore, the facility is designed to include the liquefier and it also includes auxiliary investments in order to develop the site and also in terms of how we get the product to the customers. The primary market that we are targeting is, obviously, hydrogen for mobility. The site might seem remote, but once you have liquid hydrogen, the cost of distribution of liquid hydrogen is not that significant. We right now have liquid -- make liquid hydrogen in -- near Toronto in Canada and sell it in California. So the location we chose it because of the proximity to the power and the site that was there and access to the water. So I am not concerned about the distribution costs because that is not going to be that significant in the overall scheme of things. And besides that 35 tons a day, considering that any heavy truck on the average uses about 60 kilograms per day, you need about 600 trucks and it will consume the output of this facility. So we are very optimistic about it and we are very thankful to the State of New York, to NYPA and to the Governor for facilitating us locating in this location and using hydro power.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the price increases in Europe are mainly on liquid oxygen and liquid nitrogen and liquid argon and helium, and obviously, hydrogen, all related to the cost of electricity. And in addition to that, there is general inflation. So the cost increases are a reflection of the increase of our overall cost. So if electricity prices go down, it doesn’t mean that all of our costs are necessarily have gone down. And therefore, we are going to try to hang on to the price increases for as long as we can because a lot of it is justified just based on inflation rather than just purely power costs.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yeah. Good morning, Jeff. The numbers are very clear in the Inflation Reduction Act with respect to CO2 sequestration. For every ton, you get $85, and obviously, our project in Louisiana is going to produce 5 million ton a year of CO2 that we plan to sequester, so your math is exactly correct. We will get a benefit of about $425 million, $430 million a year for 12 years in doing the sequestration after-tax. That is correct.
Seifi Ghasemi: For the hydrogen business? No, I think, that it will be a mixture, because I think some customers, even for when they are using it for fuel, like, large trucking firms and all of that, they would want to and they have talked about the possibility of long-term contracts to ensure supply. So I think that we will have a combination of both, John.
Seifi Ghasemi: No. We are not assuming any improvement in the markets. We are assuming improvement in our results, but we are saying that we have made our forecast for next year based on what we see today, that you are right, economic activity is down in Europe, it’s down in China and it’s debatable where it is in the U.S. We are basing our assumptions on currently what we see, that’s correct. We are not assuming any significant economic growth and we are not assuming any significant deterioration on where we are. Where we are is not a good place to be, but we are not expecting that to get much worse.
Seifi Ghasemi: Are you referring to our on-site business or our merchant business? I think I am not relating to the contract amendment. Simon, can you help me maybe? Yeah. Any follow on…
Seifi Ghasemi: Yeah. Good morning, John. Very good question. I would like to say, all of the above. That means that the IRA is very favorable about pursuing green hydrogen opportunities and we will do, as you saw with the announcement about the project in New York and we will do additional green hydrogen projects in the United States. And then the coverage castration and the $85 a ton will help us do additional blue hydrogen projects. We are -- as you know, we are committed to the transition and the IRA provides opportunity for us to do both of those things.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes. There has been -- especially since the war in Ukraine, there has been significant additional conversations about the need for green. Some countries in Europe are very much committed to green. Some countries are considering also blue. But the level of conversation in terms of significant demand for green and blue hydrogen in Europe is noticeable. Yes, you are very right on that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, obviously, we have the liquid hydrogen. In order to sell it, we would need hydrogen refueling stations at different locations so that the trucks can come and stop buy and get fuel. There are a lot of options about how we are doing that and we are exploring all of those options. This is something that we know how to do. I think we already have about 112 of these stations or more than that around the world. We have patents. We know how to build these things. We know how to design these. And I have to say that, I think, we are at the forefront of technology for these kind of especially liquid stations. So we will be building those in order to be able to sell the product.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I think, in the context of the U.S. economy, even you add up that all of those projects are real projects rather than just MOUs. But I mean, it’s not enough to kind of affect the inflation of the cost of a plant that you are going to build in the U.S., I don’t think so. We are not focused on that. We don’t think that’s relevant.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yeah. Good morning, Mike. I think the natural gas prices increases in Europe have moderated, but there’s still natural gas prices in Europe are around $30 a 1 million Btu, which is 6 times or 7 times what they used to be. In terms of the natural gas prices, as you correctly said, is mostly attached to cost for us. The relevant thing becomes if that higher natural gas costs affect the cost of electricity, which they do. And we haven’t seen the electricity prices moderating as much as obviously the -- or other people would like to see it, but I do not expect a significant change. But energy prices, as we all know, are pretty unpredictable. It depends on a lot of things, so I don’t want to speculate on that. But the one thing that I hope, Mike, we have demonstrated is that we have the ability, the agility and the determination to be flexible and react to that and recover the cost increases, which we have done. I think that’s the good news.
Seifi Ghasemi: Hi, Duffy. How are you? I -- you are asking a very, very good question and thank you for noticing. The fact that we have grown our traditional business, we are not just focused on large projects in that part of the world. Theoretically, what you are saying is correct. The only unpredictable thing in this is what is going to happen to these shutdowns in China, because right now one of the provinces that we operate is Shanxi Province that found some COVID cases in some of the coal mines and then now the whole state is shutdown and all that. Those things do affect our business in the short-term, so and that -- they are totally unpredictable. But if you assume that none of those things will happen, obviously, the fact that we are bringing these new facilities online, they have helped last quarter and they will help in the future, absolutely.
Seifi Ghasemi: So, Duffy, I am a little bit hesitant to predict that, because, obviously, with our business, we are a leading indicator in terms of -- since we don’t have any inventory, I can tell you exactly what is happening now. But -- and now you know the state of affairs. But predicting what is going to happen in the next month or two months or three months, especially both in China and also in the U.S. and all of that, with so many different things moving would be very difficult. But this is why, as I said, for our guidance, we assume that things are the way they are right now rather than predicting any of or down. So we have to wait and see. Sorry about that. I can’t be specific with that.
Seifi Ghasemi: I can give you that. I mean, right now, if you look at all of Asia, we are at around 77%, 78%. Europe is, depending on which country you are, it goes somewhere from as high as maybe 81%, 82% in U.K. to as low as 72%, 73% in certain parts of Europe. And in the U.S., we are at around 77%, 78%.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, Chris, thank you very much. Obviously, in China, everybody is, obviously, when they talk to you, nobody wants to be pessimistic that, everybody wants to be optimistic. So it’s very difficult based on the input that you get talking to different people to make an estimate of what the real economy will do. I do not expect a significant change up or down. I think it will be steady. But who knows what’s going to happen. But right now, it’s my best estimate is exactly what we have put in our -- for our guidance is that things will stay where they are currently in terms of utilization and in terms of the GDP growth, okay.
Seifi Ghasemi: Sure. In terms of the Canadian operation, the increase was a little bit of changes in Scope and also with respect to once we got finalized with our customer about what they wanted. The return on that project is still very good, because we adjusted the prices to compensate for that. So I don’t expect any downside on that, and actually, we will have some more to say about that project in the next few weeks. With respect to the electronic projects, I can’t say more than what we have disclosed, because we are under confidentiality agreement with the customers and the customers don’t want us to talk about the project because they don’t want anybody to know where it is and what they are doing. But you have the details. It’s the $900 million in Taiwan for the very big semiconductor manufacturer. So you can almost guess what that is and the other one is for some other people. So I can’t give you any more -- be any more specific than what we have already been, because of the restrictions by our customers.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the reason we mentioned is that, because they did affect our operations, because it caused, most of these lockdowns affect our distribution costs and sometimes it causes some of the plans to have to shut down. So the reason we mentioned it is because they did have an effect on our operations. Yes.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, our debt is in form of bonds. It’s not -- most of our debt -- we have approximately $7.5 billion, $8 billion of debt. Most of it is corporate bonds, which -- where the interest rates are fixed and we will pay them down based on the schedule that we have in the bond payments. And we disclose those, so you can see when you are supposed to pay down significant amounts of our debt, okay.
Seifi Ghasemi: They are working on it and they are -- they have the truck and the development and we are looking forward and receiving the trucks. I think they are a little bit delayed in terms of the schedule that they have promised us. But we are -- we continue working with them. And I have to say that…
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the cost is very much location dependent in terms of how much work do you have to do, in terms of greenfield site, existing sites, what are the things that you have to do in order to get a real project going. But I don’t expect the cost of building green hydrogen projects to significantly come down. There is no reason for that. We have inflation. And this thing about the fact that cost of electrolyzers will go down is a myth, number one, and number two, the electrolyzers are not a significant part of the cost of building the green hydrogen facility. So that is just something promoted by somebody, I don’t know who. But in the real world, the cost of building a plant two years from now or five years from now or three years from now will be higher because of inflation. So the sooner you build these things, the better it is.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yeah. Thank you very much. I would just like to thank everybody for listening to our presentation. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. As I said earlier, please stay safe and healthy and all the very best. Thank you very much and also thank you very much for the very good questions. We appreciate it. Have a great day. Thank you.
Melissa Schaeffer: Okay. Thank you. So that is largely intercompany CTA, Jeff. There is a portion of that is associated to one of our large projects deferred costs, but the massive majority is associated to our intercompany CTA.
Melissa Schaeffer: So that will -- there will be a decrease next year associated again to that role, that the large project deferred cost, but it won’t change largely now.
Melissa Schaeffer: So, Jeff, that’s largely associated to our project for JIGPC and so the fluctuations in there is all just the timing of the distributions from that joint venture.
Melissa Schaeffer: Yeah. Thank you, Seifi. Yeah. So for the non-service components, so if I look back at FY 2022, that was about $0.15 benefit. But we are forecasting for FY 2023 an anticipated $0.35 headwind moving forward.
Melissa Schaeffer: Yeah. Thank you, Seifi. So we have talked a lot about a crystal ball. Obviously, we don’t have a crystal ball of where interest rates are going to go. But we don’t anticipate them moving up to a double level in the next year. That being said, right now, given our current access to the liquidity market, we actually don’t anticipate having to go to the debt market in the near-term. But obviously, we are always evaluating the market and the rate that we obtained given our AA2 rating.
