Simon R. Moore: Thank you, Camille. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products second quarter 2017 earnings results teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I am pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President & CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Corning Painter, Air Products' Executive Vice President, responsible for Industrial Gases. After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions. Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure on page 2 of the slides and in today's earnings release. Just for your information, in May, we plan to file an 8-K with the SEC that will provide revised historical annual financial statements excluding the impacts of the now separated Versum and PMD businesses. You'll recall we moved these businesses to discontinued operations starting last quarter. The updated annual statements will reflect our FY 2016 non-GAAP continuing operations EPS of $5.64 per share. We do not expect this filing to provide any new material information for investors. Now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.
Simon R. Moore: Thank you, Corning. Please turn to slide 17. Our Corporate segment includes our LNG business, our helium container business and our corporate costs. Sales and profits were down versus last year on continued significantly lower LNG project activity. As we have said, the lack of customer decisions on new LNG projects is having a significant impact on our business, and we continue to expect at least a $0.30 headwind in LNG for FY 2017 versus FY 2016. We did see a positive impact from the TSAs with Evonik and Versum. Now, please turn to slide 18, and I'll turn the call back over to Seifi for a discussion of our outlook.
Simon R. Moore: And if I could, that's obviously in our merchant business, right. We continue to have very robust pass-through of energy costs in our tonnage and onsite business.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you, again, Simon. Before we take your questions, I would like to make a few comments about our outlook. As we move forward, I want to remind our shareholders that Air Products is in a very strong position. Our safety and operating performance continue to be strong. We have taken action to deliver our $100 million of operational improvements this year and are focused on additional action to offset the stranded cost from the separation of Materials Technologies business. We remain committed and confident in our ability to deliver on our cost savings and our EPS commitments. Our portfolio actions and the strong cash flow generation of our company provides us with almost $5 billion of capacity to invest now and over $1 billion per year in addition for the future. So over the next three years, we expect to have at least $8 billion to deploy and we certainly intend to deploy that. We are committed to staying disciplined and won't invest our money unless we are confident the risk-return profile will create significant value for our shareholders. And we see exciting opportunities to invest in M&A, asset buybacks and large industrial gas projects. However, we do continue to be cautious about the future. That was the investment we made in January and we have seen no significant reason to change our view. We continue to be concerned about the lack of concrete economic policy in the United States, the effect of Brexit on the UK and European economies, and overall geopolitical tensions in the Far and Middle East. I would like to stress that the fact that we are cautious is not in any way, shape or form related to specific issues at Air Products. Air Products is doing well and you see that in the numbers and we continue to believe that Air Products by itself will continue to do well. But we cannot ignore the overall economic and geopolitical situation around the world and that is the reason for our cautious approach. With this background, we are maintaining our guidance for full year 2017 at EPS of $6 to $6.25 per share with the (sic) [which at] midpoint, which is a substantial increase, of 9% over the previous year. And our guidance for the third quarter fiscal year 2017 EPS is $1.55 to $1.60 per share, which is also up 9% versus last year at midpoint. At this point, again, I want to thank all of the employees of Air Products for their continued hard work and commitment in delivering another strong quarter of results in safety and financial performance. I am very proud to be a member of this winning team. Now, we will be delighted to answer your questions.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you very much, P.J. Our decision to pursue Yingde is definitely strategic. When you look at the projections of the GDP at purchase prosperity, by 2030, it is projected that China will have a GDP of about $33 billion, by far the largest economy in the world. That is where the growth is right now. The growth is in China and in India by any kind of a measure. Therefore it was strategic and that we will continue to be focused on China. There are a lot of other opportunities other than Yingde and we are pursuing those, and I hope in the not too distant a future, we have some more news on that. With respect to packaged gases, we are in the packaged gases business everywhere except the United States. So, the places that we are in packaged gases like in Latin America, like in Europe, like in China, we definitely are interested in expanding our packaged gases business. We continue to look at acquisitions in that area. The only area that we are not and we don't intend to be in packaged gases business is in the United States, because we believe that just the competition makes it very difficult to make money.
Seifollah Ghasemi: First of all, good morning, John. Yes, we are. This is why in the past call on, say, two years, we have been saying that we don't see any slowdown in coal gasification in China. We actually see opportunities. We do see opportunities. We are very well-positioned there. We already have three gigantic coal gasification plants operational, where we are supplying oxygen successfully to our customers. Those plants are running well. We are getting paid and we will be pursuing those from a good pole position.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Those opportunities are still there. It is going to take a fair amount of time because this is not a quick process, we have to demonstrate to people that we can create value, but we have a lot of projects underway and we are talking to customers and hopefully in time we will have appropriate news for you.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Bob, we call it raw materials, but it is all power. I mean, obviously air is free, but the power cost, that is what is driving that line. And we mentioned this thing last quarter, that significant number of the nuclear power plants in France were down, that pushed up their power prices. That has subsided, so in the future quarters you wouldn't see that, but that is what is driving that number.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Very simply, a very concrete economic policy that has passed Congress and it is enacted into law, so that we can make an assessment of what is happening in the United States. The second one is a concrete indication of what Brexit actually is going to mean. And the third thing is going to be hopefully a lessening of tensions in Far East and in the Middle East, that we are not going to get into another war. Those would be the three things. Please, Jim, we are cautious about the future because we don't know what is going to happen in the future, so we need to be cautious about that. But as I said, Air Products is doing fine and we are very confident about what Air Products does, but if something significant happens, we need to be prepared for that. But right now, everything about the U.S. economy is a guess. Nothing has passed Congress into law, whether it is taxes, whether it is infrastructure projects, nothing has passed into law, so we don't know what to expect and that's why we are being cautious. And Brexit, there is a lot of discussion about what's going to happen. One day it's going to be a hard negotiation, one day it's going to be soft negotiation. Now we are going to have election in UK. So, those are the ones that makes us a little bit cautious. Well, maybe we are too cautious, but that's usually not a bad thing.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Jim, first of all, I'd just like to clarify, I didn't give you a three-year timeline. So, the timeline is open. Number two, currently, we don't have any plans to return money to the shareholders because we think we can deploy the money. As time goes by, we'll see how well we are doing. I mean, if in the first year and the second year, we have deployed zero, then I think the strategy will change. But overall, as I said before, considering what we are working on, we continue to be confident that we can put that money to work in good returns and create value for our shareholders. That is what distinguishes Air Products from the other companies. That is our future. That is why we are not interested in big mergers and acquisitions. That's why, we are not running after buying another big company, because we do have the capability and a clear vision of what we are going to do. Air Products is going to do very well [as a] standalone, we don't need anybody's help.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Sure. Kevin, we are chasing pretty sizable projects. In order to deploy the $8 billion, it sounds like a lot of money, if we just had another four Jazan projects, that deploys all of the cash. We are pursuing very big projects and, as a result, it's going to take time, it's going to be more difficult, it's going to be more complicated, but that is the reason that we remain confident. There are people who are very interested in talking to us about gasification, about expanding our scope of supply to syngas, those projects are all $2 billion, $3 billion projects. And in addition with the hydrogen, yes, we are looking at, sometimes, kind of making a wholesale deal with people in terms of acquiring many plants rather than just one or two plants. And in addition to that, there is a possibility that some assets will come available as a result of the merger of some other companies, so we are looking at all of that. So, putting all of that together, again at this stage, we believe we can deploy the cash, but time – thank you, Kevin.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Jeff, first of all, good morning. And as usual, you've always asked very good questions. I did use my words very carefully when I said at this time, because you never know what happens in terms of how the events turn out. There were many reasons that we decided to stop. And what did stop mean? If we wanted to pursue it, it means that we would have had to offer more than $6 a share. We decided that this is not the time to do that. At some future time, it might be the time to do that. So, I just wanted to not close the door there.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that – there is no question that the pricing is flat and the volume growth in the merchant business is nothing to write home about. We fully understand that. And that is why Air Products has chosen not to significantly expand our merchant business and our packaged gases business, and you know very well that that's why we didn't pursue some opportunities in that area. We are focused on the large onsite projects and there are plenty of those projects to pursue. So, we believe that we will be able – by pursuing those projects, we will continue to be able to maintain our margins. Our goal is to maintain our margins at around 35%. And if because of the circumstances or certain events in the world, we would need to take a look at improving our productivity and our cost position in order to maintain our margins, we certainly will do that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Dave, you do know that it will be very difficult for us to make any comments about prices. So, I would like to take a rain check on that, if you don't mind, Dave.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I think Corning should address that. I obviously don't like it, but Corning will have comments on that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, we don't want to give you any numbers, but I would like to say that the Jazan project is making good progress. We are on schedule. We are on plan. So I don't see any reason why the number – why we would have any kind of a significant change there. But overall, I'd rather not break it down because then you have to break down what is the negative effect of LNG and all of that. But overall, for Jazan, we are doing fine.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Okay. With that then, I think that we would like to – we have gone over the time, but no problem. I just like to thank everybody for being on the call, we do appreciate that. Thanks for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. In the meantime, have a nice day and all the best to all of you. Thanks again.
Corning F. Painter: Yes. So, thank you, Bob, for the opportunity. So, we feel good about our volume growth that we had. You see the headline looking at overall Americas, obviously, that's impacted heavily on LOX/LIN, and there's also some HyCO sales in that, and that's impacted when we have outages. But if we were going to look at some of the core products, liquid hydrogen, helium, argon, our growth rates are substantially higher in those areas, and I think that's particularly important to us.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So let's start with the operating rates. So operating rates for us are in the 70s around the world. Actually our highest rates are in Asia, where they're in the upper 70s and that would include China. The merchant business, by its virtue, is one that sees a wide range of customers, so that's what I would say is the driver for us, no specific one industry but a wide range of opportunities. And in general, throughout the world, but particularly in China, we've driven a lot of strength in moving from retail to wholesale. So that's at a ratio really where it should be – I'm sorry, from wholesale to retail, and that's now at a ratio that's sort of at a global world-class for us. So all in all, I'd say the merchant business is positive for us. Even in South America, the liquid/bulk business for us has been a positive last quarter and this quarter.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. The issue for us in pricing has, to date, really been around the power cost that Seifi referred to earlier that incurred in the first half. What's happened is we have made moves to recover those power cost increases. We've actually recovered about 50% of it so far. You don't see that when you look at that slide right now, because at the same time, we had a mix in our customers where large customers took more product. And typically, with a large customer, our cost of supply is less, and therefore the pricing is less. So, for example, the person who takes a large container or a large load of helium in liquid phase versus in gaseous phase, lower cost of supply per molecule, lower molecule price to them. So, that's what's going on. If we were going to look at, let's just say, March, where power rates were more where we expect them to run for the rest of the year and the overall gains we've made in pricing, we see ourselves well on track to recover the remaining 50%. So, we're quite confident on that. I'd rather not go into a timing discussion of that because I think that has some commercial implications for us in negotiations, but we think we're in a good position there.
Corning F. Painter: So, I'd say we're in the neighborhood of $0.03 for us on maintenance in this quarter. We'll see a slightly higher – also we'll see, relative to last year, higher costs next quarter, fourth quarter we'll be a little less. Let me just stress though, these are maintenance costs, and we're talking about hydrogen SMRs largely being what swings the numbers around. These are plants that come down every three years, four years for maintenance. And so it's, by its nature, lumpy. I think we have made great progress in this area. And the outage that we took this last quarter in Europe, that plant had been operating for over 1,300 days, right. And we're going to push and push with regulatory people, the right to continue to operate that plant longer, as we've gotten smarter and better in how we operate and maintain these plants on the fly. So, I think there's a positive story there, but we're always going to have this up and down as when this project is scheduled.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So, you can imagine, we have known for quite a long time where this contract – when it was going to terminate. We're on it. We've got people focused on filling in the volumes. I'd rather not talk a lot about particular progress or margins just because I think that gives one competitor, in particular, a pretty good ability to calculate into our economics.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah, I'm sorry to confirm for you, when you look at the crude light's blend and everything else, the split, how they run it, we don't see a huge impact for us in terms of incremental demand with the new marine regs. I think that's not going to be a huge impact.
