Seifi Ghasemi: Well, P.J., thank you for the question. The new project with respect to the downstream side, obviously, we are working in developing the infrastructure needed to bring in the green ammonia, crack it and then sell it to our customers. So those projects are underway. In terms of any contract signing and all of that, we have said from the beginning two years ago that we are going to be very cautious about saying anything about that, because that is an issue of competitive advantage. And we certainly don't want to give all of our secrets away. With respect to the question that you asked about energy costs, obviously, the significant fluctuation in energy costs and especially them going up is going to make it more competitive for the green and clean products. So from that point of view, the level of interest in Green hydrogen and Blue hydrogen has significantly increased around the world. 
Seifi Ghasemi: And Melissa will address that but that's a very, very complicated transaction and I'm not sure she will be able to answer all of your details of your question on the call. We can always have another call with you on the side to give you the details. But I'll turn it over to Melissa to say what you can on this call. Go ahead Melissa. 
Seifi Ghasemi: Sure. It's actually pretty straightforward. What happens is that we anticipate energy cost increases and the announced price increases. But energy prices have been going up significantly higher than our anticipation. Therefore, we need to take a delayed action to increase prices to recover what has happened in the past. That is why there will be a delay in recovering the cost. We will take the action. But obviously from the time we take the action and invoice the customer until we get the money and all of that there is a delayed action. But fundamentally we can't increase prices every day. We do that every quarter. And what we anticipated for the first quarter of this year was significantly lower than what actually happened. So now we have increased prices starting January 1 and we will increase prices starting April 1st, and as we go with different customers and that is why there is a lag. 
Seifi Ghasemi: That is an excellent question. At this point in time, we are doing carbon capture in order to produce green -- I mean, blue hydrogen specifically. So I don't see us branching into that. But if that becomes a very attractive sector and we have the technology we take a look at it. But right now we are doing carbon capture those projects in conjunction with producing blue hydrogen.
Seifi Ghasemi: Jeff, the thing is that everything, obviously, depends on your view of the world and in terms of what will happen. Look at this quarter, we had high expectations for this quarter but then COVID came in and Europe got shut down. And energy price has been up significantly higher. I am not shy to say that I am very concerned about some of the geopolitical tensions what would be the implications of that for energy prices. Heavens forbid if anything happens we do train and so on, but that's due to Europe energy. So as a result, we are trying to be balanced and give people projections that we realistically believe we can meet. Now you can say we are conservative, but we might not be. But we didn't see any reason at this point in time considering what has happened in the first quarter to change our guidance. Now if next quarter things change we will, obviously, share any thoughts that we have with you.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, first of all good morning, John. Hope all is well with you and I talked to you for one. With respect to the question that you're asking, you always get it right. That is exactly what we're trying to do. That means that we are increasing the prices. And then hopefully, as energy cost goes down, we expect to keep some of those prices because to make up for the fact that we didn't get enough of it in the previous quarters. So you're right. If energy prices go down, if they go down then we will have an upside. But that's a big if John. But that is exactly, right. You have – you are thinking about it exactly the way we are trying to execute.
Seifi Ghasemi: Good morning Chris. But the thing is that I gave you an update on Lu'An that the project is -- the plant is operating at full scale and all of that. And we had consciously given a break to the customer for two years for a lot of good reasons. And now we expect that to be going back to normal at the October of 2022. The other projects are being executed on plan. We don't expect any major issues with those. So, up to now we are -- we don't have any significant disruption that we need to talk about.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, we have decided not to talk about those projects and there are a lot of them as you alluded to until we sign a final contract. So, we don't want to announce MOUs or we don't want to announce every time that I have a video conference with the minister or anything like that. So, those -- the opportunities are there. And when those contracts get to the stage that they are definitive contracts, then we will obviously announce them, but those projects are there. We haven't seen any slowdown.
Seifi Ghasemi: But they are delayed because of COVID in terms of getting to the final stage of the contract. But I expect that they do.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes. David, I'm very glad that you asked the question. When we say the delay, please it is not as if we are delayed in price increases. We are following -- let's say, here is the month of end of April, right? And our team gets together and say, we anticipate that prices in June July and August, the price of energy will go up 10%. Therefore, we announce a 10% increase on prices on June 1, right? If the price during that quarter of June, July and August goes up 20%, then we have fallen behind. Then in the month -- the next quarter, now we need to raise the prices 30% to catch up again. But then the energy prices -- but our issue in Europe has been that every time we anticipate price increases, the actual price increases goes way beyond that. There was no way that we would have predicted, no way, that natural gas prices in Europe will go up 6 times. There was no way that we would have predicted that electricity cost in Europe will get to $0.20 a kilowatt. So that is the delay. It is not as if we are delayed in action. It is the fact that our anticipation of price increases were lower because we thought it was pretty robust, but the real world got ahead of us. That is why we are lagging behind. We think that we will see a significant improvement in the performance of our business in Europe in the quarter we are in. I fully expect that. But who knows what happens with the energy price? That is our inability. That is where we are falling short in terms of ability to predict energy prices, but nobody could do that because they have been so unprecedented, that if at the beginning of last year you would have told somebody that electricity costs for Air Products will go from a few cents a 100 , to $0.20, we would have thought that was unreasonable. But that's the way it has worked out. I hope I made myself clear, David, doing a lot of talking.
Seifi Ghasemi: Hi Kevin, very good question. The thing is that, there is a list of about 30 items in there and we can go through that with you off-line in terms of some of that. Some of that has got to do with the fact that we had some one-off benefits last year. So when you compare this year to last year those numbers look as if the costs have gone up significantly. But there is no question that the -- our underlying costs are higher because of all of the money that we are spending in the development of the projects that -- the mega projects. I mean each one of these projects takes $5 million $10 million to develop. As I said before, we have added 3000 people to our organization in order to deal with that. Now as some of these projects become investment projects and approved by our board then some of these costs could go into capital rather than just being charged to the bottom line. But while a lot is going on they are charged to the bottom line. They are ongoing costs. So, I don't expect the number to be as big as it is this quarter. But underlying we probably have $20 million $30 million a year of additional cost because of what we are doing with the mega projects. 
Seifi Ghasemi: Well again thank you for the question, Kevin. And we thought 8% is pretty robust. You're saying that your dividend is not growing as much as your EPS. But we obviously want to have some cash for growth. But there is another measure that we have talked about. This is not how we decide on dividend. We have a lot of factors into that. But overall, we have always said that we want the dividend to be something between 2% to 2.5% of the stock price, in terms of our dividend yield. So if you take $1.62 x 4 and divide it by the stock price, we are at around 2.3%, 2.4%. That's another measure. But as I said that's not the only way that we decide on EPS. There's a lot of factors in terms of cash flow and all of that. But that's -- and besides that we are way ahead of everybody else in our sector in terms of dividend. So we didn't want to overdo it Kevin. 
Seifi Ghasemi: I don't think so John. I mean at the end of the day this is all a function of the competitive environment and the utilization of your facilities. In China right now, our utilization of our merchant facilities is in mid-80s. So at mid-80s if power costs go up I think we will have the ability to pass that through.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, for that to materialize, we need to get COVID to go away so that the economic activity goes up. And then usually inflationary environment is a good thing for industrial gases usually, but not always. But we think that if the inflationary environment continues and we are able to increase prices and then if the cycle turns and we keep some of those price increases that might be a positive. It's very difficult to quantify that right now.
Seifi Ghasemi: Mike in my comments I tried to shed some light into that by saying that first of all the impact, there was an impact but it was not material in the first quarter. The impact was a lot more in the month of October than it turned out to be in the month of November and December. And it seems that the harshness with which the government was trying to implement that back in September, October, has subsided a little bit. And as a result, we don't expect any material effect of that on our results in the next quarter.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, first of all, when we did some of these projects, we obviously have made provisions for possible inflation and all that. But at the end of the day it is a fact that some of the costs are going up. In terms of how much of it we can pass on to the on-site customers and so on is very much dependent on the details of the contract that we have negotiated with the specific customers. So I cannot make a general statement. But overall, there is pressure on us to be very diligent to make sure that we stay on top of the cost for our projects and all of that and make sure that they don't eat into our returns as you alluded to.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well I – to some extent, you can calculate it in the sense that for the first quarter you have two months of Jazan. So for the next quarter, you have three months of Jazan. And most of that cost is Jazan. So you can kind of triangulate that approximately to come up with the number you are looking for.
Seifi Ghasemi: I expect that number to be pretty stable because it's basically a facility too. I don't expect that to change significantly and our maintenance cost shouldn't change that significantly.
Seifi Ghasemi: I have no idea because it depends on what gets allocated how much of that will be for hydrogen where the locations will be what would be the criteria? I mean we are -- these projects as you know there's sometimes a lot of strings attached that some of it might not be acceptable to us and all of that. So, it is very, very difficult to project at this stage because they have just started. They obviously are engaged with the Department of Energy because we have some real hydrogen projects. It's not theoretical. But I have really no visibility into what that number could be or should be.
Seifi Ghasemi: Sure. I mean, there is two pipelines. Obviously, we go through all of this thing before we give you guidance. And because of what you said that's why we didn't change our guidance for the year. But number one, you know the results for the first quarter. We have given you guidance for the second quarter, so you can add it up and you get to what we expect to make in the first half. Usually from a seasonality point of view, approximately, if you take all of the years, we make about 47%, 48% of our profit during the first half and 52% to 53% of it during the second half. So that is the seasonality kind of a thing that you can take a look at. And then the other thing is that, we do expect that we will get ahead of this energy cost in Europe a little bit and therefore, recover some of that. And therefore the performance of our European sector will be better. And when you look at this quarter, actually the performance of our business in Asia and in the United States were very good. It's just that Europe that hit our results. So if you put the combination of the seasonality and the recovery in Europe, then we have a reasonable chance of doing the guidance that we have given you.
Seifi Ghasemi: Nothing that substantial, because over there, those customers on our on-site business are obviously paying for the higher energy costs. So we are not receiving any special compensation or anything like that. They're just paying for the additional energy cost and we get our fee at our contract.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, thank you very much everybody for participating in our call. We appreciate your attention and your good questions. And we wish you good health and success for the balance of the quarter and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you again.
Melissa Schaeffer: Yes. Thank you very much Seifi. Thank you P.J. for the question. So as Seifi mentioned very complex, but just a quick highlight. So as we mentioned during our statements that 1/3 of the contribution from the JIGPC joint venture is in nonoperating income. This is the interest income on our investment as a shareholder loan. So this is just our efficient way of funding the joint venture. 
Melissa Schaeffer: Yes. Thank you, Seifi. Jeff, I think you're referring to the undistributed earnings of equity affiliates and the cash flow statement. So this is... 
Melissa Schaeffer: Yes. Thank you. So this is cash on the operating activity from the joint venture. So as the dividends are distributed later this year, which we fully expect, they will go through the investment section.
Melissa Schaeffer: Yeah. Thank you Seifi. Because of where we are in our funding, we are going through a derisking glide path. And that is a portion of the reason that you're seeing that change.
