Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you very much, Scott (ph). Now, please turn to slide number 23 for our Asia results. Sales increased 15% compared to last year supported by a strong volume, better price, and favorable currencies. Volumes were up 6%, reversing the negative trend of the previous 4 quarters. Base volumes, driven by COVID recovering and the addition of numerous small new plants, more than offset the reduced Lu'An contribution. Asia pricing overall was positive 1%, primarily divided -- driven by good performance in China across most product lines. This was the 17th consecutive quarter of year-on-year price improvement in Asia. Sequentially, the price was also positive by 1%. EBITDA increased 9% driven primarily by favorable price, volume, currencies, and equity affiliate income. Costs compared  partly using inflation and COVID -related incentives last year. I should say COVID -related government incentives and costs last year. EBITDA margin of 47.4% was 270 basis points lower as reduced Lu'An contribution and increased costs more than offset the benefits of higher price, volume, and equity affiliate income. Operating income and margin compared unfavorably to EBITDA and EBITDA margin due to higher quality affiliate income and additional depreciation from new plants. Sequentially, sales and profit improved as economic activities rebounded following the Lunar New Year holidays. Now, I would like to turn the call back to Scott (ph) to talk about America's results.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you very much, Simon. Now, please turn to Slide number 28. Air Products continues to deliver consistent earnings and cash flow. Our on-site business, which is awfully 1/2 of our total sales, remains stable. We have seen signs of improvement in merchant volumes, particularly relative to the very challenging Quarter 3 last year. As I mentioned earlier, the Lu'An facility is operating at full capacity, and we expect the Jazan transaction to achieve financial close by the end of September 2021. For Quarter 4 of the fiscal year 2021, our Earnings per share guidance is $2.44 to $2.54 up 11% to 16% over last year. This makes our guidance for our fiscal year be 895 to 905, up approximately 8% over last year, and within the range, we shared with you last Quarter. We continue to see our Capex of approximately 2.5 billion for the year 2021. Our fiscal year '21 EPS and Capex guidance excludes any contribution from just  Meanwhile, we continue to execute our other projects, bringing them on a stream and finalizing agreements with our customers. We are committed to our capital deployment strategy and to growing our pipeline of projects. We continue to be very optimistic about our focused, long-term growth strategy. The capital deployment projections that we shared with you today for the next 6 years demonstrate our significant growth potential in the years to come. Now, please turn to Slide number 29. The only sustainable long-term competitive advantage of any Company is the degree of commitment and motivation of the people in the enterprise. We are fortunate to have that commitment with our people. By working together against the hardships of the pandemic, supporting our customers and each other, I am proud to say that we have made our even stronger in the process. Not only have we continued to strengthen our base business, but also further extend our core competencies, pursuing our growth strategy. Our gasification, Carbon capture, and Hydrogen growth platforms all support the drive for a cleaner environment. And we are executing mega escape projects in all three areas. We all know that the most desire for clean energy will only accelerate our differentiated growth strategy and unmatched expertise, which have positioned Air Products to continued strong success and growth well in the future. As always, I want to again, thank our customers around the world. In innovating alongside you, the dedicated and committed people of Air Products are doing their part to achieve our common higher purpose of creating a better world for everyone. Now, we are very pleased to answer any questions that you have.
Seifi Ghasemi: Good morning, Vincent, and thank you very much for your comment about Scott. He's a great guy. We all know that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yeah. With respect to your specific question Vincent (ph), out of the additional $12 billion that we announced in the next 6 years, we expect about 5 billion to be in support of our existing business, and the balance of it being the large projects. And in terms of the focus, we are going to stay very focused, Vincent, and spend our money on gasification, hydrogen, which is blue and green, and CO2 capture. We are going to try not to venture too much outside of those three specific areas. And its significant opportunity.  Now that you asked the question, it gives me -- we came up with the $30 billion, not because of lack of projects. It is because we wanted to demonstrate what is our financial capacity to maintain our A rating. As we go forward, obviously, we cannot project your EBITDA for 2030. So that's why we are constrained. There are a lot of projects in the areas of gasification, hydrogen, and CO2.  As you can see in the future, and we're going to stay focused on that because I believe by being focused, you get results rather than being all over the place.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes. 2 very good questions. Number 1, when you look at it, say that it is flat, the global economy is improving. Please take note that the global economy is improving and people going to restaurants and flying around. In the major economies that we are operating in, the industrial economy has not improved that much.  That's number 1. The second thing, our results are significantly affected by Lu'An. You know that very well because Lu'An had an EBITDA contribution every year at full capacity under normal circumstances of almost $150, $160 million a year.  When you -- when that number comes down, then it distorts all of the numbers. But please look at our volumes. Another thing is that our results are affected by another significant item which I have mentioned many times before.  We are investing in increased  organizations significantly to develop these new projects. When we enhance in a project like Canada, we have been working on 4 other projects. Each one of these projects cost $4 million or $5 million, $10 billion -- $10 million to develop.  We are spending that money because we are investing for the future. That is taking also hitting our result. But look at our volumes. If you look at our volumes, our volumes are better than all of our competitors during that period. We have grown our base volumes. If you take all of the mumbo jumbos out of other people's results and our results, our volume growth has improved better than anybody else.  It's 12%. So, therefore, I don't  that's number 1. The second thing with respect to their return on capital employed, it depends on number 1, how you calculate it. Because if we can calculate our return on capital employed, the way other people calculate it where they don't consider the cash, we are at 16% not at 10%.  The second thing is our return capital employed has gone down because we borrowed $5 billion that is still sitting on our balance sheet and having deployed that. Once we deploy that, once we pay for the Jazan 2.5 billion, your return on capital employed will jump up.
Seifi Ghasemi: Sure. Thank you very much. I think that during the course of his comments, Scott mentioned, that if you take our volumes and compare it to pre-COVID, we are 8% ahead in terms of our mentioned volumes. So we are actually, volume-wise, ahead of where we were before the COVID started.  That's one of the previous points that I was making. Then with respect to your second question about the one-time items, we don't want to give too much detail about those because it involves customers and so on, and some of the people don't want to exactly for us to disclose exactly what we set out for them if it's close the refinery or something like that. So I -- apologies for not answering that question.
Seifi Ghasemi: There are new projects, but it is not substantial. Even if you exclude the new projects, we're ahead.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the expectation that we had was that the U.S. economy on the industrial side especially, would be stronger than it is and especially also, I mean the hydrogen. Those things didn't develop to our expectations. For the rest of it, we did have visibility on that the surprise was the performance in the Americas.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yeah. It is going to depend on the details of the final structure of the financing and all of that, but yes. We have said that once we do financial close and we pay a certain amount of money, we are going to get the VFCO, the basic facility in accordance with how much money we have put in. You should expect a good contribution in 2022, yes.
Seifi Ghasemi: The NEOM project, we obviously are working on it. We have, I think at least around 400 people working on that project. The project is moving forward. We are clear and preparing the ground. And the engineering is going forward, so we are making progress on that project. With respect to Indonesia, I don't have any updates. Indonesia has a lot of issues there with the COVID and all of that, so I don't really have any updates.
Seifi Ghasemi: Right. For the longest term, we are actually very bullish about our hydrogen pipeline in the Gulf Coast. We expect that the hydrogen network to be nearly sold out in about 2 years' time. Because the fundamental drivers for growth are there, the refineries will come back, and it is a significant trend. And Mike (ph), you know, that very well. To work converting the refineries into making renewable diesel. And the, as we have said, the intensity of hydrogen for renewable diesel is higher than other things. We remain very optimistic about that. It's just quarter by quarter, the numbers move, but for the longer term, we are very optimistic about that hydrogen pipeline and that whole infrastructure there.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I don't think so. I think that in Europe there is a structural issue that when you decide that you don't want to use nuclear and then you don't want to decide to use coal, then the other alternative sources of energy are more expensive. I mean, in some parts of Europe, energy costs last Quarter were almost 100% more than last year. I think that power cost increases in Europe are going to be a thing of the future. And in order -- and that's why a lot of these things that people talk about making green hydrogen using the grid in Europe is a little bit of a  in the sky. But overall, I think that our job is to increase our prices to compensate for the power costs. And our contracts are structured that way. Sometimes we might get a little bit of a lag in implementing that, but our people know exactly what they need to do. And in time, we will catch up. But I don't think oil prices in Europe are going to ease.
Seifi Ghasemi: You just asked me a question that I cannot answer because we have been prohibited by Saudi Aramco to talk about the state of operation of the refinery and what stage it is, and how it is operating and so on, for security reasons. So I cannot tell you what is operating, what is not operating, and all of that. I mean, if you want, you can ask that question from Saudi Aramco but they can say probably the same things that I said. So I apologize.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I obviously don't want to speak for Suncor. They are a customer of ours, but they are not the only supplier. They have their own SMRs. So what they intend to do, our contract with them lasts until 2028. I don't know what is their intention about doing a project to replace their owns. Doing projects to replace their own and what they buy from us, that's something that you have to talk to them about. I don't want to be speaking for them. But project they announced, it'll come on stream in 2028, and our project would come on stream in 2024.
Seifi Ghasemi: First of all, with respect to that specific customer who made those comments, I wish them very good luck and to what they are doing. We have stopped supplying them for a very simple reason because beating the product that we have is worth a lot more and we can sell it for a higher price at -- to other people, therefore. We are in the business of making money. There was no sense for us to continue to sell hydrogen at low prices. That's why we have stopped dealing with them. In terms of building their own plant, as I said, I wish them good luck, and I hope they are successful. And as far as other people wanting to get into the business, that's perfectly fine. We have been in the business of making hydrogen for the last 60 years. A lot of people are waking up in the morning and now want to get into the hydrogen business. I wish them good luck. There is plenty of opportunities, plenty of demand for this product, and if they want to get into it, they are more than welcomed. I don't think we are concerned about that. We welcome competition. We have competition in everything else we do. And therefore, I have no concern about that. And I wish everybody good luck who wants to get into the business. We just have a minor 60 years of head start on them, but that people might consider is not that significant, but they'll find out what it takes.
Seifi Ghasemi: What we believe is that the demand is very strong, and we do believe that we will compete for more than that. So that's our view.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I just want to thank everybody for being on our call and listening to our presentation. We appreciate your interest and we obviously look forward to discussing our results with you again next Quarter. As I said earlier, please stay safe and healthy, and all the best. Thank you very much for being on our call.
