Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Melissa. Now, please turn to slide number 14. Our industrial gases business is a great business, and we are committed to invest and grow it. Our recent announcements to expand our membrane production facility in St. Louis and to build two new air separation units in Georgia and North Carolina are just the latest examples. We are also leading the way to deliver low-carbon hydrogen at scale to help decarbonize the industrial and heavy-duty transportation sectors of the economy. Our two-pillar growth strategy drives our company towards these two goals in parallel. The outstanding results and the significant project milestones that we were able to achieve this quarter demonstrates that we have the right strategy, and as I always say, we have the commitment and motivation of our employees to make it happen. Now, before I open it up for industrial -- for questions, I want to make some comments about our Management Board and succession planning. The formation of the Management Board was a strategic step to delegate more responsibility to our senior executives, who are close to the business. You have seen our public announcements and our 8-K filing on these organizational changes, and I don't really have any additional comments to make on them. On a personal basis, you all know that I am firmly committed to our two-pillar growth strategy and I have -- as I have articulated that many times. I fully intend to continue leading Air Products ensuring that our growth strategy is fully implemented, our mega projects are built, and we are serving our customers with low-carbon and zero-carbon hydrogen. However, with our continued commitment to good governance and succession planning, it is prudent and good practice to have a fully qualified individual who can be my successor if something unexpected were to happen to me. I currently serve in three roles at Air Products. Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President. With good governance in mind, I have decided to bring into the company a fully qualified potential successor as President and a Member of our Board of Directors. This person should be well-known to investors with a clear record of success, preferably a current or former CEO of a public company with significant international experience and relationships. I have started this process and we will take our time to find the right person for the job. At this point, I will be delighted -- we all will be delighted to answer your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes. Good morning, John, and thanks for the very good question. John, we have been talking to potential customers for hydrogen since even before we announced our project in New York, so, for the past five years. And with these things, they have a life of their own. The customers need to decide when they want to make a public announcement about having made a commitment. It depends on their needs. It depends on the regulatory conditions. It depends on conditions of the industry and all of that. And I'm very happy to see that a visionary leader like Mr. Patrick Pouyanne of Total decided to be the first mover and announced early that he is committed to green hydrogen and he is committed to convert at least his Northern refineries to hydrogen. Since we had been talking to him for a long time, it was not too difficult to kind of get our act together and put a contract together and make a commitment on both sides. We are obviously delighted. We could not have found a better customer or a better application for significant amount of hydrogen. In terms of additional volumes for them, I want to leave it to TotalEnergies to make those statements. I do not want to preempt anything. But what has happened since we have made the announcement, it has proven that people go through an auction process and then they find out that the best possible alternative is Air Products. So, a lot of other customers are taking the cue from TotalEnergy. Obviously, if they are going to convert their refinery to green, what are the other refineries going to do? They have to follow. So, we are being contacted by other refineries. We are being contacted by steel makers, who -- and now, it has become a little bit of a dynamic of, well, maybe we should get to Air Products before they run out of product, which obviously puts us in a very good position. In terms of future contracts and so on, I have always been very -- acting very responsibly, not to lead anything or give a hint until we actually do something. And I'd like to keep it that way. We are obviously working with other people. It is -- our intention is obviously to sell everything that we make. But if anything comes up at the appropriate time, we will make an announcement. But there is no question that the agreement with Total is a significant new beginning for us.
Seifi Ghasemi: Sure. Again, another good question. Number one, our project in Louisiana, we call it the Dero project is moving very well. We feel very confident about the capital that we have announced. And I feel very good that we have done our homework, we have done the testing and all of that. And we filed last week our Class 6 permit to the State of Louisiana. That is a major -- minor -- milestone and the clock starts running in terms of getting approval for that, which is the most critical item for that project to be viable. We feel very good about the floor space that we have. We have proven that we have the floor space, which I think is a challenge for a lot of other people. And we are very confident that we should be able to bring that plant on the stream sometime in 2028. In terms of the demand for the product, you are right, there is a lot of discussions about the demand. And we have had discussions. The target for that product is two. Number one, the blue hydrogen, we are going to put it in our pipeline and serve our existing customers with blue hydrogen. And then a significant part of the hydrogen will be converted to ammonia for shipment to places like Japan and Korea to decarbonize their power plants. So, we feel very good about that. And if we have -- if we ever sign anything definitive, we will obviously be in a position to announce.
Seifi Ghasemi: Jeff, good morning. Number one, our plants in NEOM is on a schedule. We expect that plant to be mechanically complete and hopefully commissioned by, as you said, December of 2026, and we should have product for sale in early 2027. In terms of the cracking technology, which I think is what you're referring to with the ammonia dissociated, we have proven that technology and we obviously will deploy it like in Total and in other places.
Seifi Ghasemi: Jeff, I wouldn't say that we have an overall -- the reduction in industrial gases. Our merchant volumes in the U.S. is okay. And the place that when you look at overall at Air Products, where we are seeing a slowdown is obviously in China, and that affects our numbers. In terms of pricing, I can only comment on the past. I will not comment on the future, but obviously, when you increase prices, there comes a time where year-to-year, you don't show a huge amount of improvement, because there is a limit to what you can increase the price to because the people find alternatives and that there is a certain price at which you start being demand destructive. So, I feel very good about what our people have done with pricing and our overall volumes in the U.S. is good. In Europe, it's a steady, but it is weak in China. No question about that. We have talked about that. That was one of the principal reasons that we missed our estimate in the first quarter and -- but it has stabilized, but we are not seeing much growth in that part of the world.
Seifi Ghasemi: Good morning, Vincent. Yes, in terms of our relationship with TotalEnergies, we have a very good relationship with them. Obviously, we have been working with them for a few years. In terms of the status of the project, we have put that project on-hold until we get our permits. We always said that that would probably -- process will probably take a year and we still expect that. In terms of the demand for the product and all of that, SAF seems to be very much in demand. And as you have seen, Vincent I mean you're very well-informed, and a lot of people are trying to make SAF all over the world. So we just got a contract to supply hydrogen to a unit in Europe. So we feel pretty good about that project, but it is on-hold until we get our permits. And considering that we are operating in the State of California, we just have to wait-and-see how that works out.
Seifi Ghasemi: Our Alberta project will come on-stream sometimes in '25 and whether it will contribute to our fiscal year results, we have to wait-and-see exactly when that project comes on the stream. We are building a plant in the middle of Alberta, you know what the winters are like. So it's anybody's guess how much construction and how fast construction we can do during this winter. So I don't want to commit to any specific date. We are going to give you -- when we issue our guidance for the year, we are going to be conservative and assume no contribution from that project in '25.
Seifi Ghasemi: David, you make a very good point. Number one, we didn't want to change the guidance for the year, quite honestly. So by default, you end up with the numbers that you have, because I thought if you start changing the guidance for the year, it might get misinterpreted. Because we either had to move the bottom-up or the top-down but there is good reason for the wide range, David. And you see the news, the geopolitical situation in the world is very unstable. We are going through an election cycle and the Federal Reserve hasn't made up their mind about exactly what they want to do. There is a lot of unknowns and therefore to try to kind of thread the needle and come up with a $0.05 range and so on, we did that last quarter because it was -- I was not as worried about the overall geopolitical situation as I am now. But overall, I think, you should focus, I would appreciate if you focus on the year guidance rather than just the quarter guidance. We are going to be somewhere between $12.20 per share and $12.50 per share, right.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Chris. That's an excellent question. Chris, on a macro basis, you know, I'm always an optimist and I'm generally optimistic. I think the U.S. economy has proven everybody wrong. It is moving stronger than quite honestly we expected. Our on-site volumes, especially hydrogen is very strong in the U.S. and the merchant business is doing fine. So, for the U.S., I feel very comfortable going into 2025 unless something significantly unexpected happens with the interest rates. And with the election, we all know what to expect. It's either one or the other. So I don't think that will change things that much. Then with respect to Europe, Europe is holding up relatively well. We have been successful in holding on to the price increases that is making sure that we have a good margins there. And then my only concern going into '25 is how would Asia develop? But considering where China is right now, I don't expect it to get any worse. Some people are predicting that the things will improve, especially in the electronics sector, as you mentioned but we will wait-and-see. So overall going into 2025, I'm very optimistic for sure about Air Products and in terms of our ability to deliver the growth that we in general want, which is 10% growth every year-on our EPS.
Seifi Ghasemi: Sure. Duffy, our intention is that we kind of go -- own the whole supply chain. We produce the green hydrogen, we move it, whether it's in form of liquid or in form of ammonia that we then crack. Then we build the station, we will own the station, we might own the station jointly with some other people, but we will have control over the station, and we will sell it to the end-customer to the truck company or the train company or anybody else. So we want to own the whole supply chain. And that is why in terms of economics, obviously, it depends -- the capital deployed, it depends on the number of stations we are going to build. That will be a gradual development depending on how much product we have and all of that. I mean, right now, we fully intend to build these stations in Europe and in California. But in Europe, if we sell-out NEOM all for application of decarbonizing refineries, then obviously, we will build a NEOM 2 and therefore building the stations will be a little bit delayed. And same thing in California. So it very much depends on how the market develops, but the idea is exactly what you said that we will either own their stations 100% or we share the ownership with Air Products in control, so that we make sure that our molecules are the molecules that are going through it. And if other people built stations, we might or might not sell them the molecules. It depends.
Seifi Ghasemi: And what drives that is, Duffy, that's obviously a very good question. What drives that is that number-one is, look, when you look at our results in the last 10 years or 15 years or 20 years, the fourth quarter of our fiscal year is one of our strongest quarters. It is not only one of, it is our strongest quarter. So we expect that we would have better results than the $3.20 just because of the cyclicality. The second reason is that we have taken serious productivity actions. You are seeing some of the results in this quarter, but you'll see a lot more of that in the next quarter. And then the third thing is that we do have some new smaller projects coming on-stream that will contribute. So we feel pretty confident that we should be able to, as you said, bridge that $0.30 and deliver the midpoint of what we have delivered $0.48 that we need to get to the midpoint of our guidance.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you for your question. Obviously, we are hearing a different story from them. I don't know what they tell you, but they tell us there is a lot of demand. But there is also another sector that is developing pretty rapidly and that is ammonia for -- as a marine fuel for shipping. So we feel pretty confident that by 2028, we will be able to start loading that facility. We also have the capacity and capability of balancing between hydrogen and ammonia and we do have the pipeline and I think by 2028, a lot of our existing customers might want blue hydrogen instead of gray hydrogen.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, we hope that we get our permit and we hope to finish the plan. But we have to wait for the permits because we don't want to commit and then find out there is an issue with the permit or we have to wait some more. So I'm not sure if there is anything more for me to add, we are just waiting for the permit. And we don't want to hurry up like we did last-time and start getting ahead of ourselves and then finding that the permit gets challenged and all of that. We want to make sure that it is bullet proof before we have final FID decision.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, you know you're asking a very good question. Obviously, the answer to that is yes. But I hope you have some sympathy with me that we are negotiating with people to sell them something and you don't expect me to be sitting here on a public call saying, hey, we're going to make a lot of money, right? So we have to be cautious in terms of our comments. But you can be sure that as I have always said, we have taken the risk and therefore, the reward should be higher than what we do when we do things that are no-risk, not risky.
Seifi Ghasemi: I did only commit to that if we have announced enough projects so that the investors see that we are sold-out. I don't want to say that, okay, we have sold 35% of NEOM, therefore, we should rush and go and build NEOM number two. I'd like to wait until we have sold 80% of NEOM and then commit to that. So we are going to be conservative and cautious and not to get ahead of ourselves. But the fact that we have demonstrated that there is significant volume demand is a good sign because until a few months ago, you have seen the slides from some of our competitors where they put it in writing that there is no demand for green hydrogen. So I think -- and now it's obviously a little bit of a different story. There is demand for green hydrogen. But I would like to give some confidence to the investors that we are truly have signed enough things that it is sold-out before we commit to additional projects. Depending on how fast those things come, you're right, it might be that in a year we will announce a new NEOM project, but it will depend on how fast we progress with signing contracts for the current production.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, good morning and thanks for your comment. It would be very difficult right now to give you details. We are going to give you all those details when we announce our fourth quarter results. But in general, I would like to say that Air Products, 10-years ago, we committed to delivering an average of 10% growth in earnings. And today, we are committing that for the next 10-years, we will do the same. So, our target, our goal, our challenge is to deliver at least a 10% growth for next quarter -- for next year. But we will -- obviously, we are going through the budgeting process. We have all of the details and then we'll give you a number when we announce our results in late October or early November.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from John Roberts with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Seifi Ghasemi: Good morning, John. The guidance that -- the overall guidance that we have been telling people is if the gray price is something, the blue prices at least twice that and the green price is twice that. So it's double for blue and then double for green. And that is the kind of overall guidance for pricing. So I think you all have a pretty good idea of the kind of pricing that we are looking for and we are getting that. And I think that the pricing change will improve as we go-forward when the demand exceeds the supply.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the thing is that there is some element of that, but we do take that into consideration when we give the pricing. I mean, if it's very difficult to serve a customer, then obviously the price will be significantly higher than , as you said, somebody is next door.
Seifi Ghasemi: I think you should expect that we would kind of see our way of loading those three facilities that you talked about. NEOM, Louisiana and Edmonton fully-loaded before we make an FID for another project. There is one other project that we are working on, which is the project that we did announce, a green hydrogen project in Northern Texas. But that project, we have not taken FID. We do not plan to take any FID until we have total clarity on what the IRA rules are for interpretation of what is green hydrogen. So other than that, I don't expect us to make any announcements until we see our way very clearly. And this is quite frankly, a fundamental issue of being respectful to the investors. I think we announced many, many projects and the investors got very concerned and that is why, I mean, our stock should be $400 now and it is at, I don't know, $285 to $290, $300. But that the reason for that is that I think we got the investors a little bit concerned that we're getting ahead of ourselves. We didn't think so, but certainly the impression was with the investors that we are building plants without having a clue about where to sell it. That was never the case, but that was the impression. So I don't want to get into that mood again. We want to fully demonstrate that there is demand before we make any FID -- announce any major projects.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, the IRA is as the part that is related to us, it has two dimensions. One dimension is the so called 45Q, which is that you get $85 per ton of CO2 that you sequester. I think there is not much controversy around that rule. No matter which administration you have, I think that will get support and that is why we are building the project in Louisiana, we feel very confident about that. The challenge is on the other part, which is called 45V, which is the $3 subsidy for green hydrogen. And the controversy is very simple. What is the definition of green hydrogen. Is it enough to say, oh, I connected to the grid, I'm getting electricity, I'm breaking down water and therefore, I'm making green hydrogen and therefore give me the $3 irrespective of the fact that I might be using the electricity that is made by burning coal. That is the controversy. Obviously, Air Products' position has been crystal clear from day one that we believe that green hydrogen means that you are using green electricity. If you are not using green electricity, then it is not green hydrogen. And green electricity should also be available 24 hours a day. That means you need to prove that every hour you have green electricity. You can't make a lot of green electricity during the day that the sun shines and then say, okay, now in the night, I'm going to connect to the grid. So we have been very clear with our three pillars and that is what we think is the definition of green. The administration, the current administration has agreed with us. That is the way they have issued the rules that are public right now. The issue is they have not finalized the rules. And from what I hear, they are saying they are not going to finalize the rules until after the election. So, the issue is, if they have a change of administration, would the new administration see those rules as good or bad or do they want to modify? And we are not going to go and commit billions of dollars building a facility not knowing what the exact interpretation is. So we are going to wait until we have rules that have been approved, Press and the Treasury Department that we can certainly count on and then we will proceed. Sorry for the long answer, but I just wanted to address the whole issue.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes, we are building a green hydrogen project in upstate New York. We are using hydropower to -- hydropower is green power. And the capacity of that plant is not huge. It's a small plant, 35 ton a day. And the reason we have put it in that part of the world is because we obviously could get the power from Niagara Falls where it is coming from. And we see significant demand for mobility. We are going to produce liquefied green hydrogen and we see significant demand for that in that part of the world because by being in Messino, we can serve all the way to Pennsylvania, New York and all of that. And therefore, we are very optimistic about that project. That project is moving forward and it is on-time.
Seifi Ghasemi: Yes. Well, thank you very much, and thank you, operator. And we thank -- I'd like to thank everybody for joining our call. We do appreciate your interest in Air Product. And we do appreciate your very good and insightful questions. Please be safe, stay healthy, and we look forward to talking to you when we announce our fourth quarter results. Thanks again, everybody.
