Scott Crocco: Thank you very much Seifi. Air Products delivered on our commitments in Q3. Our earnings came in at the top end of the guidance range we shared with you in April. We are focused on execution recovering the adverse weather impacts from Q2, bringing our plans on-stream, on-time, on-budget and safely, delivering on our cost reductions and loading the assets we have in the ground. As Seifi said, we have a great team that is excited about the path forward. Turning to slide five, let me now take you through our fiscal Q3 results. For the quarter, sales of $2.6 billion were 3% above prior year on stronger volumes across all of our segments. Pricing was up 1% and underlying sales were up 4%, excluding the excluding the polyurethane intermediates or PUI business. Sequentially, overall sales increased 2% with underlying sales up 4% on higher volumes in our three largest segments. As Seifi mentioned, we are focusing more sharply on cash and specifically EBITDA or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We have provided you a reconciliation in the appendix of the slides. For the quarter, adjusted EBITDA of $653 million was up 7% versus prior year and 6% sequentially driven by higher volumes and new planned on-streams. Operating income of $440 million increased 8% versus prior year as we delivered operating leverage on higher volumes particularly in electronics and performance materials and we delivered better pricing in Merchant Gases. Our operating margin of 15.7% improved 70 basis points versus prior year as the positive contribution from higher volumes more than offset higher cost primarily from planned maintenance outages. As we said last quarter, we expect maintenance cost to be lower in the fourth quarter. Net income and diluted earnings per share were 9% and 7% higher respectively versus last year. Our return on capital employed was 9.6%, 90 basis points lower compared to last year as a result of higher capital employed. This remains well above our 8% cost of capital. I want to remind you that the new projects we are developing, executing and operating will be accretive to ROCE over the next few years. Turning to slide six, you can see an overview of the factors that affected this quarter’s performance in terms of earnings per share. Our continuing operations EPS of $1.46 increased by $0.10 versus last year. Higher volumes across all segments increased EPS by $0.18. Pricing, energy and raw materials taken together were flat. Net cost performance was $0.05 unfavorable as higher cost primarily the planned tonnage maintenance outages and inflation more than offsets of our 2012 and 2013 cost reduction programs. We delivered on the cost reduction actions and are seeing the benefits. The impact of the PUI business exit was about $0.02. Interest expense was lower and contributed a penny on lower interest rates. Our tax rate of 24% remains unchanged. And finally, higher shares outstanding reduced earnings per share by $0.02. Now to begin the review of our business segment results, I’ll turn the call over to Corning.
Scott Crocco: Hi Vincent, good morning. So, our view of the economy here for fiscal ’14 is very much in line with what our expectations were when we entered the fiscal year. So, just to remind you we will talk about in terms of manufacturing output for fiscal ’14 we had projected manufacturing output to be up year-on-year from 2 to 4% and again we are expecting this is the year coming like that. In U.S. we also expect to see 2% to 4% year-on-year growth. In Europe 0 to 2% so the lowest area of growth recognizing it’s also coming out of the recession the latest of all the different regions. In Asia, we have the projection of 5% to 7% manufacturing output growth year on year principally driven by China. And then in Latin America for the one area we had a range at beginning of the year of 1% to 3% year on year growth frankly that’s the one are that’s coming in at the low end of the range and perhaps below the low end of the range. But again overall we’re seeing the economy in terms of manufacturing output play out larger like we expected when we began the fiscal year.
Scott Crocco: Well, I believe that the entire portfolio of Air Products right now has room for improvement therefore we are going to take a look at that and right now push for improvement rather than saying we want to get rid of this part or that part. Once we have improved the rating then we have options to take a look at. So, I just want to say nothing is for sale right now, we are all focused on improving the performance of all of our businesses and there is room for improvement in all of our businesses.
Scott Crocco: So, the top end of the range that we brought down was really driven more by the on streams from the new plants and it’s just timing. It’s difficult to predict exactly which plants are going to come up when, so the second half of the year as we have mentioned has got about two-thirds of the items are specifics and one-third for base improvement and there is no change to that. And so we are focused as Seifi mentioned on pulling all the leverage that we have at our disposal in order to deliver on the year.
Scott Crocco: Okay, thank you very much everybody. We do appreciate your participation in the call and we look forward to seeing many of you as we go on the road on next call. Thanks again and have a great day.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Guill. Now please turn to slide number 12. Our guidance for the fourth quarter is for earnings per share of $1.60 to $1.65. We do appreciate that this represents the significant increase from the third quarter and you can see it will be the highest quarterly earnings that this company has ever delivered. But this is what we have already promised to our shareholders during the last call and we will do our best to deliver what we have committed to. We have been pull all the operating levers under our control to deliver these results.  With respect to capital expenditure, we estimate about $2 billion for the fiscal year. I think it’s also appropriate to make a comment on our energy from waste project in Tees Valley, in the United Kingdom. We planned to begin commissioning the first project late in first fiscal quarter of 2015 and currently expect commission operation late in second fiscal quarter of 2015. I should also add that I’m fully aware that all of you want to know when we will communicate more about our strategy going forward. We just do this and give you an update in less than two months in mid September and by early calendar of 2015, we will have an investor conference when you will meet our team and we will report on the progress we have made in implementing our strategy. But today, I want to touch on another part of our effort to move that products forward that is our company culture. Please turn to a slide number 13. Our company culture is an important and essential part of implementing our strategy. I want to assess the words Air Products culture. We are a global company operating in more than 50 countries. Our people in these countries have their own unique cultures and we fully respect all of those diverse cultures. What I’m defining to in this slide is the Air Product culture that is the principals that we will follow when we are at work at Air Products. We will relentlessly focus to achieve outstanding and world class safety performance. Our goal is nothing less than zero accidents and incidents. We will work very hard to simplify our organization and we will focus everyday to simplifying our work processes so that our organization will move forward. I am very focused on this issue of simplified organization and simplified work processes because I think that is the key to improving our productivity. We will perform our job in the sense of urgency, we believe that the speed of execution is a competitive advantage. And finally, we will act with self confidence, believing that we can set high goals for ourselves and have the ability to achieve them. A positive can do attitude and culture at Air Products is a key element of success as we move forward.  Now we will all be delighted to answer your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, first of all good morning. I will be happy to do that Vincent but I will make a few comments and then I will ask it to turn it over to Scott, to give you a more detailed view of this but overall we see into economic activity in the United States. Overall Europe is kind of a stable and we do see significant improvements in certain parts of Asia, but as I said I will like Scott to make more detailed comments on that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, it might be a little bit too soon for me to give you a target John. But we do hope that we will generate a lot more cash than depreciation obviously. So that what we want to do is that we want to be free cash positive even after dividend that’s for sure I’ll go.
Seifi Ghasemi: John I do not see any significant problems that cannot be addressed and cannot be fixed. Our job over here is not to find excuses and complain about the past our job is here to move forward and deliver results. And whatever issue is there, there might be Air Products is a great company, great people and we will be able to address them and solve them. I am very positive and very excited about being here. We have a lot of projects we have a lot of exciting things to do some of them more difficult than others. But that’s what makes life exciting and that’s what makes discovery exciting, and my team over here is very energized. We will climb many mountains. We need to climb up in order to create value for shareholders John.
Seifi Ghasemi: Duffy first of all good morning. My job here is not to second guess anything the company has done. Right now as the CEO of the company I own everything whatever it is it’s Air Products and my job is to look forward not backward. The one thing that I can tell you is that we will look very carefully at every investment and make sure that the returns are risk adjusted based on the circumstances. Obviously if you are doing a project in the U.S. versus we are doing a project somewhere else the risk elements are different. So I do not want to give you a target because then that’s all competitive advantage I don’t want to announce our targets and our strategy on a public call. But the one thing that I can assure you is that we will be looking at all of these targets very carefully and I made the general comment that we will raise our hurdle rates, yes.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I think I’ve tried to address that in my last slide which was fundamentally creating a culture which is focused on delivering results. We are not running a country club here we are running a company. And everybody needs to contribute and pull their own weight that is the key issue. And I think people are ready for that, they understand that. And with respect to I delineated for you the focus on safety fortunately that already exist at Air Products and I am very happy about that, simplifying our organization, decentralizing our organization and a sense of urgency to get things done.  And I think as I said at the beginning, I have met with a lot of people. I am very encouraged about what I have seen. There is a very positive attitude and there is a great deal of pride in this company and people are going to rise up to the occasion and deliver and become the best gas company in the world.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, on that front the general comment that I had is that a lot of those CapEx has been spent on long term projects. I mean you need to judge us on the performance of these projects over the next 15 years better than on the first year that had comes in operation. Projects get delayed so the customer is delayed and all of that. So, I don’t think there is anything basically wrong with these projects and in time we will see the returns. Our job is that while these projects are coming on stream is to significantly improve our existing operations so that you see that at a better returns and better performance on a short term basis while these projects kind of get on line in the future and deliver the results. So, improving the short term results is something that we need to do that comes from improving productivity, increasing prices and all of the other things that one needs to do.
Seifi Ghasemi: Bob as usual you like to ask very difficult questions, right. I think that the best way for me to describe it is that we do have a lot of good people here who remember the past when they were the best in the industry and they want to get back to that. I think the key impediments to the organization in the past have been simplicity of the organization and the sense of urgency and the speed in making things happen. And the other thing is I think is the issue of empowerment. I mean your chance on it company the size of Air Products by having 1% responsible for P&L, you need to empower people to make decisions all the way down the line. So, if I wanted to kind of summarize it I think simplicity, the speed of execution and empowerment has been some of the issues that we will address and I think that would create a lot of, it has created a lot of excitement. I have spend a lot of time with our people as I said, I’ve talked to more than a thousand people here and I intend to cover all the 1,000 people but people are very excited about everything, I am not facing a resistance of pushing against the closed door. This is very exciting for me quite answering.
Seifi Ghasemi: I think as we go forward Bob, in my presentation you see what I said focusing on, I was focusing on the company culture and I think that is a significant opportunity for us then in addition to that we also need to look at the project as we go forward in terms of the returns and also in terms of the structure, our geographic focus, industrial gases is a local business, what is important is your strength in Southern Ohio, not your market share in all of the United States. So, we will focus on all of that but yes I do believe that the culture change is a big opportunity, yes.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, good morning Kevin, first of all. I think that first of all what is I review is not going to add an effect in our backlog because the backlog is what we have committed and we are going to execute. In terms of what we will do in the future, it obviously depends on the opportunity but it also depends on the cash generation. One way to focus on cash generation is to cut expenditure and other one is to increase cash generation. So, we are going to focus to increase our cash generation by being more productive and doing a lot of the right things that one needs to do and getting more out of what we have but in terms of what the shape of the future will be, it will depend on opportunities, it will depend on our ability to generate the cash that we need and then we will see how it works out, I don’t see a significant drop off because we want to participate in the growth in the industry but we will obviously be a lot more careful about some of the things that we do.
Seifi Ghasemi: Kevin, my job is to constantly review our portfolio and see what can be done to maximize shareholder value. I’m sure you heard me say that I’m not enamored with size. Size doesn’t matter, what matters is the value of our stock. So, you should expect us to constantly review our portfolio and decide what is the best course of action to create value for our shareholder, I don’t want to pre-judge that, I do want to say that from what I see, all of our businesses have room for improvement. So, it would be kind of premature to take any action before you get these businesses performing to the best of their ability.
Seifi Ghasemi: I think Air Products is very well positioned for participating in the future because we do have the fundamental technologies that are required, I mean the future in the industrial gases in terms of growth is going to be in the areas of energy environment and all of that products extremely well-positioned in not only large ASUs but the smaller ASUs, mid-sized ASUs. We are world leaders in hydrogen and micro applications. So there is opportunity I do not see Air Products having a technology gap to prevent us from participating on those growth areas.
Seifi Ghasemi: First of all, good morning, Don. Last time you asked me a question about industrial gases it was about 20 years ago but anyway good to talk to you again. I am, first of all we do value our investment grade rating and we would want to maintain that unless a phenomenal opportunity comes about but I don’t foresee that right now. So, maintaining investment grade is important to us. As far as the lack of the so called package gases business in the United States, I don’t consider it a significant disadvantage it’s something that is nice to have but is not a must have. If we can create that at a reasonable cost and a reasonable price that would be something that we will look at. But I do not consider that to be a significant competitive disadvantage we can compete the way we are.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, I think that our ROC is going to kind of not improve very quickly in the short term because we have a lot of CapEx that is being spent that is not currently generating revenue. So I would see that being going down but our goal is to increase the return on capital to what I think the industry is capable of delivering which is to up to 13%, that is obviously will be our goal. But I think in the short term I mean you know this Mark in short term we will while these projects are being built you obviously have depreciation without much profit against it.
Seifi Ghasemi: We will, we will show EBITDA for the segment, for the business unit. EBITDA will be what we will guide us in terms of not only measuring performance but also for our reward system that we will be very focused on that market. And thank you for your remark, I appreciate that.
