Melissa Schaeffer: Thank you, Seifi. Now please turn to Slide 10 for a review of our second quarter results. Compared to last year, on-site activities were robust driven by higher demand for hydrogen and contributions from new assets. The volume was down 2% primarily due to lower demand for merchant products. Price contributed 1%. The combined impact of pricing and lower power costs across most regions resulted in strong contribution margins. The declining natural gas prices in Europe and North America resulted in lower energy cost pass-through, which has no impact on profit but contributed to higher margins. EBITDA improved 4% as higher contribution margin and lower costs more than offset lower affiliate income. EBITDA margin exceeded 40%, with lower energy cost pass-through contributing about half of the nearly 500 basis point improvement. ROCE of 11% was relatively flat. Adjusted for cash, our ROCE would have been about 13%. Sequentially, results improved driven primarily by favorable pricing and lower costs despite the seasonal slowdown due to the Lunar New Year in Asia and planned maintenance outages. Now please turn to Slide 11 for a discussion of our earnings per share. Our second quarter GAAP earnings per share was $2.57, which included a $0.20 charge for productivity actions. Our adjusted earnings per share was $2.85, up $0.11 or 4% compared to last year, primarily due to favorable pricing and costs, partially offset by unfavorable volume and equity affiliate income. Overall, volume was down $0.07 on lower merchant demand and planned maintenance outages. Price, net of variable cost contributed $0.16 this quarter driven by both pricing actions and lower power costs. Other costs were $0.12 favorable, demonstrating the team's commitment to managing costs, while we continue to support our growth strategy. Currency impact was negative $0.03, mainly due to a weaker Chinese RMB. Equity affiliate income was $0.08 unfavorable, driven by lower contributions from affiliates in Europe and the Middle East, partially offset by higher income in America. We successfully issued $2.5 billion of green bonds in February to help fund our growth projects. This additional debt contributed to higher interest expense of $0.07. The remaining items, including favorable noncontrolling interests, the tax rate and nonoperating expense together had a positive $0.08 impact. To echo Seifi's statement, I would like to express my appreciation to the entire Air Products team for their commitment to our company. Now to begin the review of our business segment results, I'll turn the call to Dr. Serhan. 
Melissa Schaeffer: Yes. Thank you, Seifi. So Jeff, what you're seeing in equity affiliate income is a little bit of timing, but we did see a bit of a decline in our Jazan joint venture. This is really a onetime item from the previous year and some higher interest expense for this quarter. So again, it's primarily timing, not an underlying business issue and a prior year onetime issue. 
Melissa Schaeffer: Sure, Seifi, sure will. So thanks for the question. So as we mentioned, we continue to focus on our cost productivity and have taken discrete actions that are reflected in that business and asset action line item. For the vast majority of these, that is severance costs that we're recognizing in that $0.20. And just for your awareness, the full year run rate of that savings is about $75 million. 
Melissa Schaeffer: Yes, I sure will, Seifi. So yes, we do get regular dividends from the joint venture in commensurate with the earnings. Sometimes in our cash flow statements, you will see a little bit of timing of when those distributions do occur. But yes, absolutely, we are getting the dividends as expected. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you, Dr. Serhan. Now please turn to Slide #17, Air Products has a great business model and continues to operate from a position of financial strength. While we execute our bold growth strategy in this challenging and continuously changing macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, our organization must remain flexible and agile. On a daily basis, our employees are committed to taking action that improves our safety performance, simplifies work and reduces costs so that together we can deliver productivity to the bottom line and continue to earn the right to grow as we pursue our strategy. We appreciate the dedicated service of all the people who are contributing to Air Products' success and the people in our leadership who continue motivating and developing our people. As I always say, our real competitive advantage is the degree of motivation and commitment of the people in the company. I am honored every day to be working alongside this team as we focus on delivering near-term results while executing our long-term growth strategy. At this point, we obviously will be delighted to answer your questions. Operator, we are ready for questions. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: John, excellent question. I would like to answer it in the following way. First of all, there is a question about the -- our guidance for the quarter. The guidance for the quarter is a little bit lower than what people expect. And that is because we have some major turnarounds that we have to do on our plants in Europe and in the United States that is driving our maintenance costs for the quarter, and that is why we have given a lower guidance than what we would have liked to do. So that is the -- for the third quarter. As far as -- we are committed to the year, because in the fourth quarter, although it looks like [ hardly a stake ], we expect to bring significant number of smaller plants onstream. We've brought in about 20 of them in the last -- in the first half, and we expect to have a number of clients coming onstream that will contribute. Secondly, we have taken significantly productivity actions that should result in better numbers for the fourth quarter. In addition, as you know, our business is seasonal, and the fourth quarter is just about every year our strongest quarter. And the fourth thing is that we are seeing a very strong performance by our LNG business and a lot of that will ramp up in the fourth quarter. So those are the fundamental reasons, John, I hope that answers your question. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: We look at the company across the board. And by productivity we mean that we try to do things in a more efficient and more simplified way, which means that we don't have as many costs. That is the action that is normal for productivity. It just means that you are trying to do more with less -- with the same number of people you have or with less people. So those are the specific actions we have taken. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you for the question. We are adjusting -- I think that's a very good word. We are adjusting to the helium condition -- business conditions in China. And that situation has stabilized, and we expect a stable situation on that for the balance of the year. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: The answer to your -- first part of your question is yes. And the second part is that I would like to say, that's just about all of it. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: David, no, we have not signed any contracts that we are in a position to announce for that project yet. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Not yet. And we have been very specific about this thing. That is not by accident. That is by design. We are not going to sign any contract for either 1 of these 2 projects until we get to the stage that we can get the price that we expect. We have taken the risk of being the first mover in this area of green and blue, and therefore, we deserve returns which are more than a plain vanilla, going and building an air separation unit. So we are going to wait until we can extract the right price. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: All right. Duffy, you know that that's a very detailed question and very sensitive competitively. But I'll turn it over to Dr. Serhan to see what he wants to disclose. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: I have no idea what you're talking about in terms of $0.50. It is impossible to have $0.50 hydrogen. To make hydrogen, you make -- you must have the unit -- to make hydrogen, you need about at least 50 to 60-kilowatt hours of power, and even the cost of power at $0.05, that's $3 a kilogram for hydrogen, excluding your capital costs and excluding your running costs. So I'm not familiar with that number. I don't know what you are referring to. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Now I understood your question. Yes. They are -- those are not that they are buying hydrogen at that price, sorry, about that. They are giving subsidies for people to use hydrogen. Some countries are giving $0.50 a kilogram. Some countries are giving as high as $8 a kilogram. It depends on the country, and it depends on which tranche and all of that. But whatever subsidies they give, it's welcomed because that encourages use. My apologies at the beginning, I thought that they were buying hydrogen at $0.50. No, no, those are subsidies in terms of -- yes. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, it will eventually cannibalize that because I think, eventually, everybody will be using blue hydrogen. I mean, 10 years from now, I don't think anybody will be using gray hydrogen. So -- but the thing is that we expect volumes to grow. The volumes, as you saw even this quarter on our pipeline system is, we are totally sold out. And if we had any more hydrogen today, we could sell it. So we expect that there will be significant growth in addition to what is in the pipeline. And in the long term, we are going to make only blue hydrogen. I mean, 15 years from now, we will not have any SMRs running. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Vincent, the thing is that your comment about our second quarter coming out better than we expected is because obviously we have taken -- we are seeing better volumes in U.S. and Europe. U.S. and Europe were very strong for us in the quarter, which was not what we expected. So that was the good news. The addition is that we are taking cost actions. In terms of pricing, I think that right now, with the inflation the way it is, I'm sure everybody is paying attention that consumer price index is up 30% in the last 4 years. So we are having serious inflation, and that is giving us the ability to go to the customers and ask for higher prices. And as you saw in the U.S., our merchant pricing was up 6% in the quarter versus quarter of last year. So we -- as I've said in my prepared remarks, our focus is on two things: cost, pricing. Those are the things that affects our short-term results and obviously executing our projects. But we have always -- in the last 10 years, Vincent, you know us very well, we have always reacted to the environment. As I said in my prepared remarks, these are the times when the organization needs to be very agile. And that's what Air Products is about. We can adapt. We are not very big, but we can adapt. I mean, as they say, the dinosaurs died. They were very big, but they were not agile and they are extinct. So hopefully, we are the agile ones who are going to survive for the long term, no matter what. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Kevin, Air Products is right now involved in not only trying to deliver short-term results that meet the expectations of our investors and our own goal of 10% per year increase and, at the same time, executing $20 billion of projects. I don't think this is the time to try to do any kind of a financial engineering and all that because that would be significantly distracting to the management and to our people. We should continue doing what we are doing. And when the investor anxiety has disappeared once we have signed 20-year, 30-year contracts for the 2 big projects that we have underway. And once our hydrogen business, blue and green hydrogen business becomes reality and produces EBITDA and producers returns and all of that, that is at the time that one can talk about those kind of things. This is not the time. So right now, trying to put any value on the hydrogen business, it all depends on what is the assumption on the price of blue hydrogen and price of green hydrogen. And you talk to people. Some people say green hydrogen is worth $5, some people say it's $10, blue hydrogen the same thing. And obviously, we have other people, our competitors running around and saying, "Well, there is no demand for these things anyway." So how would you value a business like that? I would be very concerned about any effort in that direction because of the distraction that it will cause with especially the management and the team. So as they say, there is a time for everything. This is not the time for doing that kind of financial engineering on Air Products. And by the way I did obviously read your thoughtful memo on this. Appreciate that. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, Kevin, this is a very fluid situation. It can be any time. It depends on -- as I said, our criteria is not to run and announce something so that the stock would go up $50. Our criteria is how do we extract the real value that we deserve for these projects for the next 30 years? That is our criteria. And now if somebody steps forward and say, "Gee, I'm going to start paying taxes tomorrow in 2027, in 2028 because of the regulation. And I desperately need this stuff and I want to secure it before somebody else does it, and I want to sign a contract 3 months from now." We'll do that. If it is 20 months from now, then we'll do it 20 months from now. These clients are not coming onstream until 2027, 2028. The part that I can confidently tell the investors, believe me, there is demand. Do not buy into this business that there is no demand. There is demand. The issue is at what point in -- and not only there is demand, but Air Products is the only company who is going to have real products being made. We have a real green hydrogen project in Saudi Arabia being built. I can show you the picture of the wind turbines installed. Nobody else has that. Therefore, 3 years from now when people need this product, where are they going to get it? Therefore, we having taken the risk and losing a lot of the, as you said, our market value because we have taken the risk, we deserve a better return on these projects than running around and trying to panic about the fact that our multiple is, instead of being a 30x EPS, it is 20x EPS. But the value of the company hasn't changed. Our base business is the most profitable with the highest margin business than anybody else. So if anybody's business is trading at 30x, ours should be trading at that, too. And now people are worried about these big projects. There is demand. Please take a look at the regulations in Europe, regulations at California, take a -- regulations that are coming in Japan, Korea. There is demand. So it is obviously a great deal of pressure, but I am absolutely willing to stick my neck out and take the heat because I think my job is to create long-term value for shareholders, not try to panic on a short-term basis. Sorry for the long answer to your question. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: I'd like to take that. We have done a significant amount of engineering on the North Texas project. But we are not going to make a commitment on FID on that project until the rules for the implementation of IRA are finalized. There is a significant impact. And as you know, there is significant amount of controversy about how those rules should be interpreted. Currently, the way the rules have been stated, they are fine with us. And if that was final thing, we would commit to FID. But they are not finalized yet and we expect those to be finalized by June, July. But we will wait. We are not going to make FID on that project until those rules of what is the definition of green hydrogen is final on the books and on which basis one can count on the tax credit. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you very much, Chris. If I may just -- in general terms, China has been weak for us in the first half. Right now, there is stock. We haven't seen any evidence yet. But there is stock and some actions taken that might indicate that China's economy will improve in the second half. We are waiting to see that, and we have not included any improvement on that in our forecast. When it gets to Europe, Europe is no change in the -- as compared to the last few quarters. Actually, European economy is growing a little bit better than we expected, as I said before. And the U.S. economy is doing better than we expected. And then Latin America is not material to our business. I hope that covers what you were looking for, Chris. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Chris, the products that we are going to make, the potential users for green hydrogen are steelmaking, refineries, shipping, using green ammonia as fuel for ships to meet the very stringent requirements in Europe and hydrogen for mobility. Those are the 4 areas that will eventually -- the offtakers for the product. And we are obviously talking to people in all of those 4 sectors. We don't have anything to announce. And if we are talking to anybody, we are under NDA, therefore, we cannot announce anything or give any details. But those are the sectors that we will be using green hydrogen. On the blue hydrogen side, the developments, the way I see, it is still using blue hydrogen as a fuel to -- using blue hydrogen as a replacement of coal to decarbonize power plants. Blue hydrogen can also be used -- as I mentioned before, I think a significant use will be as fuel for ships. And blue hydrogen will be used in our pipeline for decarbonizing refineries and chemical operations along the Gulf Coast. Those are the sectors that we are talking to. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: I would like to have Dr. Serhan answer the first question. And the second question, I'm not sure we want to disclose that in detail. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: We have really not -- volume growth, not on the base business. But we will have volume growth based on new plants coming onstream. But most of it -- yes, sir. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: As high as we can get. Because if we have a product that nobody else has, then why should we be satisfied with a specific return? And I, obviously, do not want to disclose that, but -- any kind of a return. We are -- we have a product that is going to come onstream that people are going to need. Nobody makes that product today. So what is the price for that? The price for that is not calculated on the basis that this is my capital, this is the return, and therefore, we do that. When you have somebody that people need, you extract the maximum price. We all go to the gas station and pay what we are paying for the gas station. The cost of taking oil out of the ground in the Middle East is $5 a barrel. If you sit down and calculate it based on the return, we should be paying $0.25 a gallon for gas. But people are sitting there saying, "I have it. You need it. It's $80 today. It might be $200 another day or it might be another price another day." So we are not basing the pricing from our products based on return. We are basing it on what we can get out of the market because there is significant value that we bring to the market for the investor. Right now, if you have deep blue hydrogen that you can give to somebody where they can make renewable diesel to sell it in California, there is a significant premium for that. So that's how we look at it. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Right. Obviously, we haven't disclosed some of that yet. But we know what is going on in the marketplace, and our goal is to get the maximum return for our investors, not to sit down. And if it was just a matter of saying, "This is my investment and this is a 10% return and this is the [ price ]." Then you don't need to pay somebody $15 million to be CEO of Air Products. Then anybody can do that. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Yes. I very much appreciate you bringing up the point. I should have mentioned that we will not have any SMRs running without carbon capture. That is correct. I'm glad you clarified that. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I wouldn't want to say it's meaningful, but it is a hit, and I really appreciate you picking up on that. That is exactly right. When natural gas price is at $12 a 1,000 cubic feet, those bonuses are significant. Now the natural gas is $3, $2.5, the bonus has become a lot smaller. 
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, thank you very much. I would like to again thank everyone for joining our call today. We appreciate your interest in Air Products, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Please stay safe and healthy, and all the best. And thank you for your very good questions today, everybody. We really appreciate that. 
Samir Serhan: And just following up on Jazan, I mean, again, Jazan is delivering $1.35 for earnings per share, and we expect really the project to continue to deliver this amount on an annual basis. I mean, there will be some seasonality depending on operating cost, maintenance. When it comes to the volume in Europe, the volume is lower because of the planned maintenance outage we had in the second quarter and a significant outage for our air separation units and SMR in the Rotterdam area. So that really drove the volume down and also what we highlighted before, the weaker merchant volumes in general, especially the liquids. The Uzbekistan project continue to ramp up, and that definitely helped in this area. So... 
Samir Serhan: Yes. I would emphasize what you mentioned, Seifi. We would really not like to get into those details. I mean... 
Samir Serhan: But we've highlighted before that the Uzbekistan project is expected to really produce around $0.35 per year of earnings. 
Samir Serhan: Yes. We do see signs of the electronic businesses picking up, but really, we're not counting on any of that upside in our outlook for the second half of the year. So we're being conservative in this regard. But we do -- especially in Asia, I mean, with our major customers, their volumes are picking up across nitrogen, argon, helium, especially helium. 
Samir Serhan: You're talking about the third quarter? Yes. I mean, we have 3 major turnarounds basically in the Americas in the third quarter. And that's why really our maintenance expense for the quarter is pretty significant. And they're also finishing a major turnaround in Europe, that's also going to contribute to basically significant increase in our maintenance costs for the third quarter. And these are mainly for like hydrogen plants... 
Samir Serhan: Yes. Sure, Seifi. I mean, definitely, our hydrogen -- our portfolio of hydrogen plant is really getting more and more which basically again, you need to maintain these units like every for 4 years -- around 4 years, you have to do a major turnaround. This year, without really mentioning a specific number, it is at a record high especially in the U.S. with our U.S. Gulf Coast, our assets in California, our assets in Canada. Basically, we have a significant amount of expense when it comes to maintaining our facilities. So -- and also coincided this year, we also -- we have our 4-year turnaround for our major facilities in Rotterdam in Europe. So... 
Samir Serhan: I mean, when it comes to the merchant, it's really across the board. It's -- I mean, it's nitrogen, oxygen, argon, helium. It's really across the board that we really have pricing discipline there in this inflationary environment. So -- and I just also want to highlight in the Americas, I mean, we've mentioned it before in the prepared comments that again on-site -- hydrogen on-site has been really doing very well. I mean -- and that's helping the volume for the year. And we continue to see this going for some extended amount of time because of the refining activities. 
Samir Serhan: And if you allow me, Seifi, I just wanted to highlight, today, we already have 3 major on-site blue hydrogen contracts for 15-plus years with a premium for the blue product. 
