Simon R. Moore: [Audio Gap] welcome to Air Products' third quarter earnings teleconference. This is Simon Moore. I'm pleased to be joined today by John McGlade, our CEO; and Scott Crocco, our CFO. After our remarks, we'll be pleased to take your questions. We issued our earnings release this morning. It is available on our website along with the slides for this teleconference. Please go to airproducts.com to access the materials. Instructions for accessing the replay of this call, beginning at 2 p.m. Eastern Time, are also available on our website. Please turn to Slide 2. As always, today's teleconference will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions. Please review the information on these slides, and at the end of today's earnings release, explaining factors that may affect these expectations. Now I'll turn the call over to John.
Simon R. Moore: Yes, Bob, good question. So certainly, there, you are acknowledging that there is a lag delay in recovering the power costs, and I think we really saw the power cost impact. We saw it primarily in North America, certainly with the increase in natural gas costs and that significantly impacting power costs, where gas is on the margin for power producers. We also saw increased power costs in Asia. And I guess it's important to note that we did see these power costs increase. At the same time, while we wouldn't have been expecting to recover all of that in price this quarter, we are also seeing some pressure on the liquid oxygen, liquid nitrogen pricing as well.
Simon R. Moore: No, Bob. We've seen it -- and consistent with the rough rules of thumb we shared, both in terms of the impact on sales and operating income, we have seen that in the Tonnage business.
Simon R. Moore: Yes, Jim, this is Simon. It's a good question. And again, I think one of the things that we need to make sure we're keeping an eye on is not just price on its own, but also kind of the price/cost trade-off. And so specifically in Asia, we have seen some price pressure in our LOX/LIN/LAR, liquid oxygen, liquid nitrogen and liquid argon business. So we've seen some negative pricing in Asia in those businesses, and that's come at the same time that we're seeing some power cost increases. So we're seeing -- as we commented, that's one of the key issues that's creating a little bit of a margin squeeze for us in that business. Now if I could just -- the helium scenario is different than what I've just described. Helium pricing has been strong and positive in all the regions.
Simon R. Moore: Yes. So, Ernie, let me just make a few comments broadly about helium. And so first of all, setting a context that we think over a multi-year time frame, helium remains tight, why is that? We've got increased demand, customers are utilizing more helium in medical applications, in the electronics industry and in welding applications. And at the same time, today, 30% of the world's helium comes from the U.S. government, and that opportunity to supply is declining over time. So there are new sources that are needed to come on to replace some of the decline in existing sources, and we have increasing demand. So that's the kind of long-term time frame. If we step back from that a little bit, we have our project in Wyoming that we expect to get product from later this year. You've also seen, for the industry, some new projects come onstream here just recently. So those projects will help. But quite frankly, again, it's in a framework where the demand is increasing and some of the existing supply is coming down. I would also just note that you might have heard me mention that we have another project, separate from this Wyoming project, that we would expect to have an announcement on fairly soon.
Simon R. Moore: Sure. I think Electronics -- so first of all, maybe reset for FY '13, our fiscal year, we expect Electronics square inches of silicon demand to be down somewhere in the 0 to a few percent, and that's different than what we had expected of mid-single digit growth when we set out for the year. So clearly, the industry has not grown the way we and others expected for the year. I think -- as we look to 2014, I think the industry forecasts we see are generally up in that mid-single digits range, but we're going to have to take a very hard look at that as we get closer to the end of the year here. I think if there's one good thing in the industry, while it hasn't been a strong growth period, you've seen a relative amount of stability, where inventory levels have maintained relatively stable levels for our customers along this time.
Simon R. Moore: Well -- so it's really -- I mean, it's a combination of both. Right? We obviously aren't in a robust growth environment from Electronics, and it's still a good job by the team to share margin improvements. Specifically year-on-year, we did have a mix effect in the electronics equipment business that helped that as well.
Simon R. Moore: Yes. So I think you make a good observation. And I will say, for the last few quarters, we have seen pricing dynamics that aren't necessarily exactly correlated with overall regional loading rates, right? And so this isn't a commodity business, right? It's a very local business. So specifically, your question on what's happening in pricing, we've got some price pressures across all of the regions, particularly, again, I'm speaking of the LOX/LIN/LAR business. So we are seeing some price pressure in Europe, where prices are coming down. In the U.S./Canada and LOX/LIN, while prices are stable, we've got input costs going up. And in Asia, quite frankly, we've got higher power costs and higher -- and LOX/LIN prices coming down. So I don't know that we would necessarily select one competitor as creating this competitive pressure, but I think you are seeing some price pressure across LOX/LIN, again contrasting that with helium, where pricing continues to be strong.
John E. McGlade: Thanks, Simon, and good morning. Before we take you through the details of the quarter, I would like to make a few comments. While we did see signs of improvement, the quarter generally continued the pattern of weak economic growth and a soft electronics market. Despite this, our earnings did come in above the midpoint of our range. Our underlying volumes were flat versus prior year, excluding the impact of our decision to exit the Polyurethane Intermediates business. As we said last quarter, we expect this slow growth environment to continue for some time. Most importantly, we continue to stay focused on actions within our control. Last year's European restructuring is complete and delivering the full $60 million per year run rate benefit we expected. The integration of our Indura acquisition is proceeding as planned. And while early, the initial results of our EPCO acquisition announced last quarter are encouraging. Through the quarter, we remain focused on execution and continue to drive improvement through cost discipline and productivity. Further, we are confident our $3 billion project backlog, which is over 80% on-site/pipeline business with long-term take-or-pay contract terms, will drive earnings growth into the future. In our Merchant and Electronics and Performance Materials businesses, we are taking proactive steps to continue to improve the performance of the business today, and we see significant opportunity when the economy improves to load our existing assets at high incremental margins. As I mentioned on last quarter's call, we are actively assessing additional actions we can take that would result in improved margins and returns, and increase value to our shareholders. That process is ongoing, and we are making good progress. As a result of these new actions, we expect to take a charge of approximately $100 million to $150 million pretax, or $0.30 to $0.50 per share in our fiscal Q4, with savings beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year '14. Once fully implemented, we expect the savings to be of the same order of magnitude as the $60 million per year benefit we achieved through the actions announced in 2012. Our plan is focused on improving our cost position in those regions and businesses that are facing the greatest challenges from slower market growth. We will have more specifics to share with you about this on or before next quarter's earnings call. I want to be clear that these cost actions do not mean our assessment is completed. We are continuing to actively review additional opportunities available to us to further improve our operations and increase shareholder value, and we'll keep you updated on our progress. Finally, our cash priorities remain unchanged: invest in our businesses at returns that create increasing shareholder value; increase our dividend each year, which we've now done for 31 consecutive years; strive to maintain an A bond rating; and repurchase shares. Now let me turn the call over to Scott to review our results.
John E. McGlade: Certainly, on the larger projects that -- we still see very, very good bidding activity. We've been quite successful. We mentioned the fact that we've had about a $3 billion project backlog when you consider projects that are in execution and a few that we'll announce shortly. In my mind, in this business, it's always been about where you have your skills, your competitive differentiation. And to be clear, and I think I've said this many times, there's no strategic project when you're making a $100 million bet or more on a long-term take-or-pay contract. You really have to earn the return expectations that are accretive to the strategy of the business and the corporation or you don't take it.
John E. McGlade: Yes, David, a couple of points. Really, China is really a tale about 2 stories right now in the context of the slowing Merchant business, although, as Simon noted, it's starting to improve a little, is really a function of decisions made in China to slow down the sort of manufacturing-driven economy in favor of urbanization, in favor of consumer opportunities, et cetera. The projects that we're pursuing -- and the answer specifically to your question is we have not seen a slowdown once the new government had gotten in place. For a couple of quarters there, as the government transition was happening, projects weren't getting approved at the national or the provincial level until they understood where the new government is. But frankly, the policies of the new government, whether they'd be around the energy policy of self-sufficiency, around energy and feedstocks or environmental policies, has really put a pretty strong focus on opportunity. And so we see the bidding continuing at levels now that it was, say, before the government changed. And one of the hidden opportunities in this new government's focus, frankly, is their real drive to stronger environmental standards, particularly around transportation fuels in and around the large urban cities, we believe is going to start generating a hydrogen opportunity that's kind of a new opportunity in China. We're executing a couple of hydrogen plants as we speak there, but we see more of that opportunity coming.
John E. McGlade: Yes, Don. Let me take the first part and I'll look to Scott on the second part, if you don't mind. Look, what we're looking at is really overhead and asset, but not business, adjustments to really reflect sort of our current and future view of where the economic growth of the world is going. I think in the last call, I was pretty clear that we like our portfolio as it is. I think good companies continually do assessments of their portfolios, asking the questions around, "Are you the high-value owner or not?" And as I sit here today, I'll go back to my comments last quarter and my comments a moment ago that I like the quality of the portfolio we have, but that we will continue to focus to improve the underlying margins and returns of those assets.
John E. McGlade: Sure. That's a great question, P.J. And maybe if I go back to when I was in the Tonnage business here in the early 90s and we began looking at hydrogen for refineries, you got a similar set of questions. And the way we looked at that in terms of our own view of risk was really to do pretty robust assessments of the economics of that particular refinery in that case, or this particular gasification project in China. And what I'm really trying to say is will that project, one, with the economics that meet the needs of the energy costs or the feedstock costs that they're producing as opposed to who the ownership of that project is. And the reason we started doing that, if you will, back in the hydrogen days, is you were having a lot of refineries bought by unknown entities. They weren't multinational oil companies operating them anymore. So it's really critical to get an assessment of that project's economics in the context of the marketplace that they operate in. We do the same on these projects in China. And frankly, we've passed on quite a number of them, where we didn't even place bids if we didn't feel either the end product they were going into. So the end products ranged from methanol to synthetic natural gas to chemical building blocks, and we've passed on frankly a lot of the projects that we're in, in areas that we felt, long-term, the economics weren't sustainable. Many of the projects -- most of the projects that we're involved in now and most of the new projects are really in the coal to liquids and the synthetic natural gas, and the economics, the scale, we believe, are competitive with alternative energy sources or feedstock sources in China. But rest assured, it's a question that I ask the team long before we've submitted a bid as to whether or not we should deploy our resources on a particular project. We do earn, as we've talked many times before, higher risk-adjusted returns because of the nature of cost of debt and equity and country risk factors and all of the things that you would expect when you're not operating in other geographies. As you know, we adjust that by the geographies we operate in, and we do ensure that we get a high-quality take-or-pay on-site contract to underpin these projects.
John E. McGlade: So one of the things that obviously has depressed the returns is, if you think back over the last maybe 18 months to 2 years, our CapEx has picked up both because of the organic opportunities that we have in the marketplace, so hydrogen, large ASUs, as well as the Indura acquisition. And you've got to grow into that quite frankly. And the way we calculate that return, which is a rolling 5-quarter or 4-quarter average, you begin to feel the impact of that gradually over sort of the next year to 1.5 years going forward. As Scott mentioned a moment ago, with CapEx and bidding activity sort of in the range, minus the acquisitions that we have, we should grow into that, if you will. And then the combination of the actions we're taking to drive the performance in the business, the addition of the new project backlog to the P&L now as they come on stream, and some continued gradual economic recovery, one, I would expect returns to improve; and two, they need to return -- improve. And let me turn it over to Scott, and I'm sure he can provide a little bit more color on that.
John E. McGlade: So -- I mean, let me weigh in a minute, Laurence, and certainly, Simon or Scott can add some additional commentary to what I'm about to say. The reality of it is we get into -- whether it's a refinery project, a gasification project, although the projects in China tend to be quicker perhaps sometimes than the refinery expansions, these are long-cycle projects, 4 years, 3 or 4 years in the making. We get brought into the process maybe a year into the customer's project, and I would argue that projects are 2.5 years on average, some a little less, some a little more depending on where they're located and the customer, frankly, that's building the project. So I can't -- within months, I can't really see a definitive difference in the cycle if I'm comparing it to large hydrogen additions to refineries as we've seen a lot of historically.
John E. McGlade: Well, good question, Mike, and I appreciate your acknowledging that the team has done a great job with growing those volumes. And I think what you're really seeing is we've been sharing with you some insight into our contract signings over the last year or so, and we're really seeing a benefit of that step-up and that new business coming on stream. As we've said in the past, though, the overall volumes are also dependent on kind of what's happening with our base business, and I think we've seen some good performance in our base business as well. As I mentioned today, contract signings continue to be strong, so we're optimistic that we'll continue to see good volume growth in our U.S./Canada LOX/LIN business.
John E. McGlade: And, Mike, quite frankly, in the past, we've added that in. To give you some insight in there, if we did add in those Mexico LOX/LIN volumes, it'd be up a little bit more than even the U.S./Canada.
John E. McGlade: Yes, it's progressing quite well. I was over there a month or 2 ago, and the project is on budget, on schedule. The team's really, really charged up about the opportunity and already looking at ways to further improve the existing project authorization through some of the opportunities they've been able to identify.
John E. McGlade: Well, first, what I'd suggest is every unit op in that facility is a unit op that we operate or have operated across our assets over the years. It's just really the combination of those unit ops. So from a technology point of view and an operating point of view, while we've done very rigorous assessments across -- with internal and external experts, I'm very comfortable with our ability to do this. And I'm very comfortable in our ability to do it with the reliability and capabilities that we've committed to our customer base. So we're going to make decisions on the opportunities for these projects based on the market availability of them, and then frankly, being a first mover into the market, given the profitability of these projects and the opportunity of that to deliver value to our shareholders.
John E. McGlade: Well, certainly -- let me start with -- where our margins are today aren't acceptable to me. I understand that we need to improve them. And what I was really trying to say, both in the actions we've said we're evaluating, that will help us in that context. As it relates specifically to the portfolio, my commentary there is I like our business positions. I don't necessarily -- around the globe, I don't necessarily like the economic scenarios today in all of those positions, but the combination of the actions we're taking and an expectation, as Scott mentioned in his talk, that Europe is bottoming, Simon's comments on Electronics a little bit ago, where we're probably getting towards the bottom of the cycle there as well, really, I believe, will be accretive to margins as we begin to see some economic uptick over the next number of quarters. The other point I'd make relative to the discussion that you referenced back to in the '10, '11 time frame was one of the things that -- on the positives that has developed is the on-site opportunities driven either by the energy or policy or environmental regulations in China and more broadly, around the globe, that gives us a higher mix of Tonnage. In the short term, that higher mix of Tonnage has some depression on margins as you work through the capital in construction. So you have a depression on margins. Frankly -- typically, on the Tonnage businesses, you have lower absolute margins because of the nature of the energy pass-through, but frankly, also lower absolute risk because of the contract.
John E. McGlade: Yes. I mean, to be clear -- and I meant what I said. I do like the portfolio that we have today. There are assets and overhead opportunities broadly across the globe, and we'll work on those.
John E. McGlade: Thanks, Jessica. Let me just wrap up by saying our focus on increasing shareholder value remains unwavering. Our emphasis on cost reduction, productivity improvement and disciplined project execution remain key priorities. Our future prospects are strong given our record project backlog and the significant leverage we have in our existing assets. You'll have an opportunity to see a replay of this call at 2 p.m. today. And thank you for joining us, and have a great day.
M. Scott Crocco: Thanks, John. Please turn to Slide 3. As we look back at this past quarter, manufacturing growth was weaker than expected when we developed our prior guidance. As a result, while we did see a pickup in our volumes versus the previous quarter, the improvement was modest relative to the seasonal uptick we typically see in this quarter. Let me provide you a few comments around what we are seeing. In North America, we continue to experience modest growth as the economy decelerates due to the impacts of higher taxes from the fiscal cliff and sequestration spending cuts. In Europe, the economy is worse than we expected and continues to contract versus last year despite some weak sequential growth during the quarter. In Asia, China continues to grow below trend line as the new government policy is focused on reforms in addition to growth. And the slower growth in China and the developed markets is impacting other emerging economies in Asia and South America. The electronics industry has remained soft with new fab construction delays, and the outlook for silicon processing remains below last year. Non-residential construction did not pick up during the quarter as we had expected, and this has impacted our Performance Materials volumes. As I mentioned last quarter, the LOX/LIN pricing environment in Merchant has become more difficult due to softer volumes, particularly in Europe and Asia, thereby impacting our ability to completely recover variable cost increases. While pricing was stable in North America, we were not able to fully recover power cost increases. Despite these challenges, and as John mentioned, we did deliver EPS above the midpoint of the guidance we provided in April. Let me now take you through our overall results. For the quarter, sales of $2.5 billion were 9% higher versus prior year, with acquisitions contributing 6% and energy and raw material pass-through adding 5%. On an underlying basis, sales were down 2% due to our previously announced decision to exit the Polyurethane Intermediates or PUI business. Excluding PUI, higher volumes in our Merchant Gases and Equipment businesses were offset by lower volumes in our Electronics business. Sequentially, overall sales increased 3%, primarily due to seasonally stronger volumes in our Merchant and Performance Materials businesses. Simon will provide additional segment and geographic detail shortly. Operating income of $383 million decreased 3% versus prior year and 2% sequentially. Our operating margin of 15% was down 200 basis points versus prior year due to higher pension costs, higher energy pass-through and the underrecovery of increased variable costs, primarily in the Merchant business. Each of these had about a 50-basis-point impact on margin. And consistent with past quarters, the Indura acquisition has about a 20-basis-point dilutive impact. Sequentially, our margin declined 70 basis point, primarily due to pension settlements and higher merchant costs. Net income and diluted earnings per share were down 5% and 4%, respectively, versus last year. Our return on capital employed of 10.5% was lower due to an increase in our capital in part due to the Indura acquisition. Turning to Slide 4. You can see an overview of the factors that affected the quarter's performance in terms of earnings per share. Our continuing operations EPS of $1.36 decreased by $0.05 or 4% versus last year. Volumes increased EPS by $0.10, including $0.06 from Indura. Pricing, energy and raw materials taken together decreased EPS by $0.05, due primarily to higher power costs in our Merchant business. Net cost performance was $0.06 unfavorable, including a $0.05 unfavorable pension impact. Our productivity about offset inflation and higher planned maintenance. Excluded from the volume and cost lines is the net $0.04 unfavorable impact from our decision to exit the PUI business. We saw no impact from currency translation and foreign-exchange year-on-year. Equity affiliate income contributed $0.01, and noncontrolling interest was $0.01 greater due to the addition of Indura. Interest expense was $0.03 higher due to increased debt. Our tax rate was 24%, slightly lower than last year and contributed $0.01. And lastly, lower shares outstanding as a result of our $460 million share repurchase in Q1 contributed $0.02. Now for a review of our business segment results, I'll turn the call over to Simon.
M. Scott Crocco: Thanks, Simon. Now please turn to Slide 10, and let me provide you a brief summary of our outlook. Given the weaker-than-expected conditions we saw in Q3, we remain cautious on our expectations for near-term economic growth. In the U.S., growth in manufacturing output is expected to come in at the low end of our range. Uncertainty in the economy remains and unresolved fiscal challenges and diminished global demand are likely to continue to impact the pace of the recovery. In Europe, FY '13 will show negative year-over-year growth in manufacturing, below our expectations. We are hopeful that we are approaching the bottom and anticipate sequential growth going forward. In Asia, we expect a gradual acceleration in manufacturing growth to continue, particularly in China. However, the recent government focus in China on reform is expected to temper growth going forward. And in South America, we expect the year to be at the low end of our original expectations. Our backlog remains robust, about $3 billion including a few projects that have not yet been announced. We still see a number of opportunities in oxygen for coal gasification in China and in hydrogen projects around the world. CapEx is expected to be about $2 billion this year, consistent with our most recent guidance. For Q4, our EPS guidance is $1.44 to $1.50, based on the following factors: on the positive side, we expect to see improved sequential volumes in Merchant; higher volumes and lower maintenance and tonnage following a number of customer outages this past quarter; less of an impact from the PUI business; and Equipment and Energy results should show some sequential improvement as well. A partial offset is expected from a higher share count. This results in our full year EPS guidance range being $5.47 to $5.53, within the range we shared with you last quarter despite the slower economy. Now let me turn it back to John to wrap up.
M. Scott Crocco: In terms of your second question, Don, this is Scott, the $0.25 we would expect to see for FY '13 is still our number. Recognize that there's been some adjustments in terms of the timing. We have not seen any project cancellations. Obviously, with large projects, delays are not uncommon. But for the year, we would expect to see earnings per share year-on-year growth of $0.25 from new projects coming onstream. And while we haven't yet developed our guidance for next year, as we work through the backlog, we would expect a commensurate amount next year as well as we bring onstream those projects in backlog.
M. Scott Crocco: So, P.J., this is Scott. So as you mentioned, we've got a $3 billion backlog currently and recognize that's going to move around, especially with these projects being fairly large. We would expect for the foreseeable future going forward that the backlog would remain roughly at $3 billion. And in terms of capital spending, this year we said $2 billion, and we think that, that's probably going to be about the range where we come in next year as well, about $2 billion CapEx.
M. Scott Crocco: Right. So just to build on what John said, Kevin, so I would see the year coming in on a low 10. As John mentioned, we're working through the projects that are in backlog. And as we've talked about in the past, we've got a lot of existing leverage to load the facilities we have. So I would see kind of a bottoming out, either where we are now or maybe in '14. And then as those projects come on from the backlog, immediately start contributing both to earnings and cash flow, as well as loading the existing capacity we have in our system that will then start driving up both returns on capital, cash flow, as well as earnings.
M. Scott Crocco: Yes, Mike, this is Scott. So between the -- principally, from the power perspective, that would have been the pressure on the margins, recognizing also the Merchant business will pick up its share of the pension impact as well.
M. Scott Crocco: Mike, this is Scott. We know that in this business, it's a little bit lumpy. And so just directionally, maybe it's a little bit higher than $0.05 year-on-year, but not huge. And I think as we mentioned before, we continue to see opportunities out there on a global basis, and we continue to not only work down the backlog but look for additional orders and look to have announcements in the not-too-distant future.
M. Scott Crocco: So, Mark, this is Scott. I would say about half or so of the backlog is in China. And again, we've got a lot of different opportunities on a global basis, so I would see that number staying about that -- in that range going forward.
M. Scott Crocco: Mark, this is Scott. So we're looking at each -- as we've said before, we're looking at each of our businesses and identifying opportunities to make sure that we are rightsized given the economic environment and the level of business activity. And so there's -- every area of the company is under evaluation.
M. Scott Crocco: Well -- so it's going to go away at the end of this calendar year, and so we'll see -- in '14, we'll see a year-on-year impact, 1 quarter seen in '14 versus a full year that we saw here in '13. That will take us a while before we lap it.
M. Scott Crocco: So this is Scott. So working capital does in fact include Indura. We track closely all our accounts and look at past dues, day sales outstanding and so forth. And so there's not -- recognizing there's a mix across the different geographies, we are diligently managing that, and we don't see any issues in terms of working capital.
M. Scott Crocco: Let's separate it into 2 pieces. First, the cash and ERISA requirement versus the book accounting. From an ERISA perspective, we feel good about the level of contributions that have been made and don't foresee any large additional contributions in the near term. If I shift then to a book perspective, as you point out, rates -- who knows where they're going to go? But to the extent that they do go up and then reduce the liability on a present value basis, there might be some tailwinds going forward from a book accounting perspective and pensions in the future.
M. Scott Crocco: They'd be up modestly as we go through the integration and deliver on the synergies that we've expected there as part of the implementation.
