Guillermo Novo: Thank you, Corning. The Materials Technology team delivered another strong quarter. As I shared with you during our February Versum conference call, we believe we've made structural and sustainable improvements to our business, which you can see from this graph of the margin improvement over the last three years. This improvement was driven by continuous actions on multiple fronts: innovation, focusing on our key products and markets, leveraging pricing opportunities, productivity, improving our cost structure and taking needed portfolio actions. While there will be normal fluctuations in quarterly results driven in part by end market changes, we do not see this as a cyclical business. Turning to slide 17 on this quarter's results, segment sales of $490 million, were down 7% versus last year. Volumes were down 6% on lower delivery systems in electronics and lower additives and epoxy demand in Performance Materials. EBITDA of $150 million was up 1% and operating income of $129 million was up 4% as price/raw material management, mix and our restructuring actions more than offset headwinds from lower volumes and currency. As a result, EBITDA margins of 30.2%, was up 240 basis points and operating margin of 26.2% was up almost 300 basis points, both representing another quarterly record. In October, I told you that we expected to deliver higher profits in 2016 than in 2015 and we are well on our way. Through two quarters, our EBITDA is up about $20 million higher than last year. We remain confident on our outlook for 2016 and are working to continue to deliver improved profits in the second half of the year. On slide 18, you can see the results for Electronic Materials. Sales of $234 million were down 10% on lower volumes while higher pricing offset negative currency effect. As expected, delivery systems activity was down significantly compared to high level of project activity last year. Overall Materials volumes were roughly flat as we continued to see growth in our Advanced Materials business, partially offset by weakness in our Taiwan foundry customers. For Electronic Materials, EBITDA of $83 million was down 1% and operating income of $70 million was up 4% versus last year. EBITDA margins of 35.5% were up over 300 basis points and operating margins of 30.1% was up 400 basis points. Pricing and mix and the benefit of our restructuring actions were the key drivers, more than offsetting currency headwinds. On slide 19, you can see the results of Performance Materials. Sales of $261 million were down 5% on 2% lower volumes, 2% lower prices and 1% negative currency effect. Epoxy volumes were down on weakness in oil and gas and marine coatings. Additive volumes were also impacted by oil and gas weakness, as well as mining, including a specific customer temporary site shutdown in Brazil. We did see stronger polyurethane additives volumes across all market segments. Overall, prices were down, given broader petrochemical-driven deflation, but were more than offset by lower raw material costs. For Performance Materials, EBITDA of $67 million was up 1% and operating income of $60 million was up 2%. EBITDA margins of 25.8% and operating margins of 22.8% were both up 160 basis points primarily driven by mix improvement and favorable price/raw material balance. On slide 20, you can see the updated trailing 12-month results for Materials Technology segment. Sales of over $2 billion, EBITDA of $591 million with margins of 29.3% and operating income of $504 million with margins of 25%. This is as reported within Air Products so it does not include any allocated corporate costs. As you can see, our results continue to demonstrate that Versum Materials is a very high-quality business with very attractive margins. Our team remains focused on our key priorities: safety, top line growth and margin enhancement. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Simon for a quick comment on our Corporate segment.
Guillermo Novo: Yes. If you look at pricing in the materials space, the three big drivers that we focus on is one is value pricing. That's about technology and innovation and how we improve the overall mix of our business, and that's been going very well. Our innovation engine is doing well, and mix improvement has been a good driver of our margin improvement and growth. I think the second driver is just competitive dynamics. Where we are in different markets, if you look at all the actions we've taken on the portfolio side and our cost actions, we are in a much more competitive position and that's allowed us to play a much more offensive game in terms of both volumes and pricing in those kinds of segments. And the last segment for us is mostly around our functional surfactants, and that's more formula-based pricing where the raw materials do have a component. So we've had a favorable lag effect as we look through that pricing overall, but all three of those areas have been performing very well for us.
Guillermo Novo: Thanks for the question. Now, if you look at our Advanced Materials, we're seeing – obviously it varies by segment. The memory market has continued to be very strong and our projections are that that is still going to continue to be a growth area for us. Volumes are holding up. Obviously that segment is getting impacted more on pricing from our – on our customer side, the pricing of DRAM and NAND, but overall volumes are still good, and we're very well-positioned with a lot of the new technologies, process of record for the next generation. So, that's doing very well. On the Process Materials, our volumes are holding up. We've been capacity-constrained, so some of the fluctuations in the markets haven't been as big of an impact to us, although we did see a slowdown in the early part of the quarter and a pickup in the backend of the quarter because of the Taiwan earthquake and just softness in the foundry market. But we're bringing on new capacity, and as the memory market continues to grow, we expect the demand to continue.
Guillermo Novo: Well, two comments I would make. One is it's not just that they're going to smaller nodes and higher technology. In general, that requires new materials, new processes, and that is what's driving our formula for growth traditionally. So that's something that has not changed. What is changing now is also that a lot of the structures are going vertical. And so you can think about if they had 25 layers before, now you have 50 layers – had 50 layers. They have 100 layers. So the amount of material used and the steps are getting much more complex, and you just use a lot more. So if you think NF3 as an example in the clean business, now you have more steps. You have more cleaning steps, demand is going up, and that's what's driven a lot of the volume growth on the material side. So from a materials perspective, the next-generation nodes, materials are going to be a much bigger driver and enabler for the newer technologies, and that's a good thing for our space.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Thank you, Simon. Now please turn to slide number 21 for a discussion of our outlook. The Air Products team is focused on implementing our five-point strategic plan to move us forward to become the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. Our guidance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 is for earning per share of $1.87 to $1.92. At midpoint, this will be an increase of $0.24 or 14% over the third quarter of last year and would represent our eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit earning growth that we have delivered. Despite an increasingly uncertain economic background but based on our strong focus on self-help measures, we are increasing our full year fiscal 2016 guidance to $7.40 to $7.55 per share. At midpoint, this will be an increase of $0.88, or 13% over our very strong fiscal year 2015 performance and is $0.10 higher than the guidance we gave you in October. We now expect our CapEx to be about $1.2 billion for the year, down about 30% from fiscal year 2015. As you can see from our results, we improved our free cash flow by over $120 million this quarter. As a reminder, our priorities for the use of cash remain as follows: number one, maintaining our A credit rating; number two, investing in good projects and accretive acquisitions; number three, continuing to increase our dividends; and number four, finally, if and only if there is excess cash available, we are very comfortable returning money to our shareholders in the form of share buybacks. At the end of the day, the cash that we generate belongs to the shareholders and we will only spend our cash if we have enough high return projects or good acquisitions. And now, we will be delighted to answer your questions.
Seifollah Ghasemi: It is broad based, but it is primarily driven by our delivering the second $300 million of self-help measures that we have planned for.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Look, David, the famous saying is that it's very difficult to make predictions if it is about the future. So we do not have that kind of a visibility to be able to predict that. That's why in our forecast and the guidance, we are assuming flat volumes. I don't want to venture into predicting that because we really don't know.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Duffy, that's an excellent question. I don't want to speak for the industry, but that is an excellent opportunity for Air Products. They have identified that as an area that we are going to be very aggressive about, and I think that would be a very positive development in our growth. That's one of the reasons we are optimistic about our growth. And as you know, we have organized ourselves now, we have a President for that part of the world. We have strengthened our team there, and we are very active in that area. Yes.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, Bob, thanks very much for the question. I can certainly make some comments on that. Number one, you know our industry very well. I'd like to distinguish between two parts. One is our merchants and packaged gases business and our onsite business. The merchant and packaged gas businesses in this industry has always and will continue to grow with industrial production. There is no change on that. There is no change in the industry. If you are focused on packaged gases and liquids and you try to move your portfolio towards that as some of our competitors are doing, you're going to be stuck with growth with industrial production, whatever it is. So there's no change in the industry. Where we see significant opportunities for Air Products, because that is our core competency and that is the biggest part of our portfolio, it is on the big onsite plants. And on that front, both for hydrogen and for oxygen, we see significant opportunities for growth. That is why I think for the long term, Bob, our overall goal for Air Products is to continue to grow our earnings per share 10% a year. That's our goal. And we have delivered in the last two years and that would be our goal to continue to deliver that. And we see that as a good possibility.
Seifollah Ghasemi: If I may just add, the project that you're talking about in Canada is not a small project. It's about $400 million. So that has a significant effect on reducing that backlog.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I'm not sure what you're talking about. We haven't reached any agreement with anybody and I do not want to speculate about market rumors. So, sorry John, I can't comment on that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: What we are disclosing to you is maintenance CapEx that is totally different than maintenance expense. Our maintenance expense is to upkeep our plant so that they keep running and serve our customers. We have not had any cutback on that. We are totally focused on that. The maintenance CapEx is basically a function of replacing old assets that need to be replaced, and that is what we are reporting. So there is no real connection between the two.
Seifollah Ghasemi: With respect to our projections, obviously, it depends on the projects. But we can certainly see a situation there. Our capital expenditure will be somewhere between $1.0 billion to $1.5 billion a year. In terms of regions, the areas with the greatest opportunity is the United States Gulf Coast because of low natural gas and significant potential in China. In addition to that, there is opportunities on the area that I was asked a question about in the Middle East and all of that. That's an additional opportunity. So that's where we see that. There are projects in other parts of the world, like people wanting to replace an old ASU in Europe and so on. But the major projects are definitely in China and in the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, thank you very much for the question. We still believe that we are on track to deliver that second $300 million in the four years. This will be the first year. Therefore, by the end of the year, we'll be at a run rate of $75 million which means that this year, we'll deliver at least $35 million, $36 million, $40 million, half of that, and we are well on our way in doing that. We are doing actually better than we thought we will be doing, and that's one of the reasons we increased our guidance for the year.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I would have to say just about any option that you can imagine. We have looked at everything. That's our job, to look at these options.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, the customers that I'm talking about in terms of growth are the very large demand for oxygen and hydrogen. Those customers we have talked to, I told you I was just in China in the last two weeks with Corning and the rest of our people. Those customers have big plans. I'm very optimistic about what they want to do.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Jeff, you need to let me off the hook on trying to answer that question, please. I mean, I cannot speculate on that. I think that would be very premature. Sorry about that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, from what I see, there are significant number of these projects on the drawing board, and some of them are getting approval from the government. So, from where we are, it looks very positive.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I think with that I would like to thank everybody for being on the call. Once again, thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We do appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing our results with you in the next quarter. I hope you have a very nice day, and all the best.
Michael Scott Crocco: Yes. Hi, Vincent. Good morning. When we came out of last quarter and we always just project currencies to stay where they were. At the end of last quarter, we would have said that for the year, FY 2016 versus prior year, our currency headwinds would have been $0.20, maybe $0.25. Now as we close this quarter and again move the currency sideways, our current view is that year-on-year, FY 2016 versus 2015, is about a $0.15 headwind. So, net-net, we've got about another $0.05 less year-on-year headwind from currency. So hopefully I was clear on that. I'll point out also that the driver of that is all the various currencies. The euro now has mitigated a little bit, so when you look at our rules of thumb, it's also been, not only the major ones like the euro and the RMB that we've given you in the past, but also areas where we're smaller but we've seen quite a bit of movement in the currencies like the real, Korean won and Canadian dollar and so forth.
Michael Scott Crocco: Yes, sure, Bob. The reason why the CapEx came down projected for this year is really just spending for the projects that we already have in the backlog. So as we project out for the year, we get close to the end of the year, what's the spending going to be for those projects, that's why we moved it down. The other thing in terms of the backlog, you'll note that we did bring on, as we mentioned, a big project up in Canada. And that's the biggest reason why our backlog has come down from $2.4 billion down to $2.1 billion.
Michael Scott Crocco: Sure. We just had some maintenance in one of our equity affiliates in Americas. So that's all, it's just timing items, nothing substantive and underlying.
Corning F. Painter: Yes. Thank you. So I think you can see kind of in our results the progress that we've made thus far in our pricing. We typically only announce pricing increases in North America that affect some contracts more than others. But you can see we've had broad-based success in pricing, particularly in Europe, South America as well. So if you come down to it, if you ask me, this really turns on if you go back to the concept of focus on the core. So that we focus on gases, we give the customers good service, we earn the right to raise the price increases, and we've got a self-confident and motivated team that goes out and gets it, and I see that trend continuing for us.
Corning F. Painter: So I'm sorry but no, I really cannot comment on what I think discipline would be in this industry. I could really only talk about our own actions on pricing, which I've already really shared.
Corning F. Painter: Yes. So I think, overall, our exposure to the China end-market is relatively small, our steel end-market that is. And there's really a potential upside in this. So for a long time, the CPC, the Communist Party of China, has talked about rationalizing the steel mills. And many of these smaller regional steel mills have their own captive air separation plants. They make liquid product. They basically dump that into the market space. So more recently, there's been more serious talk out of Beijing about this, and there's been more talk of setting up funds aside to help the social transition associated with this. And I would say we begin to see that happening right now and our steel prices are now up a little bit, so we'll have to see. But, all in all, I see this as a rational and positive development.
Corning F. Painter: No. I would just say if you're talking about where there's a little more momentum towards loading, obviously that's in China where you can see the volume movement.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. So, the maintenance reduction for us in this quarter was about $0.04 for us. Going forward, we're going to expect that to trend up, and that's in our forecast for the next – that we've put out for the next quarter and the full year.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah. Good question. So, a couple of things. Number one, I think, it's sort of hard to talk about regional economic trends. It is so specific what's happening in one segment versus another. And even in North America steel, if you're making steel that goes into a car, you're doing great. If you're making tube, you're not doing well. So, we, in fact, have two mills that are down. I mean, they pay their BFC (57:51), but they're down. If they were to restart, right, and the economy picked up, that would be positive. Yes, it would make more argon. But probably, in that same environment, we'd see demand for stainless steel increase. And stainless steel takes a lot of argon. So, I personally think the argon market in the U.S. is going to remain relatively tight through this transition here.
Corning F. Painter: Yeah, maybe just to acknowledge. So even today on our large pipeline system, we have some hydrogen sources where we're off taking for a customer. And so to the extent hydrogen is available, that's an opportunity for us to bring it in. I think another reality is that a lot of this hydrogen is going to be consumed at that customer and a lot of it's going to be used for fuel value.
Corning F. Painter: I would say in the Americas, if you strip out oilfield services, you strip out steel and you try to look at the core customers, right, the customers who were with you a year ago, are they with you now? Do those customers have volume momentum? Yes, they do. And that's kind of my point. I think, it's hard to talk about a global macro statement. I think it's much more useful to think about individual segments. In Europe, I'd say in general, it's a weak environment. It's a little hard to say in that this quarter included Easter and a year ago, it was in the third quarter. It was in April. So, I think, we're going to have to see what the actual trend turns out to be for us in Europe.
