Paul Huck: Thanks Nelson. With half of our fiscal year 2010 behind us, we are well on our way to delivering on our financial targets. Please turn to slide number four. This slide highlights some of the key financial metrics and the progress that we have made coming out of the recession. Just a bit of history; if you take a look at the left side of this slide, you’ll see the improvements that we have made as an organization, over the five-year period before the recession. We have moved our margin up a couple of 100 basis points, and we improved our return on capital by just short of 400 basis points. The other thing you can see on the right side of this slide is the impact of the global recession on the first half of our fiscal 2009. During that time we took a number of significant actions to position us appropriately coming out of the recession. Our results show the progress we have made since then, and the impact of those actions on our first half results, and the sequential improvement that we are continuing to make as an organization. Sales continued to improve as our underlying sales growth, which turn positive last quarter continued to recover. Year-to-date underlying sales growth is up 6%. Our operating margin in the first half has improved to 16%, and we remain on-track to deliver on our 17% goal in fiscal 2011. Earnings growth remains strong, and as you already seen in our press release this morning, we raised our full year earnings per share guidance again this quarter. We now expect earning per share growth to exceed 20% this fiscal year; and most importantly we continue to drive return on capital, and employ it higher, striving to keep our return on capital three to five points above our cost of capital across the cycle. This lower cost structure makes us even more competitive and well positioned, to grow faster with higher returns. Please turn to slide number five for a quick look at the current quarter. Sales increased 15% versus prior year. Underlying sales increased 9% year-on-year, due to higher volumes in our electronics and performance material segment, and our tonnage segment. Volume performance in our merchant segment continued to be mixed, with strength in Asia being offset by slower recovery in both the U.S. and Europe. Higher natural gas prices, which raised our contractual pass through of energy related costs increased sales by 2%. Additionally, favorable currency translation from a weaker dollar increased sales by 4%. Sequentially sales increased 3%, with underlying sales up 3% on volume growth across all business segments versus the prior quarter. Operating income of $364 million increased 40% from prior year, primarily due to higher volumes and better cost performance. As a result, our operating margin of 16.2% improved by 290 basis points versus last year. This improvement in margin can be sustained and should continue to improve as volumes recover. Looking forward we still have significant operating leverage available. For the quarter net income increased 41%, and diluted earnings per share increased by 38%, each versus prior year. Return on capital employed improved 70 basis points sequentially, to 11.6% on an instantaneous or run rate basis. We have improved return on capital employed to 12.1%. Turning to slide six for a review of the factors that affected the quarters performance in terms of earnings per share. Our adjusted continuing operations earnings per share increased by $0.34. Higher volumes in electronics and performance materials and tonnage helped to increase earnings per share by $0.29 year-on-year. Pricing energy and raw material all together were unfavorable subtracting $0.9. Costs were $0.12 favorable, reflecting our significant cost improvement efforts. The favorable impact to operating income from currency translation and foreign exchange was $0.05. Equity affiliate income was up $0.02; non-controlling interest was up lowering EPS by $0.02, and higher shares outstanding subtracted about $0.03. In summary, we generated solid financial results again this quarter. We are delivering on the improvements we told you about from our new investments and our cost reductions efforts. Now I’ll turn the call over to Nelson to review our business segment results. Nelson.
Paul Huck: Yes Kevin. Our goal is to have the operating margin for all of 2011 to be at the 17% level. If gas is a little lower, and it will help that margin a little bit for us.
Paul Huck: Kevin just to add to the comment which Nelson had, we did have the $0.09 down in pricing which people saw, which is a quarter to prior year impact. Sequentially our pricing impact was about flat on earnings.
Paul Huck: Yes, if you look at it on base demand, and the base demand is about flat for us in the tonnage business if you look at that overall. The bulk of the increase here is going to come from the growth of the projects coming on stream Mike.
Paul Huck: Sure and bid activity is still strong. Award activity as we talked about is not been strong; however, we are trying to see some things come to conclusion, and we would expect to see word activity pick up in the second half of the year.
Paul Huck: Well, return on capital and cash flow are actually the same, because you put cash out and you get cash back with those things. So it is driven by the return in which we are looking, and by the investment in Airgas. We think we create a significant amount of value by buying them, but we are not going to share [Inaudible] We certainly are willing to share our portion of that with the Airgas shareholders, but for right now, we are focused really on the offer that we have out there, and moving that forward, thinking that that represents a very good and value to the Airgas shareholders.
Paul Huck: There would still need to be growth Jeff on the loading of the plant, and the investment which we have out there, so yes I do need growth; but its kind of within what we expect.
Paul Huck: The total restructuring cost in this quarter were about $2 million. We expect them to grow fairly substantially.
Paul Huck: As far as the CapEx was concerned, if you look at our total CapEx, which is disclosed, we are on track, we are about 699 in the press release this morning. So if you would take that and double it, it would take you to a $1.4 billion, which is in the middle of our range Sergey.
Paul Huck: Yes, and the bulk of it comes from new projects. There is some obvious growth. I mean you have to be careful about the impact of volumes and the impact on profits. The impact on profits is going to be larger from a new plant. Some of the volume growth which we see when you go on the volumes, you are going to see like a steel plant. If I’m under them, then I’m going to have the growth in volumes but I’m not going to impact profits by that.
Paul Huck: I think a lot of what it did is it held the impact on the surcharges, which have continued to roll off David.
Paul Huck: As far as China pricing is, our pricing in China still looks pretty good, and it really is pretty much all argon.
Paul Huck: As far as we look at the pricing, most of the jobs in which we are bidding have stayed the same. We did see an award in India recently where the pricing was amazingly low on that, and to a steel company, well, well below what we would have been willing to take as a price and all of our competitors.
Paul Huck: Yes Pj, we still have a lot of costs in the [Inaudible] area. In this year, a lot of customer turnarounds for us, and so that’s something in which we are seeing, which pulls our earnings down. Now the maintenance costs are going to come off in quarter three and quarter four, and you will see improvements there.
Paul Huck: How many got delayed? If you take a look at that, we have had probably three or four of them which have pushed back from what their original timing was for us. As far as the projects which we are bringing onstream this year, we have not seen delays pretty much. The delays have more occurred for projects which have already been permitted to our outlook and stuff like that, for things which were coming on beyond 2010.
Paul Huck: Are we bringing in capital spending at the same rate? It is pretty close to that right now. Award activity probably has run down the backlog a little bit for us right now, because award activity has been slow; however, as we look towards jobs which we would expect to sign contracts on in the last half of the year, we would expect that and that we would replace or exceed a little bit the projects which actually come off this year.
Paul Huck: Yes Mike, the explanation is pretty easy. If you look at sales in 2009 quarter two, we had a lot more in the air separation side and a lot less in the LNG side. This time we have more on the LNG side and less on the air separation side. The LNG profitability is higher because I have a complete value added component to that where I pass through a lot of compression equipment and stuff like that, which I purchase on the air separation side. So its really a mix between the air separation and the LNG, and more LNG this quarter.
Paul Huck: With the pricing coming down, its obviously been a small impact to the margin in the merchant area, but as you can see, overall our margins in that area are up and will continue to go up and we would expect them to return to like a Q1 level in quarter three, but overall for the year we are going to have a good margin in that area, and so that could also be helped as we lap some of the declines in merchant pricing.
Paul Huck: Yes, so we take a plant which goes into the Gulf Coast. A well sized plant can probably add 3% or so in sales growth.
Paul Huck: As far as the electronics and performance materials there is a sequential uptake from quarter two to quarter three, and we would expect to see that, and so I would expect to see good quarter three and a good Q4, and then we will probably see a start of the sequential down in quarter one. You realize that the business here took the highest hit from the recession, and so it’s going to have the strongest bounce back also coming through here.
Paul Huck: If we take a look at on the hydrogen area, we do see a move outside the US in the place like Asia and the Middle East. For us we currently are actively involved in projects out there, and so we think that the growth for hydrogen is still going to be somewhere around the 8% to 10% range, but the shift is going to be for the bulk of the market outside the US as far as growth is concern, and less growth within North America in the near term. They will still be oil stands which could produce more growth if that gets developed.
Paul Huck: On the outsourcing in Asia, on the majors we think its going to be doable. I think we are going to see some GAB’s in China to make these things happen also.
Paul Huck: For us, in the European business the places which we have seen is the largest declines to volume now as package gas. Package gas is the late cycle as far as the business is concerned, and so our bulk market and our bulk volumes have been doing pretty well. In coming back, a lot of business in the food area has been performing well for us. If you look at the geography of it, the east and the north are probably better that the south in Europe. The South is still pretty much in a pretty tough recession at this point in time.
Paul Huck: Paul, for the people operating above the take or pays, we probably have some of that. The place which is going to impact us, and the most rare price is still on the hydrogen area for us, and that’s the bulk of our business in the tonnage area. So we really didn’t see our castors go to the mins in that area. Our customers have still continued to operate. Our volumes year-over-year in that area are about flat with those things, if I take out the new plants when you look at it. We have seen on the steel onsite, we have seen increases in the volumes. We realize that for a lot of our customers in steal, it is the take or pay contract, it’s a BFC type contract, and I get paid for the plant, and then he pays for our product charge. I typically make all of my money on the payment for the plant and not on the product charge that pass through the energy. So I don’t have a lot of volatility in the business introduced by the steal aspect of it.
Paul Huck: What happens Paul, is actually when a person operates at the mins, he doesn’t pay the product chare which is just a pass-through. So actually as the sales dollars come down, the profits tend not to come down, right. Therefore what happens is, that the margins as the loading starts to occur up to the take or pay and above it, margins tend to decline a little bit with that. The bulk of the profit in this business is earned by installing the plant, and having the plant ready to operate for the customer, and that’s where we operate at.
Paul Huck: Right now I would expect that my CapEx probably would be the same to up in 2011. A lot of that is going to depend on award activity here in the last six months.
Paul Huck: If we take a look at the contracts which have come on stream in Q2 and Q3, we basically have the Exxon job and cooperate electricity plan coming on stream, and they will have a small growth here. Probably they had a penny or so in earnings.
Paul Huck: We will be talking those efforts and wrapping them up at the end of quarter three, so we are pretty well done. The bulk of the efforts really occurred in the last half of 2009. We’ve had some continued efforts especially in Europe as we’ve been restricted at to how many people we can let go going forward here. So we are probably about 90% complete or so right now.David Manthey – Robert W. Baird: Okay, but may be a little bit more than that in terms of the shift.
Paul Huck: And that’s true Dave. I think one of the things that you should understand is we are going to continue on this cost effort going forward. So we had the program, but we always have an effort on cost. So cost in this drive for us to be low cost is going to continue. We measure ourselves against our competitors. Our competitors are good, they are working on the same thing we are. We intend to beat them on this thing and be the best investor gas company to drive the cost and the position which we have. So we are very serious about that and we will continue to take actions on cost thought our future.David Manthey – Robert W. Baird: Thank you.
Paul Huck: The opportunity which we had there Ed was, there was an opportunity in France. It fit extremely well with our current business in the area, so it’s a great opportunity. Its something which we have done in the past in the business in Europe, and it’s helped our business in Europe grow and increase the profitability and scale the business, so that was the design there. If those opportunities come up again in future, we will continue to peruse there. Right now, as far as accusation activity, we continue to evaluate some. There is nothing really hot beyond Airgas, on buying a company. The other thing which you should know is, we continue to look at buying plants which we have sold or other people have sold in the past, and bringing them in as sales gas from the sales of equipment of a captive job, and we continue to make progress in that. The type of projects which we look for in that area are ones which are going to lead to grow up in the future. We bought the Corpus Christi plant in Texas is the reason why we were able to get a good deal on the plant, but then we also see more products being required in the further, so an opportunity to invest and build a franchise there. On the Xingtai Steel, we bought some plants but we also got an order for that to build a franchise in that area for us, and so its those type or opportunities which we look at. We probably have a two or three around the world in which we are perusing right, which are looking good for us in the future.
Paul Huck: If the air gas transaction does not go forward, we will continue to work to make sure that we serve the distribution segment of the market. Weather we did that via accusations or we did that via contracts with those people or did something else, would be something which we would disclose in that point in time.
Paul Huck: I don’t try to go out and predict the exchange rates. At the close of the quarter we were looking at for quarter three and four, for the Euro to be around $1.35 or so. When you get that for the year, that probably takes us close $1.40 or so.
Paul Huck: John, package gasses has always been a lag, it has never been a lead in any of the areas, and the reason why is, because a quarter of the volumes go into investment type of activities, construction type markets. Construction always lags coming out of the recession, and so you always see that happening. But the other thing that’s happened, if you charged on the cylinders, the customers return them late. They bring them back and then your revenues drop towards the end of the recession and then it takes a while for those revenues to come back up and build back up, but package gases in the market has always been a lag business. It lags in the European economy also.
Paul Huck: Okay Peter, I will tell you that the air product shareholders are not going to get shifted by this deal. There is a lot of concerns over how much air products is going to pay, and the uncertainty of the transaction, and that’s what has temporarily taken our stock price down. We have a very good plan to go out and achieve the cost savings which we have put out there. We also have a good understanding of the business and how it has improved since the time at which we sold it. We think there are a lot of good opportunities for us going forward here, and we didn’t think the package gases was a bad business. The business, which we sold did not have scale. This deal creates value. We are going to be disciplined on price, you will continue to see that; and we will make this pay off for the air products share holders.
Paul Huck: Peter if you till look at the dynamics of the business at that point in time, it was largely unconsolidated at that point of time. Since that time period there has been a lot of consolidation by Airgas and a lot a consolidation by product in that, and the business has improved substantially. We see the opportunity here to improve the margins within the business and maintain those margins and continue to grow. We also see the opportunity to take that model and take it into the Asia market, and with the air gas transaction, that will help us do that.
Nelson Squires: Yes Kevin, this is Nelson. Volumes continue strong in the month of April, pretty much across the board, so we are seeing that March was particularly a strong month for the business. It typically is one of the two strongest months in the fiscal year, and so that played out as expected, so volumes continue the momentum into April. From a pricing standpoint, we are essentially flat quarter-on-quarter. The argon was really just the impact of bringing some new capacity on stream, that basically took pricing down a little bit, but if I looked at LOXLIN in pretty much every region its flat to slightly off. We continue to get some pricing in China where we are trying to recover against energy increases, and so we are seeing the most impact again from the liquid argon in Asia. From liquid hydrogen in North America, because natural gas prices are lower and that’s a little bit of a lag on the price, but the underlying pricing story is still holding together pretty well.
Nelson Squires: We did not sell the Airgas shares, and we gained from holding them down. The gain in holding those shares showed in other comprehensive income, its not in the P&L.
Nelson Squires: Yes, this is Nelson. As you look into the rest of the year, certainly we see a decent pickup in LOXLIN volumes in North America in the second half of the year, something probably in the neighborhood of 3% or so. We think the trend will begin to improve in Europe, although as we said that previously, we think it still remains pretty weak, and we continue to see pretty solid growth in Asia. We are bringing new capacity on-stream throughout Asia, which of course is planned and is in the sequence of doing that, but we should see volume pick up in the second half of the year; certainly in North America, continuing in Asia, and if anything flat to slightly up in Europe as we go forward.
Nelson Squires: Yes sequentially pricing is probably flat to slightly up, and I’m really referring to LOXLIN when I said that, because obviously liquid hydrogen was impacted by lower net gas costs. Quality and new signings is stable. Its rebounded and off of the bottom that we saw somewhere around four or five quarters ago, and so we are happy with the quality of signings.
Nelson Squires: I want to add Bob; this is Nelson. Certainly the improved automobile production is helping the performance material business, and as I said during the call or during the prepared remarks, one of the things that was very encouraging, that we did take a little bit of a volume hit during lunar New Year, but we were up sequentially. So customer operating rates have continued to improve and key customer rates are over 80% now. So that number we think as Paul said, continues to track upward for the next two quarters.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: In terms of the tonnage, I was curious in terms of the growth and volume there; how much of that was from a new plant coming on stream, and I’m trying to get a better gauge of how based demand is in the tonnage business and so.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Okay great, and then what about sort of bidding on new projects to fill the pipeline out to 11, 12, and 13 as business there picks up.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Right, and last question; to what degree you can offer some help in terms of your comments on Airgas and the focus for not overpaying and the right value, what are you looking at in terms of that, is it to live on a return of capital bases cash flow. I just wanted to get a little of your outlook on that.
David Begleiter: Hey Paul, just on the merchant prices of North America, shouldn’t it be a price increase that’s given you a little more boost to sequential pricing in that business.
David Begleiter: Just on Asia merchant, is that hard to climb due to liquid argon and you mentioned China pricing being better. I was under the impression that China merchant is still under some pressure from a local China competitor amongst others.
David Begleiter: Then just on the backlog on the awards of new projects, is pricing getting anymore competitive or is it to seem otherwise before the downturn.
