Simon R. Moore: Thank you, Anthony. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Air Products' Fourth Quarter 2014 Results Teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Director of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our CFO; and our senior business leaders. After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] We issued our earnings release this morning. It's available on our website along with the slides for this teleconference. Please go to airproducts.com to access the materials.  As a reminder, we will be discussing our Q4 and FY '14 results under our previous segment structure. When we report our Q1 FY '15 earnings in January, we will be reporting under our new segment structure. Please turn to Slide 2. As always, today's teleconference will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions. Please review the information on this slide and at the end of today's earnings release, explaining factors that may affect these expectations. Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.
Simon R. Moore: Thanks, Corning. Please turn to Slide 16. Excluding PUI, Tonnage Gases operating income was up 10% this quarter and up 17% sequentially, primarily due to lower costs. We continue to see strong base business demand, including for hydrogen on the U.S. Gulf Coast. Overall sales of $806 million were down 4% versus last year. Gases volumes were down 1% on lower Europe sales due to plant outages. While we did see some impact on the U.S. Gulf Coast from interruptions in feedstock supply from a supplier and a few customers having plant operating challenges, we continue to see strong demand and little to no impact from the lighter, sweeter shale oil. As we have said, while shale oil availability may moderate hydrogen demand growth going forward, the U.S. Gulf Coast customers are also adding heavy Canadian oil sands to their crude slate, which brings significant hydrogen demand. And low-cost natural gas creates an operating cost advantage for the refiners, allowing them to profitably export refined products. Overall, we may see some growth moderation but don't see risk to our existing assets. Operating income was up 17% sequentially, primarily on lower maintenance costs. Lower PUI volumes impacted sales this quarter by 4% or about $35 million and about $0.03 of profit. As a reminder, we fully exited this business in Q1 of FY '14. And for the full year, saw PUI sales down about $140 million and about an $0.08 EPS headwind. In addition to driving improvement in our base business, we continue to focus on executing our strong backlog of projects safely, on time and on budget. As we said during this quarter, we are seeing delays in onstream timing from some of our large China customers. In some cases, our customers have minor contract flexibility in start dates, but they do not have unlimited ability to delay payments to Air Products. Our customers have not stopped or halted work, but rather are seeing their large and complicated projects take longer to get up and running. We do not see this as a fundamental long-term risk to the returns but it may impact near-term earnings over the next few quarters. Now please turn to Slide 17. The Equipment and Energy segment continues to see strong growth as our leading global LNG position drove the profit improvement. Sales of $125 million were up 6% versus prior year and up 20% sequentially. Operating income of $27 million was up 34% versus prior year and up 57% sequentially. More higher-margin LNG projects and a strong cost focus drove the profit increase. The backlog of $520 million is up significantly as we announced an award for Freeport LNG's export terminal on the U.S. Gulf Coast and an award for a midsized Technip LNG project in Inner Mongolia, China. We've also received other customer awards that have not yet been announced. Overall, LNG project development activity remains high. Now I'll turn the call over to Guillermo for a review of our Electronics and Performance Materials segment results.
Simon R. Moore: Great. Thank you, Seifi. And Jeff, I think maybe if I could just frame that, I believe you asked about the full year. And I think as you reflect on the full year volumes in tonnage, first of all, it's contributed by the fact that we didn't have the new plants come onstream. But also as you remember, particularly back in Q2 and Q3, we had a lot of outages that were planned. Our customers planning our outages, we take the plants down, and so that limited our volume opportunities. So as we bring the new plants on next year, we would expect that to improve.
Guillermo Novo: Thanks, Simon. Please turn to Slide 18. The Electronics and Performance Materials segment again delivered very strong results as both businesses showed double-digit volume growth, while the focus on cost and productivity delivered leverage to the bottom line. Margins have been increasing over the last few quarters, and this was the best quarterly operating margin in more than 8 years. Segment sales of $660 million were up 14% versus last year, driven by 13% higher volumes. Versus prior year, electronic sales were up 16%. Advanced materials showed strong growth as our customers continued to ramp production of their next-generation nodes, driving increased demand for our materials. Process materials also showed strong growth by leveraging its improved cost position as end-market demand and industry capacity rationalization improved volume and pricing. Delivery Systems was up significantly as we provided equipment and installation services to a number of key fab customers and new node ramps. We would expect particularly the installation portion, which is roughly 30% to 40% of our Delivery System sales, to slow as we move through fiscal year '15. Tonnage also showed growth as we brought onstream new projects. Sequentially, sales were up 14%. Performance Materials sales were up 11% versus last year as we saw strong growth across every region and every product line. End-market demand remains strong, and we are additionally benefiting from share gains and strong successful new product introduction. Sequentially, sales were down 1%, better than the typical seasonal decline. Operating income of $128 million was up 33%, and operating margin was up 280 basis points to 19.3%, as leverage from higher volumes was expanded with strong cost performance. We remain on track and are delivering on our business restructuring and cost reduction programs. Sequential operating income was up 19%, and margins improved 200 basis points even compared to a strong Q3. As I mentioned, the team delivered significant profit improvement and the best operating margins in over 8 years. Innovation-driven growth, pricing, manufacturing productivity, cost improvements and share gains all contributed to the strong performance and allowed us to gain leverage from the improving market conditions. As a reminder, our Q1 results will be for the Materials Technologies segment, which will not include our electronics on-site business. We're excited about the new and more focused Materials Technologies segment, and the team is looking forward to driving further improvements. Now I'll turn the call back over to Seifi.
Guillermo Novo: I think there are several dimensions that are driving the improvement. First, if you remember last year, we said we were going to drive a significant improvement program in our Performance Materials business, which was one of the underperforming segments. And we have been delivering exactly on that, reducing our costs, improving plant productivity, shifting a lot of our production capabilities to Asia, where we are in a more competitive position. So all those activities that we had planned have been delivered, and that has been a big driver to our overall improvement, so that cost productivity is a big driver. In doing that, as the market has improved and capacity utilizations have improved, we've also been able to take advantage of our competitive position to gain share and improve our pricing position in that area. So that's for the process material side. In the advanced materials, although we started a little bit slower in the first part of the year because of just delays from the industry and the [indiscernible]. Towards back end of the year, we are starting to see that movement, and that's -- a lot of our advanced materials are newer products that come at a higher margin and improve our mix. And lastly, I would say it's in the Delivery Systems. We've also taken productivity initiatives to improve our overall competitiveness in that segment. And we've been able to pick up some additional business during the year, which also helped our loading. So as I said in my comments, there's a lot -- a lot of things have happened, not one single thing that drove our overall improvement.
Guillermo Novo: No, I think I said we're very, very happy with the overall performance. I think one of the questions was around the tonnage part of the business. You'll see those numbers as we roll them out, but it is part of the investor presentation we've made in the past. We break it out. I think roughly you can calculate around $350 million would be the Tonnage Gases portion of the business.
Seifollah Ghasemi: That's an excellent question, P.J. When I looked at Air Products' costs during the past 15, 20 years, quite honestly, and the prices that we are getting for the outstanding products that we produce, prices have not kept up with the increase in our costs. I mean, we obviously have to pay our people more. The cost of raw materials go up. We have not recovered our cost increases. And therefore, I think it is imperative for us to push the pricing so that we can at least recover the cost. We are not asking people -- we are very focused on improving productivity and all of that to keep our costs under control. But historically, Air Products has not recovered its cost increases as a result of price. Therefore, we are very much focused on that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: P.J., I'd like to answer that because Corning was not around when that acquisition was made. He was not responsible for that business at all. He had nothing to do with it. The reason that we are where we are is that when you look at Indura's performance, Indura's performance hasn't really changed that much during the years. What had happened is that at the time of the acquisition, the expectations that was put out to justify the purchase price and the goodwill, those assumptions were wrong. There were assumptions for significant growth in Latin America that has not materialized. There was assumptions for synergies that have not materialized. That is the reason that we have to take the write-off. The write-off is not something that we came in and said, "Oh, we have to take a write-off." As you know, in accordance with good accounting practices, every quarter we look at all of our assets and see if they are impaired. And when we looked at all of our assets, the good news is that nothing else was impaired. But then you look at Indura, it was impaired. We had paid too much for the business, and we have to take about half of their goodwill out. So that -- I hope that clarifies the situation, P.J.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Very good. Jeff, I'll try to answer this thing in a general way, and then I'll turn it over to Scott -- to Simon to give you more details. First of all, if I may answer your second question first, the delay in the China project is actually, right now, 2 of the projects. I don't want to name them, but it is basically 2 of the projects are about -- delayed about 2 quarters from what we expected. And the projects are -- it is not as if the projects are not viable. It is just that when you are building a $10 billion facility, which we are part of it, there is delays in the start-up and all of that. We do not expect this to be a major issue for us. We do not expect to be taking any write-offs, and we have taken these delays fully into consideration when we gave you our guidance. So it's not as if next quarter, we are going to say, "Well, we have to adjust our guidance because the projects are delayed." We know where they are and we have taken that into consideration. In the long term, we don't see any problems there. With respect to their volumes for our existing businesses, their shortfall in volume is mainly in Europe, and I'll have Simon comment on that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, what we did in the cost reduction is obviously we reduced our staff and the number two is that we controlled travel costs. We controlled all the consulting costs. We controlled all of the -- as you know, it's not one item that you do, it's 10,000 things that you have to do. But I challenged the organization in July when we started, and they have responded. Everybody watches everything that we do. We don't make unnecessary trips. We don't have fancy conferences in fancy resorts. And obviously, there has been people reduction in terms -- in our different businesses. I'd like to have Scott make some additional comments.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, thanks for the question. But we have decided not to really get into the details of how many cents from new plants and how many cents from this and that. We consider that to be a little bit of a getting into too much detail. And in addition to that, if something is delayed in terms of new plants, we do something else to make up for that. So we are not going to really go through that kind of a detail. But in general, I would say that we expect that our EBITDA margins to continue to improve. We are -- as you know, our goal is to get to an EBITDA margin of 32%, 33%. This quarter, we were at around 28%. Next year we will probably be around that and then hopefully, improve every quarter.
Seifollah Ghasemi: We are not going to take a onetime one large charge. But I should think that you should expect that during the year, as -- we are going to take the charges as incurred as we do the restructuring. Whatever they charges us, we'll report you. But I expect that if you add up all of those numbers for fiscal year 2015, that would come out to a substantial number if you are going to achieve and do what we have suggested that we are going to do.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, David, if you don't mind, as I said, we have taken that into consideration when we gave you the forecast. But I don't want to quote a specific number, if you don't mind.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Actual growth rate? Well, it obviously depends on the worldwide economy. But we believe that Air Products has the capacity and we should grow at least at 1.5x GDP worldwide. That would be a natural growth rate.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, we expect that out of those $600 million, if we are going to achieve our goal, I think we have said, Duffy, that about half of that will be from SG&A and overhead costs. And the other half will come from fundamentally the runoff facilities and efficiency and distribution, power consumption and all of the other things that we do. So that's the overall breakdown. In terms of breaking it down by years, we'll see how fast we can run. In our forecast that we have given you for next year, obviously, we are assuming that we will have some of that cost saving under our belt. But I don't want to give you a very specific number, but that's the order of magnitude of the numbers, Duffy.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, Jim, my friend, nothing is low-hanging fruit. It doesn't come out easily. But I have to give a lot of credit to the organization for responding to the challenge, and we are controlling every aspect of our cost. And as I said, it's not 1 or 2 items. It's not one magic wand. It's 10,000 different things that people do every day in running our business. So -- and none of that is easy, but -- and it is painful. But the organization has decided that we want to go back to where we were 20 years ago, be the best performing industrial gas company in the world, and they are moving toward that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: That's an excellent question, Don. First of all, in terms of volumes, you know the economic situation in the world better than I do. We are not counting on getting any significant help from economic growth. So we are not counting that our top line will grow a lot, maybe 2% or maybe even less. What we are counting on is on our ability to focus on the things that we control, which is basically our cost and productivity. And obviously, we are also counting on pricing to make sure that we get the right prices for our products. That's the direction that we are going. In terms of currency, now I'd just like to give you a general number. I know everybody is concerned about the euro and all of that. Our exposure in Europe -- no, maybe we should give you some numbers to frame this thing in a better way that our total exposure to Europe is about 26% of our Air Products sales. But 30% of that European exposure is primarily our pipeline network in Rotterdam. So really, only 18% of Air Products sales are exposed to the economy within Europe. But that includes a little bit of our Performance Materials business. But the significant majority of the 18% is our Merchant business. And of that, 25% of that is in U.K. and Ireland. So we don't really have too much exposure to the U.S. currency today, general economic conditions in Europe. In terms of currency, the biggest swing can come from the -- from euro. And on that one, order of magnitude, 10% change in the value of euro, a 10% change will affect our EPS by about $0.07 or $0.08. So that's the kind of thing that we have done. With respect to pension and so on, I'd like Scott to comment on that.
Seifollah Ghasemi: I don't think we need to shut down some plants. So the density thing can only be improved significantly if we do any kind of swaps with other people. On that one, there are plenty of ideas around, but the issue is fundamentally, what would the authorities approve? I mean, with these things it's always easy to talk about it. But in the real world, there are restrictions from an antitrust point of view about market concentration, about what we can and what we cannot do. We are not counting on that as a significant factor for improving our results. We are open to suggestions. We are open to discussions. But quite honestly, we haven't built anything like that into our forecast.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Look, Kevin, the main reason that you come up with $0.24 is because we had an excellent fourth quarter.
Seifollah Ghasemi: You know what I mean? If we had delivered $1.55 and then we said for next quarter, we do $1.50, then you would say it's only $0.05. So there's a little bit of an element of that, but we take very seriously when we talk about giving you guidance. And therefore, we didn't want to get ahead of our headlights for the first quarter. Can we do better? We'll -- obviously, we'll try to do that. But we just want to be cautious that we kind of deliver what we promise, and then so that we don't surprise people.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, I see potential, but whether they are actionable, quite honestly, is a challenge. I'm not expecting any kind of a significant happening there, no.
Seifollah Ghasemi: David, our fourth quarter results are "very clean." There wasn't any kind of a special thing that we moved forward or anything like that. That we feel we have the clean numbers. And if that implies that we are being conservative about the first quarter, maybe there is some element of truth in that. But I would like to have Scott comment on this a little bit more in detail.
Seifollah Ghasemi: Well, thank you very much. And I would like to just, at this time, thank everybody who was on the call. We very much appreciate your very good questions. We look forward to getting a chance to talk to many of you over the next few months. And I would like to remind everybody that we are planning our 2015 Investor Conference. It will be held in New York and it will be late March or early April as soon as we have finalized the venue for that. We will share more details as we go forward, and we always look forward to seeing all of you. And again, thanks for the very good questions. We appreciate them.
M. Scott Crocco: Sure. So we're focused, as you heard from us in the past and Seifi this morning, on costs and you saw that in the SG&A line. Going forward, where are we going to be next year? We have to continue to drive it down, both on an absolute basis as well as on a percentage-of-sales basis. So I'm not giving guidance in the future for SG&A, but that's going to be a particular area of focus. We delivered results in the fourth quarter and we expect to continue to do so going forward.
M. Scott Crocco: Sure. Thank you, Seifi. So just to build -- just to remind folks, we took a provision last year, and we concluded the savings associated with that provision here in the fourth quarter, $45 million or so for this year with an annual rate of about 75. So we'll see that going into next year. That's been brought to closure. And then also we've taken actions in this quarter under the new organization. And you saw, we've had a provision of about $13 million in this quarter reflective of additional actions that we're going to take, that we have taken and that we're going to continue to take going forward. So just wanted to frame and remind folks that there was the conclusion of the previous efforts and now the beginning of the efforts going forward under the new organization.
M. Scott Crocco: Yes. So in that instantaneous this quarter, very little impact that you see in there. I think going forward and if I just pull it back, broadly speaking, post the write-down of the LASA reporting unit, call it 20 basis points improvement from the change in the denominator. So that's about the ballpark.
M. Scott Crocco: As part of a write-down, then the denominator gets lower. And it's about a 20 basis point impact for ROCE going forward, roughly.
M. Scott Crocco: Right. So from an instantaneous perspective, we'd expect it to come down a little bit given the first quarter and the traditional seasonality that we see in the business. But in general -- generally speaking, improvement going forward as we load the assets that we have and bring the projects that are in backlog, and importantly, drive the earnings improvement from the productivity efforts that we have. So we'd expect that to improve going forward as well as all the other metrics that we've talked about, cash flow and so forth.
M. Scott Crocco: Right. I would expect, while it's not final, Don, call it roughly even FY '15 versus '14, not a big movement in pension expense.
M. Scott Crocco: Just I think, as mentioned earlier, when you look at it versus a year-on-year, I think that's the better reference, right? So in any time, any quarter, whether it's sale of equipment and different ins and outs and so forth and seasonality, there's going to be movement. But I think the best way to look at it is how did we do last year? How does that compare to what our guidance is for the first quarter? And again, focusing on the actions that we can control to continue to deliver cost reductions and productivity to the bottom line.
