Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you very much, Scott. I’m very pleased to say that our teams have done an exceptional job proactively responding to the current crisis. All three regions delivered strong pricing results and higher EBITDA margins this quarter. In addition, our costs are under control and we also brought new projects from the stream and acquired assets which have added to our results. Now please turn to Slide number 19. Our Asia results. Our volumes in the third quarter were down mainly due to some negative impacts from COVID-19 and planned maintenance shutdown in two of our large facilities in China. Our team in Asia has a stayed totally focused and discipline on pricing, like the rest of regions. Our merchant pricing and decision was up 4% in the quarter versus prior year. I would like to emphasize that this is the 13th consecutive quarter of year-on-year price improvement in this region. Our EBITDA for the region was down 2% versus prior year primary due to unfavorable trends. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 50% was up 100 basis points over prior year driven by pricing and favorable costs. Now I would like to turn the call back to Scott to discuss America's results.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you, Simon. I do not need to tell any of you about the current crisis and the significant impact on the world and global economy. We see and read about it every day. The COVID-19 recovery is very mixed around the world with some areas back to normal activity, some slowly recovering and some unfortunately, change significant communities spread and having to implement or reinstate restrictions. We are clearly living in uncertain times and that makes it very difficult to make any reasonable projections for the future. Therefore, we are not providing any guidance for our fourth quarter performance. But I can and tell you about what we are seeing so far, in the month of July. As of today, the July 24th, 52% of our sales that is our onsite business is doing well and we expect this to continue. In Asia, our merchant volumes are at similar level as we saw in October in quarter three. In Europe, our merchant volumes have been improving and are now down about 10% so far in July versus last year. In the Americas, where we see the greatest uncertainty on the future economic recovery our merchant volumes are down about 10% so far in July versus last year. As a reminder, we do not have package gadget business in the United States. However, we do expect higher maintenance costs in the fourth quarter as a number of planned outages by our customers have delayed from quarter three. I would also like to add that our goal - we aren’t concerned about the short-term effects of COVID-19 and its impact on the world economy. We do not see any slowdown on the demand for our growth opportunities, the mega projects around the world, hydrogen for mobility, gasification, carving capture on all of that. Therefore, I continue to remain very optimistic about prospects for future growth for Air Products. Now please turn to the Slide number 24. Now, more than ever, our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. Our business model and strong financial position will allow us to continue to execute our strategy to create long-term shareholder value. A top priority is the ongoing growth of our dividend also. We are committed to increasing our dividends as we go forward. The projects in our backlog continue as expected and we continue to win significant projects to create long-term shareholder value. Most importantly, we will continue to protect our people's health and safety and take care of their welfare and their families. Let me end today by thanking 17,000 employees around the world for their dedication and commitment. The work will have drive us forward. We are proud to play a critical role and make a difference to the world during this challenging time and into the future. That is our higher surface at Air Products. All of us at Air Products, we all stand together to make their difference. Now, we are pleased to answer your questions.
Seifi Ghasemi: Good morning Vincent. No, it is just the fact that it is a lower margin than the other parts of the world. I would like to ask, Scott, do you have any additional comments on that but -.
Seifi Ghasemi: No, I think those opportunities are still there Vincent. It is just that some of them take a long time for it to happen, but we don't see any slowdown on those. And some of those de-captivations are fundamental strategic decisions by some of our customers of divestment of their non-core business. It is not so much driven by COVID or cash flow issues. I mean, Saudi Aramco doesn't have any cash flow issue, but they do want to get rid of some of their non-core assets or other companies. So we continue to look at those and if anything happens, obviously we would tell you.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well thanks for the kind of comment. I will take it as a positive comment. We have always said that, if you do the math and take the projects that we have announced, calculate the EBITDA for them and then obviously our capacity goes up and so on, you can come up with the fact that if other can invest $30 billion in total. So we are just going to continue doing what we are doing and as I promised you last time, next summer, we will give you another five year plan in terms of what we are going to do for another five year period, now that we have to achieved our goal. But the opportunities are there, they are very significant and we are not running out of capacity and so on. The math that Scott is doing is very appropriate but he is only allowed to use our current last 12 months EBITDA. And I'm sure you have done the math, a lot of the investors have done the math and they will say, you are going spend $30 billion. And I said, yes it is possible. So we continue to be very optimistic. Thank you.
Seifi Ghasemi: You are very familiar with the impact it had when the number went down, so you can just reverse that. And you also need to realize that more than 60% of our business almost 70% of our business is outside the United States. And therefore you know the tax rate in the U.S. does affect our results, but it is not as significant as you see that 100% of our business in the U.S. But you have a very clear reference point. I mean, when it was reduced, you saw how much it benefited us. We were very open about that so.
Seifi Ghasemi: Good morning, Kevin. First of all, that is a comment which we made about Americas. In the U.S. there is some plant. As you know, our maintenance shutdowns are determined by customers. We can't take our plant down in the state. Some of the customers decided that they were going to do that in the U.S. in the fiscal year third quarter. Now they have decided to do it next quarter. So that comment is related to Americas only. And the effect of that is some - they are always very transparent. We do that, but it is not a material effect.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you for your questions. Number one, technically it is feasible, but with respect to us these are very, very clear when we announced the project that we are not in the business of selling ammonia, we are selling carbon free hydrogen. So that it is technically feasible or not, those are not the applications that we are looking at, because we don't think they are as highly value added as others and for mobility. Ammonia for us is just a transport medium to take the hydrogen gas from Saudi Arabia and convert it to something that can be transported. So we are in the business of selling hydrogen, not ammonia whether it is green or blue or anything like that. That is not our business.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well, first of all, we are not getting into the methanol business as you know very well. The only thing that we have added to our scope is building the plans and operating the plan. The product is going to be sold by other people and the variations on that is the responsibility or other people. In terms of the unit operation of methanol, obviously people are running methanol plants all over the world. But we did realize that we did not have that experience directly. And that is why we made the strategic alignment with how they are top so, who is the leader in production of ammonia and methanol and all of that. And therefore, we are using their technology and their help in enabling us to that part of unit operations without any risk.
Seifi Ghasemi: P.J., you are asking an excellent question, but it is very much - I don't want to oversimplify it, but it is like when people go buy a car. Some people like to buy Rolls Royce and some people like to buy Bentley and some people like to buy Toyota Camry. Therefore, we are there to serve the market. Some people are going to going to say I don't care about CO2 emissions. I just want a hydrogen, because I'm worried about pollution in my own specific city, therefore give me hydrogen and I don't care how it is made. And some people might say, no, I want blue hydrogen and some people say no, I want carbon free hydrogen. Therefore, we are the largest producer of hydrogen in the world and therefore we feel obligated to have all three options available and sell it to the market. As I said, it is just right. Not everybody wants the same thing and therefore as a result of that, we don't want to kind of walk away from business by saying no we only sell carbon free hydrogen, why not the other things. We are selling hydrogen right now gray hydrogen in California for mobility, and it is very profitable. Why shouldn't you continue doing that if the customers demand that. So that is our philosophy to be able to sell a spectrum of customers. Little bit like - yes you know what I mean.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well the thing is that next week, you know that we have our costs under control, so we are not going to have any issues with costs. Then our onsite business is going well and it will continue going well, then it all becomes the issue of midterm volumes. You know that we are committed to pricing, that is a principle that I have been talking about in every call. We are committed to that and you see that we are delivering 4% price increases during the time that the world is basically shutdown. So, we are committed to that. And the only thing that is where is the volumes and merchant volumes and the merchant volumes as we have always said is directly related to industrial production activity in different regions. So right now, China is almost back to normal. So next year, actually our team will be better than this year, because they are talking about now China growing about 8%, I had a conversation with a very high level person last night that was predicting about 8% growth in China. So I think that would be there. And then you need to kind of figure out, how would Europe come out of this thing? And how would the Americas come out of this? So we are very much at the mercy of that. I mean, if you want to have a rosy picture that there will be a vaccine and everything will be back to normal, which I hope is the case, then we will be doing great next year. Plus the fact that and in addition to that, in terms of growth of our EPS. Please don't forget that if we are able to close to Jazan, which we announced the fact that we are in the market for the financing sometime in October. Then that would give us a significant boost in terms of EPS in 2021. Okay.
Seifi Ghasemi: I don't know where it will go, because it is just like a little bit the last time we had our results. It was a question of where Americas seems to be on demand, but now we have been the other way. But I don't want to predict that, but honestly right now, I don't see any reason why it should get worse. But who knows? I can't predict that.
Seifi Ghasemi: The thing that turned out differently, you are asking an excellent question. Number one, the hydrogen for mobility change sooner than I thought. I thought the hydrogen for mobility will be more like 2023, 2024, but fortunately we have been able to put that project together and announced it. Then the other thing is that so called asset buyback ended up to be bigger than we thought. Because, at the time we announced it, I didn’t expect us to do a $12 billion asset buyback from Saudi Aramco the Jazan project. So those are the two main things that was a little bit different than what we thought, which has allowed us to be two and a half years ahead of schedule.
Seifi Ghasemi: First of all, in terms of long lead items we are already talking to people. And secondly, in terms of what needs to happen in Saudi Arabia, they just need to give us a piece of land. That is it. We are going to be self-sufficient there, we are going to build everything. We are going to build the power plant, we are going to build larger inside emission plant, we are going to build the roads, we are going to build the port and the whole thing. So we are not dependent on anything specific happening there.
Seifi Ghasemi: Jeff, you are asking me, first of all so far reserve review. Secondly, you are asking me a question that gets me into confidentiality and all of that with our partners. You obviously do not need four megawatts of power to produce 650 tons a day of spend outage. That is very easy to calculate, you know that every kilogram of hydrogen requires approximately 60 kilowatts that can be calculated and then we save 75%. And that means, you need to multiply by about two just to make sure that you have enough power to run your facilities and then it is not difficult to calculate how much power as you needs or the ammonia plan needs. So, you obviously you do not need the four megawatts. Therefore, that our other plans for the excess that I cannot talk about.
Seifi Ghasemi: As of right now, Scott, you are sitting on $6 billion of cash, not a little bit more than that. And we do generate a lot of cash even after paying dividends and you saw these slides. So we have plenty of cash to do all of the projects we have talked about. And still continue to pay dividends and increase the dividend.
Seifi Ghasemi: No, no, no, no. There is plenty of room, because we can always go and issue additional bonds. We have plenty of room, the company right now, our net debt is about this 0.5 EBITDA. So we have a lot of room. I think that is a very important point there to make that we are not constraint for additional growth and you should expect us to continue to announce mega projects as we go forward. We are not just slowing down.
Seifi Ghasemi: The thing is that what makes us unique is the fact that we have come up with the practical solution that we can actually execute. I mean, people are talking about a lot of different theories, but we have come up with a way of taking green hydrogen and actually converting it to something that can be transported and delivered to a different station in whether it is in Frankfurt or Tokyo or Shanghai. I mean, that is the innovation and based on the fact that hydrogen refueling stations are self sufficient. That means we are not going to require power from the grid which is not clean power. And we are not going to require power from the grid around the compressors, because those compressors use a lot of power. In order to put hydrogen into a truck, you need to raise the pressure to about 10,000 pounds per square inch that because a lot of compression, so if somebody says I'm going to connect to the grid, first of all that requires a lot of voltage and a lot of electricity. And secondly, that grid - how is the power produced from that grid. So what we have come up with is a unique thing that we just don't touch anything related to carbon, produce the hydrogen and put it in somebody's truck. Some people put another value on that. As I said before, answer to another question, some people might say, no, I don't care how you make the hydrogen. I just want you to make it somewhere else. And then I want to convert the buses in my city to hydrogen because then there is no pollution in my city, but the fact that the word is getting warmer that is somebody else's problem. But the uniqueness of the new project is that we have come up with something practical that four years from now you can actually deliver hydrogen, carbon free to a truck wherever it is. It is not the theory, it is a practical way of doing.
Seifi Ghasemi: We are very, very enthusiastic about carbon capture. We have a lot of projects in development. And when the time comes, we will announce them. We are very excited about that, because that is another significant solution. Because if you can capture carbon and kind of create, you can create blue editing. You can capture carbon, you can make blue methanol, you can make it blue urea. I mean carbon capture is a very, very essential part of everything. Because no matter how many NEOMs we do. The world has 1.4 billion cars running around. So carbon capture and hydrocarbons are still going to be used. And if you can find a way of capturing of CO2, that can be a huge business. We have always said that. And we continue to work on that and develop the project for that. And I think in the next two or three years, you will hear about us coming out with real commercial proposals on that.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well Jazan when it comes on it is going - I mean if we close it closed and then we get our VFC. And we have given you some guidance, you know how much capital we are employing, you know the kind of rule of thumb of $0.10 of operating income per dollar of investments? And then you can calculate what the effect will be.
Seifi Ghasemi: Well the thing is, I don't want to make any comments about what our competitors are doing. I mean they should answer that about what is the difference between an MoU and a signed contracts and what is aspirational projects and real projects. But that is up to them. I don't have any comments about that. But in terms of our prospects, in China we are working on many, many, many, many opportunities in terms of supplying hydrogen. We are building hydrogen fueling stations there. Most of them are so called the gray hydrogen. But that is what they want. In China they are not yet too enthusiastic about green hydrogen. They seem to be happy. They are more focused on carbon capture and so called blue hydrogen. But we are there we are working. And as I said, he want to supply the whole spectrum. We actually have a lot of activity in terms of hydrogen fueling stations in China. I think if you are counting we probably are working on 120 projects. But anytime we do something we don't put out the placements.
Seifi Ghasemi: Absolutely. We wouldn't have ended the conference call until we got a question from you. I'm sure, it is a difficult one, but I'm getting myself ready for it.
Seifi Ghasemi: Bob excellent question. The thing is that, in order to make you bring about a project like NEOM. What you need number one, you need to have a willing partner, who is going to give you access to a location, which has the sun and the [rind] (Ph). That means you need to have access to the government. You need to convince the government. This is not something that you go there and you buy a piece of property and try to do something like that, you need vast quantities of area and you are going to be doing things in very sensitive areas and all that. So that is the first in part and with NEOM I think we were able to do with that, it is very difficult to come up with any state, our faces in the board that might have those kind of capabilities. You need to have a relationship and be able to convince the government to support that is first. The second thing is obviously, the idea of how to do this thing. Now that you have announced it, I guess everybody says, I knew all about it yes we can convert it to ammonia, but I think that was but sold in NEOM project, because we demonstrated to the Saudi Arabian government, which is really NEOM, look we are talking about a practical problem, we are not just talking about okay if you make hydrogen gas and then you are daydreaming about the fact that someday somebody will build a ship to liquefy it and take it to the market, because there is real solution there and then the project. Then the third thing is that we have tied up with the largest and most credible producer of electrolyzers. There is no other company in the world right now. That can match the capacity of this in growth in making this stuff. As you know, we have an exclusive arrangement with them. So that is the second thing. And then the third thing is obviously, the fact that we have been doing hydrogen curing and we have more than 50 patents with respect to actually hydrogen fueling stations and how you put yourself in somebody’s trunk at 10,000 PSI. And therefore, those are the competitive advantages that we have. But the most important thing is being the first starter and that is what we have done. So, it is a little bit by gasification, because right now, any country, believe me, any country or anybody anywhere in the world, and I have examples of this, anybody in the world who is thinking about gasification whether it is a country, whether it is a company, whether it is a chemical giant or a refinery giant, they think the phone and call their products. And that gives you a significant advantage. And we hope to be the same thing with respect to, and over there we have this- extremely took ultimately the same thing get hydration for mobility. And don't underestimate a lot of other people wanted to do NEOM, [indiscernible] the only one.
Seifi Ghasemi: I think this is public information, the people who have this technology - has been doing this thing for 60 years they have been doing it for making chlorine and all of that. So their technology is very known and their manufacturing capacity is very well. Obviously [Ziemens] (Ph) is talking about their chem. technology. We did look at that and we decided that just was as a bigger option for us at this stage. Now with that chem. technology developing something later on it might or might not? The other people are small operation research professionals doing things. There is nobody there which is quite honestly credit.
Seifi Ghasemi: Pricing my friend, focus on pricing. We are not focused on volumes, we are focused on prices and if we lose market share, we lose market share. That is the philosophy that we announced about two and a half years ago, you know, very well. And we said that look the time has come for us to increase prices on our products, because we haven't increased prices for 10-years. Our costs are going up, we are spending a lot of money on development. Our costs of driving the trucks, our drivers cost more, our operators costs more and all of that. And therefore we have been very focused on pricing. And that is what is driving this thing. And you can see the pricing. I mean, when you look at the history of the industrial gas businesses in the last 10-years, there aren't that many places. But even under normal times, people got 4% price increases every quarter.
Seifi Ghasemi: I didn’t take that question because I don't think Scott will answer that question because we don't want to disclose that. But Mike, you can calculate that. We told you it is $530 million. And we keep saying that the minimum thing is $0.10 for every dollar of capital. So you can calculate that very easily. And, our tax rate is about 20%. So you can come to the conclusion and then figure it out that it was in the corner for about a month and a half. And you come up with a number. But we don't want to go through the details of that, because we do not want to exactly talks about the possibility of that project.
Seifi Ghasemi: On that one, you can make a good guess my friends. But we cannot go there. Sorry about that. Give us a break at least once in a while. Okay.
Seifi Ghasemi: We are going to do better than $0.10. you are right, the next phase is going to be more profitable. Yes, thank you.
Seifi Ghasemi: Hi John, you are asking very, very good question. Can I just make a comment? Not everything is going to come on just during 2023, 2024. We are going to have a lot coming on the stream in 2021, like we close Jazan then in 2022, we have to Jiutai and several other projects that come on stream. So this is going to be a continuous growth. So we don't have a decode some. The other thing about the EBITDA and the joint ventures, obviously it depends and you don't have too many joint ventures, but the joint ventures that we have some of them we can consolidate, some of them we cannot consolidate. And the issue that becomes a very complex calculation and all that. But I don't think, you want to take too much of a haircut on the EBITDA, because we will get most of it.
Seifi Ghasemi: Thank you. So, in closing, I would like to thank everybody for being on our call. Thanks for listening to our presentation. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. As I said earlier, please stay safe and healthy. I'm looking forward to talking to you in three months. All the best. Thank you.
Scott Crocco: Thank you, Seifi. Please turn to Slide 20 for a review of our America's results. America's strong pricing trend continued up 2% versus last year. This is the 8th consecutive quarter of year-on-year improvement. Price was better across most major product lines. Sequentially, price was up but rounded to zero. COVID-19 negatively impacted sales by approximately 8%, while lower energy pass through and unfavorable currency reduced sales by another 6% and 2% respectively. Overall volumes were down 5% as the effect of COVID-19 which reduced merchant volumes by 50% was partially offset by other growth, including the PBF of hydrogen plant asset acquisition. As expected, the onsite business, which accounts for about two thirds of the region's sales remain stable. The merchant volumes in June did show some modest improvement. EBITDA of $411 million was flat compared to last year as the impact of lower volumes was offset by better price, productivity and lower plant maintenance activities, some of which were delayed into the fourth quarter. EBITDA margin approached 50%, up 550 basis points with energy pass through contributing about half of this increase. Now, I would like to turn the call back over to Simon to discuss our other segments. Simon.
Scott Crocco: No, nothing more. We did have an outage of one facility, but there is nothing of systemic issues or anything like that, just as you mentioned, it is lower margin business overall.
Scott Crocco: Sure. Absolutely. Let me answer it both in terms of your merchant on the segment as well as what they refer to as so called merchant-on-merchant. So for the company, overall pricing up 2% and you know that is all merchants because there is not really any pricing in onsite business. So let me give you from a total company perspective 2%. And then Americas was 2%, Europe was 3% and Asia was 2%. That is the total price. Let me now put it to you on a merchant-on-merchant basis. The company was - it is roughly twice, both way versus. 4% merchant-on-merchant for the company, 5% for Americas, 4% for EMEA and 4% for Asia. Hopefully that answers your question.
