Dan D’Arrigo: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. Overall, net revenue for our wholly owned domestic resorts increased slightly which was driven by our non-luxury Strip resorts and our regional properties, while being offset by our luxury Strip resorts. In Las Vegas, we had a really strong January with REVPAR up double digits; February was in line with our expectations, low to mid single digits; but March was more challenging than we had anticipated. As you know, the entire city faced the tough comparison in March, given the large city wide that Jim mentioned earlier, was in town last year last year, and rotates every three years. Excluding that one week of Con/Agg on a year-over-year basis, our REVPAR would have been up 6% in the quarter. Our convention mix, for the quarter, improved year-over-year resulting in a record at just over 23% of total room nights. But with less city wide convention room-nights year-over-year, we weren’t able to hold occupancy as we anticipated and that impacted all of our business segments. Looking at the second quarter, our convention business continues to build and we are expecting a slight improvement year-over-year in convention room-nights. We expect REVPAR growth of at least 5% in the second quarter, driven by growth at corporate meetings and convention business, a strong event calendar and the trends we are seeing thus far. Our regional properties, as Jim pointed out, had a great quarter as our best in class resorts continue to drive revenues via incremental expanded visitations supported by the strengthening domestic consumer. [Indiscernible] had its best first quarter EBITDA since 2007 and our wholly-owned U.S. regional property EBITDA grew 10% year-over-year. Geographic diversity has been a key strategy for MGM Resorts and our success in the region only supports our expectations for return on investments in both Maryland and Massachusetts. CityCenter’s resort operations in terms of its EBITDA decreased by 14% year-over-year due to lower table games hold and volumes at Aria while Crystals and Vdara had at least record results. Aria’s reported EBITDA of $61 million was a decrease of $14 million year-over-year, primarily due to 250-basis-point decrease in table games hold and lower volumes as a result of some of the impacts we’re seeing at a Mainland sourced Chinese front end business. Aria’s hotel business continues to improve with the record REVPAR of $219. They were able to achieve 4% REVPAR year-over-year driven by a 9% increase in convention room-nights and a 7% increase in ADR. Vdara had a record EBITDA during the quarter, driven by a 5% increase in REVPAR and Crystals’ also had its best EBITDA quarter ever with $12 million recorded during the quarter, a 6% increase year-over-year. As we announced on our last earnings call and as part of our global settlement related to the outstanding Perini and Harmon claims, CityCenter reported $116 million gain in the first quarter. As Jim mentioned, CityCenter paid its first dividend of $400 million on Friday and we received our 50% share or some $200 million. That dividend is one of many strengthening elements for our balance sheet as cash and cash equivalents at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.2 billion, of which roughly $469 million was in MGM China. We also had $1.1 billion in available liquidity under our corporate revolver and approximately $1.4 billion of excess cash on hand. On April 15th we successfully converted our $1.5 billion convertible notes into a net 71.7 million shares of MGM common stock. This conversion was a significant event for our company as we improved our domestic leverage by approximately one turn and improved our free cash flow by eliminating almost $62 million in annual interest expense. The conversion reinforces our improving balance sheet story as we continue to position the company for future growth. At the end of March, MGM China had approximately $950 million of debt outstanding and $1.1 billion in availability under its revolver. CityCenter cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $524 million, total debt at the end of the quarter of approximately $1.5 billion and we’d like to point out that this does not account for the $400 million special dividend that was paid out last week. During the first quarter, we invested approximately $92 million in capital related to our domestic operations. We also invested approximately $54 million in National Harbor and MGM Springfield during the quarter. In addition, we invested approximately $19 million as part of our arena equity contributions. There in the first quarter, MGM China spent approximately $14 million at MGM Macau and $132 million on our Cotai development. With that I’ll turn it over to Grant for his MGM China report.
Dan D’Arrigo: Felicia, I am going to jump in first and then turn it over to Corey. I think when we look at our overall cost structure, it’s pretty much in line with where we expected, our costs were up about 2% in the quarter, our FTEs were flat year-over-year. So, we feel good about how we’re managing our costs and there is always room for improvement that maybe Corey can touch on as well, but that’s part of our normal process. I think as we look at follow-through, again we look at it from and I know we said this in a past, a longer perspective. And we continue to look at the longer opportunity from a margin perspective and continue to look at flow-through for longer period of time because quarter-by-quarter we’re going to get these ups and downs and that happens from time-to-time.
Dan D’Arrigo: Hey Carlo, this is Dan. I think you’re fairly accurate in terms of kind of where the REVPAR the -- the overall net revenue growth would need to be to kind of get to -- get in and around that 50% level with a plus or minus 2% kind of increase on the cost side. I think when you look at the REVPAR characteristics going forward, we always knew that the first quarter was going to be our most challenging quarter and that the comparisons for the rest of the year were going to be stronger because of Con/Agg. And I think as you look at April and May and the second quarter being the driving months, June actually shapes up pretty well for us, given our group business that’s on the books but it’s typically the -- and normally the weaker of the three months in the quarter, in terms of that flow.
Dan D’Arrigo: Remember, the city as a whole is about a 60 to 70 day -- inside 70 day kind of booking window, so in terms of the visibility. And so you start getting into August and September and we’ve got good visibility in terms of our group bookings. We feel good about how the leisure’s shaping up. There is a little bit of softness in some of that international leisure travel but we think we can fill it up with some of the domestic business that we’re seeing and some of the airlift that we’re going to see in the summer months that Corey mentioned earlier as well.
Dan D’Arrigo: Thomas, this is Dan. That’s definitely a fair and accurate statement as folks delayed some trips to come in for this weekend’s fight for sure. And they came.
Dan D’Arrigo: As you know Shaun, the board there has approved up to 35% of income annual dividend that’s paid semiannual. So that will continue to be reviewed and looked at by the board. As a matter of act will be taking to the annual general meeting here in May in a couple of weeks the final 2014 dividend declaration and that board will continue to assess that piece. As far as special dividends, I think that will be something that that board will continue to look at, based on not only market and individual performance but based on overall needs as we continue to ramp up, obviously in Cotai and continue to invest in MGM Macau. So, that piece will continue to be assessed on a go forward basis case-by-case.
Grant Bowie: Thanks Dan, good morning, good evening. Again in first quarter, MGM China performed relatively better than the challenged market with net revenue down by 33% year-over-year, while the market itself was down some 37%. Controlling cost and margin, a high on our priority list and we’ve strategically put in place numerous initiatives and restructuring our cost base and also obviously managing cost specifically. But we still remain committed to offering the high quality experience that our customers have come to associate with our property here in Macau. Despite these challenges, MGM China was able to maintain its outsized market share of 10% during the quarter, a situation that we’ve been able to do consistently over the last three years. MGM China is all I think strong in our mass market and we continue to outperform. But our main floor table games revenue was declined by 14%. This is in comparison to the broader market decrease of 19%. We continue to compete with the focus on targeted marketing efforts and high quality offerings and best in class services and standards. Our mix shift towards the higher end margin main floor business continued in the quarter with 50% now of our revenues and approximately 80% of MGM China’s EBITDA contribution coming from the mass market. We continue to shift tables from VIP to the mass with additional 44 table units being moved to the main floor this year versus last, representing now approximately 55% of that table allocation. On the VIP side, VIP table games revenue decreased by 45% year-over-year, driven primarily by lower turnover which declined 51%, while hold increased slightly to 3.3% from 3% in the prior quarter. To echo, Jim’s earlier comments, we’re thrilled to see the progress we’re making in Cotai. And when I go out on the site these days, it’s tangible to see the changes that are taking place from visit to visit. And we remain on schedule to open in the fourth quarter of 2006. This timing remains contingent on our saving the necessary government approvals, including our future life of quarters. [Ph]Our objectives in bringing diversification to Macau is undeniable on the offerings we have planned MGM Cotai, and it is clear that our current high standards will carry through in the quality of the non-gaming amenities that we’ll offer at our second resort in the market. We look forward to our future of growth and more importantly, we want to grow our business with our team members, particularly our local talent. In fact, 26 of our local managers at MGM Macau just came back from Las Vegas after an intensive 10-day operational cross-training and immersion program, where we’ve been able to prepare them for the advancement in our organization as we mature and grow. Right now, more than 80% of the management team at MGM Macau are local employees and we’re committed to meet with our local young people as our business grows. With that, I’d like to turn back to Jim for his closing remarks. Thank you.
Grant Bowie: I think that’s what we are all working through, but I think if you look at each of the companies and I know from our perspective, we’re very focused on entertainment and building the entertainment base for ourselves and then on top of that we also add food and beverage and the retail concepts; others may be looking at other areas. Clearly in Cotai, we’re also looking at building out targeted mass business, particularly focused on the incentive component of that. So, I think the critical point for us is that I think all of us who have been in the tourism and leisure industry understand what the landscape looks like. I think what we’re doing is making sure that we pickup components that fit comfortably with our strategy and that work well with the type of product and the type of customers that we’re targeting. And from the work that we’re being doing today and as Jim indicated, we’re very comfortable in terms of being part of the creative process and tapping into that consumption growth of China.
Grant Bowie: I think the critical point is, is it’s actually -- the labor pool changes from one set of skills to another set of skills, such a different group of people. So, the numbers we’ve got, we’re tracking well. We’re very lucky we have a very strong contractor in China today and clearly that’s part of their key responsibility. But I think we’re conscious of the market conditions at the moment and we’re obviously doing everything we can to make sure that we design, develop, and execute this to make sure that we can get this done as quickly as we can.
Grant Bowie: There certainly will be. And as I said, we’re all very conscious of those needs and our contractor has been very proactive in trying to anticipate where their needs will be and trying to work through those processes. So, as best we possibly can and in support and cooperation with the Macau government, we will certainly get there.
Jim Murren: Thanks Grant. Just a few things and then we’ll turn it up to questions. And obviously, this weekend was tremendous and it was a very profitable event for MGM and the Strip; the city as a whole tremendously benefitted from this worldwide event. And I have to commend all the stakeholders in doing so, the first responders Metro; Fire Department, the County all collectively worked together to create an exciting and safe environment that only Las Vegas can deliver on. And I think it’s a testament to the collective energy of this town that we’re able to deliver uniquely in the world, deliver this type of entertainment. And the party continues, Rock in Rio is coming to the north end of the Strip on our new festival lot. Over the next couple of weekends, tens of thousands of more people will be here. People that love to watch Taylor Swift and Bruno Mars and Metallica and the list goes on, and then of course we have some major performers in our arenas Bette Midler and Eagles. It’s really a great line-up in the second quarter. Our convention business continues to show very strong demand. Our lead volumes were up 70%, over the first quarter of last year. And corporates are driving over 60% of the booked room-nights. And you know how important that is from an ADR a non-gaming spend perspective. The completed expansion in Mandalay based convention center will clearly help us capitalize even further on this strong corporate demand and that bodes very well for all of next year. This company operates on a core set of principles and values that have guided our business and have ultimately led to our success. Over the past five years, we have dramatically improved the balance sheet, as consolidated leverage is now approximately five times and our cost of borrowing has been cut in half. Our EBITDA margins have increased by 320 basis points in the wholly owned properties from 2010 to through 2014. And we have also one very competitive bids for key gaming markets that will drive future growth; of course, in Massachusetts and in Maryland. Our board and management has worked hard together and we will continue to deliver sustainable long-term value to our shareholders. And with that, I’d like to turn it over to Emily to move into the Q&A section of our call.
Jim Murren: And I would say on the flow-through, we still feel like the annual 50% is a good number to use. And we expect margins will be up this year as a company, as they have been over the last four years.
Jim Murren: A few things, so on the quarter, we’re talking about Bellagio’s margins were 29.5%, and that was better than their peer group; that was better than win in the Las Vegas stands in Las Vegas in the first quarter. We think that our flagship properties, our luxury properties had the ability even during a tough convention comp like in the first quarter to drive revenue. And we expect those margins to improve as well. So, I would look at the Strip, maybe three categories of properties we have, the luxury properties; growing revenues; and margin because we’re getting better mix. And then particularly as it relates to Mandalay, a tremendous impact on mix given this large convention expansion which not only should help Mandalay, it should help Luxor and Excalibur, as you are driving business. But one is, the properties at the luxury end have been more isolated, less vulnerable to swings and citywide conventions. On the next group of properties, we call our core properties, those are the ones that really benefits from inherent demand in citywide convention business and have the ability to grow margin and EBITDA greater from their current base. And we feel that way because we see what happens when we do have a large convention in town or mega fight or something of those metrics; we just get huge snapbacks in revenue and profit at those core properties. And so looking at it as a portfolio, I think that we can grow everywhere but mostly the core properties can do, I think better as the convention business improves. I think that REVPAR in the first quarter for core was actually up, it was up 4% and that’s without Con/Agg obviously being here. So looking forward, I feel the power that we have and the opportunity is the operating leverage of 42,000 hotel rooms and using them as a collective portfolio, we can drive revenue in all of them but it’s clearly the core properties are more dependent on the city-wides than the luxuries are.
Jim Murren: So, we’ve been booking in the year for the year pretty effectively here. So, I would say that the third quarter’s looking pretty solid for me relative to, seasonally relative to where we were even last year.
Jim Murren: I got one little fun fact. So, I asked aviation to look at this, I sent Sarah a picture of this. So, the most planes we ever had at Atlantic Aviation was 350 planes, that was during the Super Bowl weekend. This past weekend, there were over 500 planes. And Sarah can send around the picture. I cannot believe how they shoe horned these planes. And by the way by 10 o’clock yesterday morning, they stopped receiving planes in Las Vegas and they were diverting planes to North Las Vegas, an airport I’ve never been to, because the demand was so great. So there was a tremendous amount of play in here. I guess having planes is a good thing, because we certainly, we were flying all night, all day long and so were our competitors but we saw a lot of tails out there that we’ve never seen before and that was clearly a reflection of people coming in for the fight.
Jim Murren: Sure. I’ll tackle Crystals and then the REIT ideas. We had explored the potential sale of Crystals a couple of years ago. And we had high level of interest for the issue that potential buyers had at the time was what is the growth story and how does the Perini litigation impact potential ownership of Crystals, and what you are going to with that Harmon site, it’s about 2.2 acres once you resolve your issues with your contractor. We didn’t have any answers to those questions at that time. We were in middle of that litigation. We didn’t have a plan for Harmon what that site would be. And so we just got to a point where we didn’t feel as owners we were going to get paid for the potential growth opportunity of Crystals. And so fast forward to today, it was only last month that we settled with Perini. And almost immediately after that the CityCenter board started working on plans of what to do with that land which obviously could include expanding Crystals and making it a growth vehicle for a potential owner. We have a keen interest in finding the right buyer for Crystals. And we have been smart to wait because the NOI has been growing steadily at Crystals and the tenant mix is improving. And now the growth story is very much intact. And so, I would anticipate we along with our 50% owners of CityCenter will be viewing that as a very strong opportunity to monetize what is -- easily well over $1 billion asset to the owners. And so that’s where we stand with Crystals; it’s being actively discussed at the board level; and we hope to have something to report at some later date. As it relates to REIT, I’ll go back to ‘07 when we first started talking about that as a company. And then of course the recession hit. We were building CityCenter at the time and I guess we didn’t have a crystal ball to know that we were going to have the global recession and financial crisis that we had. But it was always part of the plan to find ways to monetize some of our real estate, certainly CityCenter was based in part on that when we developed condominiums that we expected and hoped to sell at a nice profit. Now here we are on the other side of that great recession. We have more opportunities than ever before. We are a very much a real estate rich company. About the only thing I did agree with in the land and buildings discussion is that we are undervalued and have undervalued real estate. Now, how to unlock that value is something that we along with a very strong group of investment bankers and our team here have been working on. And REITs could easily play a pivotal role, a central role in fact in how we unlock value, whether that is at our regional properties; whether it’s at our core properties; whether it’s at the company at large or elements of our portfolio. And it’s certainly attractive but also asset sales are attractive. As we have sold assets in the past, there is no reason why with rising cash flows and rising multiples the value of real estate here in Las Vegas has gone up as witnessed by REITs in trades even this year of two older casino properties that have been transacted at really nice values per acre. So, we are in a position of strength, a very different place than we were back in ‘08 and ‘09 when we were in a position of weakness. We will use our strength to the advantage of our shareholders in negotiating the best possible values for any of our assets. And I think we’re well advised legally from a tax perspective and from an investment banking perspective. And I think we have been well known as a company that’s active in either capital markets hitting windows when they’re open, transactions, joint ventures, asset sales and we are very busy right now I can say.
Jim Murren: Well, thank you all for joining us today. And as always, we’ll be around for any follow-up questions. We look forward to seeing you out here in Las Vegas, especially when our new arena opens; we’ll have a party then, sure and obviously at National Harbor and all the activities we have going on throughout the year. Please feel free to give us call at any time. Take care.
Corey Sanders: And Joe, this is Corey. What I would add is the March softness was really isolated to the first few weeks and in particular the Con/Agg week which was here last year. We could identify the weakness to those periods. And actually if you look at the past five years from an occupancy perspective, the first quarter is pretty much in line with where it normally is without Con/Agg expo. A few other points that give us some comfort, air capacity is growing at 3%. When you take the citywide out of the visitation which we were down 110,000 just and Con/Agg was 160 of that, we’re actually up in visitation when you take that week out also. So everything we see in our business, there hasn’t been much of a change from what we see.
Corey Sanders: And Felicia, we’re very focused on margin; with that flow-through will happen. Once again, as we look at the quarter our 2014 was a very tough quarter because it drove occupancy and high rates plus we had higher table game win, all that stuff would impact margins. When I look at it more towards normal quarter like Q1 of 2013, we’re actually up almost 6 basis points on the Strip in margin.
Corey Sanders: And I would add, I think it’s been at least the last three quarters where the quarter’s percentage increased and REVPAR had outperformed the luxury. And so I think that’s going to continue; they have a lot more to go from peak. So that’s why I think they have that opportunity to continue to grow more.
Corey Sanders: It was kind of sprinkled around a few Felecia, with actually Bellagio, Mandalay and believe it or not, MGM Detroit as well.
