Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Cole, and good afternoon and welcome everyone to the MGM Resorts International fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this afternoon as well. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information, updates or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll now turn it over to Jim.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well sir, I will. Thanks, Harry for the question. Clearly we've been, Aaron, Cathy, and myself, the whole team here have been talking to a lot of you all, both on the buy side and the sell side and really as you all know we’ve been seeking that counsel and that guidance and that input for quite some time. There is one real common thread that really came through in most of those conversations, which was really getting to the longer-term vision story and goals that we're trying to achieve and attain here from a company standpoint. So we're going to continue to give you a lot of color. Obviously, Corey just gave you a lot of color around the convention business. We're going to continue to give you a lot of insight into the baseline business and what we're seeing. But getting into kind of quarterly specifics, has not worked out too well for us. So we are going to continue to focus on the long-term, as you will get a chance to go through the deck that we posted, which has a lot of information in it. You will see that we are reaffirming our 2020 $3.50 per share free cash flow guidance as well as some of our EBITDA targets in 2020. Obviously, Jim, commented on the consensus numbers for the year and we feel like it's the investment community a lot of good data points to be aligned with management and what we’re trying to achieve here.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Hey, Shaun, it's Dan here. I will start and if anybody else has anything -- I think when you kind of look at it, obviously MGM 2020 is an important component of that strategy and how we get to those targeted numbers. It gives us definitely a higher level of confidence in getting there, in terms of that margin in EBITDA target. When you look at what we're assuming, we're assuming kind of more or less the market is kind of status quo. That low kind of single-digit top line growth and really kind of honing in on what we can control in terms of margin, continuing to use the tools that we've used in the past. From a cost standpoint as well as the team as you saw in the fourth quarter did a great job in terms of yielding our rates up, filling the buildings with the most profitable customers we can put into the rooms and we’re going to continue to deploy that strategy going forward. And so it's from the top line standpoint were not looking at a Herculean lift, but it's pretty much status quo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, sure. So the two goals, both Phase 1 and Phase 2 are net of the expenses that we need to kind of get the ball rolling on -- in both of those phases. As we look at it, there obviously will be both operational and capital. As you go through the deck, you will see there's probably in our capital number this year, there's about $75 million of incremental spend for these projects that we are looking at on the technology side. And those will come with a return ascribed to them as well. So it is net, and we will be as transparent as possible in going through this over the upcoming quarters. So you make sure you have all the numbers for your analysis.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I think, a couple of things. I think one is, I necessarily wouldn't hang my head on that being official guidance. What we are looking at is obviously the current estimates that are out there. And again, they seem reasonable from that perspective in looking at the 2019 period.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Hey, Tom, it's Dan. I think, obviously, factoring the comments we made around Chinese New Year's and hold, we did hold pretty high in the first few quarters last year, more towards the high-end of that range, so that always impacts. And when we do our modeling, we are using kind of midpoint of our range kind of numbers. So that’s going to impact a part of that margin. But you're correct in that, as MGM 2020 begins to ramp up in the back half of the year, that’s going to help the margins in terms of a third and fourth quarter from that perspective, as well as some of the burning off of some of the expenses of the upfront cost for the initiatives.
James J. Murren: Yes, thanks. So let me -- I will start and we have -- and you’ve followed us a while, we've always thought about what is in the best interest of the shareholders, how can we strategically create value. We’ve been doing that for a long time. The creation of the UPREIT with MGP was borne partly out of that belief that we can create value, create a new security, in the triple net space and of course it's been very successful brought that public at $21 a share, then, and it's like $30. We've said at the time and we remained very committed to the fact, we expect MGP to continue to grow. In fact, we expect it will outgrow its peer group and the triple net broader sector. And it can because it can transact with MGM unlike many others, and it can make third-party transactions done accretively as they have done since they’ve been public. And through that, through the growth of MGP, we expected MGM Resorts that are interest will decline not because we would like to sell op units, but because we expect MGP to grow. The idea of the ad hoc committee was to accelerate input even greater focus on the opportunities that MGM Resorts board believes it has in assembly the kind of real estate that we uniquely own. We among any other company have the real estate throughout the United States that affords us the opportunity to evaluate on a property by property basis, how to maximize value. In the ad hoc committee which has already met a couple times, as already talking to bankers, is going to be focused on that very effort. With management and the ad hoc committee consisting of real estate and shareholder experts are going to be working with management and the full board to deliver their findings. And of course they’re board members, the board members have helped us as management craft our entire strategic goal. And this is very, very exciting, but complicated and we are going to make sure we get it right not for tomorrow, but for the many tomorrows in the future. I’m not going to get ahead of the ad hoc committee and give you a timetable considering it was only formed on 24 January. But I will say they’re focused, they’re expert, they will be professionally advised and that be working with a full board and management and we're excited about the opportunities that it seems to us we have more than any other company in our space. There will be a lot more to speak to this in the coming months and quarters.
James J. Murren: And also, instead of not a good job, we’ve half of the baccarat business in this market. We are bigger than our top two competitors combined. We have over 42,000 hotel rooms, but it is a market that's very dynamic. And so we are trying to give color, but recognizing the fact that this is not a global company in the sense of spreading all of our assets all around the world, we are giving you very specific color as to Las Vegas, and I don't think anyone does a better job than us. I think it's been a dynamic market.
James J. Murren: Sure. Well we don’t have a lot of assets left, but we've a tremendous amount of real estate value. I'm sitting in a building that's worth billions right now.
James J. Murren: Right. Thank you. I mean that's the question that we are working on here at management and the full board. And the reason why we created this committee, is really to create some real focus on evaluating what our very complex decisions that get into our balance sheet, get into our -- the tax basis of assets, get into our growth forecasts. And because we’ve the talent on our board, specific around real estate and because they've been willing to give their time, I felt as part of management and as part of the board, that it would be beneficial to all of us to accelerate our thinking, and our knowledge accumulation, as to what we should do. But I don't want to -- I want to be very clear on this. The ad hoc committee as part of the board is focused on the same strategic goals as the entire board and management to reduce our leverage, to drive our free cash flow, to create the quantum of cash that we believe we're going to use, because we believe we're going to win in Japan to be able to allocate the cash to the shareholders, while concurring with our leverage targets. And so, you are absolutely right, we only have a few assets that are wholly-owned today by MGM Resorts. We have a joint venture that is very valuable, that we've said, we would like to strategically rationalize in the future. And we’ve the ROFO asset in Springfield. And they’re going to look at all those properties and those ideas with outside advisers and I feel really good about it frankly, because it will allow management to work with a very expert group of people, and our shareholders want to know, and we want to let them know, what is in the best interest of the shareholders from a standpoint of maximizing value. And I thought this will be a great way that identify the seriousness, the focus that the company has on our unmatched portfolio, both in terms of what we own outright, and what we own through MGP, and how it is that we look at those two entities and our joint ventures to maximize value. And that's really why we setup the committee. And as I said, they've already met, they've even been bankers. They're very focused, and I've been really happy with the output so far.
James J. Murren: And maybe I should bring up Chinese New Year's over here in Las Vegas, anticipating the question. I think we highlighted this, didn't we, in the deck? We had a very high hold percentage last year. And we are not holding to that level right now, number one. And secondly, there are a few players that just did not come to the United States, partly due to the government shutdown, some other logistical issues. We lost some groups to places like Sydney and London. So we can thank our total government for that, but we have still a good play in town. And as I said earlier -- as of last year at least, we're 49% of the entire baccarat business in Las Vegas. And so, I feel like we have a good feel for what's going on here, but I would say for -- at this point in time, we're going to be below what we earned last year for Chinese New Year, as a result of the whole delta and fewer customers in town.
James J. Murren: Sure. Do you want to go with that? We both know. I was just there. Oh gosh, it's a beautiful property and great. Unbelievable feedback we get from customers, from the gaming commission in Massachusetts, from the elected officials and our food and beverage operations are ahead of target. Our hotel business is ahead of target. Our gaming business is slower, but ramping. We actually saw the almost exact same thing at National Harbor, as we built into a brand new market for us. So we expect that, given the quality of the assets and the people working there and the word-of-mouth marketing, we are going to be a little bit more tactical in marketing and reminding people that we are there, particularly, leading up to a competitor in Everett, that's opening up in the second half of this year. But we view its operating future very much the same as what we’ve seen in a different scale, with a smaller investment up there than at National Harbor, but what we are seeing in our other new properties.
James J. Murren: I think that’s going to be part of what the committee does. As we evaluate the asset intensity of MGM Resorts and understanding the fact that MGP is a triple net and MGM Resorts is and always will be responsible for the capital that we continue to invest into those properties, which has been very successful. We are going to make sure that MGM Resorts' balance sheet meets the objectives that we’ve laid out and is as durable as possible. And I think we've made this very clear before, we are not going to be in a situation we found ourselves back in '08 on the eve of a global recession. We are going to be more conservatively postured. We are increasingly aware of what’s going on around the world. Global trade tensions, slowdown, RevPAR declines and reductions of RevPAR guidance at hotel companies. And so, we are going to take all that on board with an eye toward making sure that we have that [indiscernible] balance sheet that we are delivering on the beacon, that is $3.50 of free cash flow in 2020, and anything that we do with our real estate portfolio or what we own of MGP, will have to fit very squarely within those strategies.
James J. Murren: Sure, I will. We’ve had -- so a lot of progress in Japan. We’ve been there, as you know longer than anyone else. The government is literally still traveling around the world, learning best practices in terms of how to implement a proper RFP process, as well as the regulatory framework. We have a large team there in both Tokyo and Osaka. We just recently opened up a office in Osaka. We’ve committed now to the Mayor and to the Governor of Osaka, that MGM has adopted in Osaka first strategy, we are focusing our considerable resources on Osaka. The government itself has said that they likely come out with rules and policies this year, July August of '19. Osaka as a prefecture, we believe its RFP will come out soon thereafter. And we think at this point in time, our guess is that an operator will be selected by Osaka by early 2020. The next step for Osaka or any other jurisdiction is to go to the central government. We know we think Osaka will be one of the three concessions that will likely be granted, but we know the central government has to select Osaka and its operator. That probably happens maybe 12, 18 months after Osaka itself picks its operator. And remember that Osaka's goal is to have an IR opened by 2025, that's when the World Expo is in Osaka. So we’ve been very active. That's why you don't hear Bill Hornbuckle on this call, because he is in Japan right now. And we are focusing our energies there. We have been developing consortium partners, exciting programming, getting ready for RFP submission. We have no illusions to the fact, that it will not be competitive, it will be highly competitive. But I think the cards are stacked in the favor of those who are prepared, who have been working hard, who will have the best program, best strategy, the best understanding of the country, of the prefecture, and I like a lot, MGM's chances.
James J. Murren: Here is an amazing thing. I don't know if we've talked about this. But before we built the Park, before we built the plaza in T-Mobile, the traffic counts on the east side of the Strip were profoundly higher than they were on the west side of the Strip. Now it's completely the opposite to the point that the county is building a bridge, so that people stop trying to run across from the east side to the west side. I don't know when that bridge is going to be done, but it's underway right now. That's really the last element. It's not in our control, that's a county project. But to give you a sense of the traffic flow is now on the west side of the Strip, as a result of T-Mobile, the Park, the improvements to New York and obviously the improvements to Park MGM.
James J. Murren: Yes first on the second part, the latest missive from the DOJ is perplexing is an understatement. And if read as words, it would mean that Powerball as it exists in 44 states in the United States, isn't legal anymore. And so it's just -- we think an absurdly, poorly written and unenforceable opinion. And I don't think anyone in the industry, the gaming industry, the sports betting industry, feels any differently. As it relates to our strategy, we have -- we are really excited. We are proud of what we've done. I think we've talked about this before, but we felt the pillars of success would be the following. We wanted to make sure that we had the right technology, in-house, scalable, evolving technology and we knew we didn't have it and we didn't want to buy it off the shelf and we did not want to buy a company, and that led us to the robust negotiations and the conclusion of joint venture with GVC, and that is working out extremely well, certainly from an MGM perspective, but I think GVC would say the same. We have a leader there. They are scaling up their operations. They are sourcing the headquarters. They are building staff. So we feel that, that was the right decision, not only from a technology perspective, but to get the in-game betting analytics, which are really vital to real success. That’s one. Secondly, we wanted to develop an extraordinarily robust trusted relationship with customers, which is why -- before we did almost anything else, we started reaching out to targeted number of the leagues. Those league partnerships which we’ve announced, have resulted in manifest opportunities for us. The NBA, as an example, because of that partnership, you are going to see a far more exciting, longer lived summer league activity out here this year, what I think tremendous more attendance, viewership, interest, as one example. The MLB partnership, in addition to working with MLB and their advanced analytics, through their dotcom channels, has also resulted in some exciting Japan opportunities for us, as MGM is hosting a number of the roadshow events that MLB is doing in Japan, leading up to some games that teams like the A's and the Mariners are playing against themselves and against Japanese teams. The NHL, with their puck and play, and of course with our proud ownership of -- at least as a town of the Golden Knights, has led to other relationships outside of that. So these league relationships at the bigger league level, and even at a -- right now a micro level, with the alliance of American Football, which just launched last weekend has resulted in interesting technology play, which is how we view that involvement with AAF. That’s working out I think extremely well, but early days. The rollout state-by-state is as expected frustratingly slow, tortured, unclear, not transparent. Some states we believe have done it well, some states have done it very poorly. And there is a mix everywhere in between, and there are several major market states right now, that are exploring that right now. Our sports betting app is doing well. Our sports books, young as they are, and in some cases only temporary, as in the case of Mississippi are at/or above what we thought they would do. So I think I would call this very competitive. Some really smart companies in this space competing against us. They too have made progress. The Ceasar's transaction with Turner, I think is a clever and smart one. I think you will find our company going down other paths or may be similar paths, but everyone has a view this as a good opportunity. But I think I'd have to say, from our perspective at MGM, we view sports betting as a larger opportunity than simply betting on sports. We look at it as a total interactive experience, which is why you will see us talking more about social games, digital ventures, and a big part of bringing in an outside consultant that we talked about in our digital strategies around 2020, that second phase that we’ve talked about is going to be in -- not only the interactive space, but around sports.
James J. Murren: Yes, that’s a good -- thanks for bringing that up. I should have brought that up. We had a good Super Bowl at MGM Resorts. We could add -- we could have made more money with different outcomes, but I guess it shows the power of having a lot of liquidity and a lot of handle on the game and we did better this year than we did last year on the game itself, profitability on the game. The challenge for us this year for everybody is, the Super Bowl on Chinese New Year is almost right on top of each other, as opposed to last year, where they were almost two weeks apart like a week and a half apart. So we had challenges around high-end room product. We had challenges around activity and then exacerbating that in the case of Chinese New Year, is a fact that some folks just didn't feel like coming to the United States, because of any number of reasons, but it was a good Super Bowl, and we made more money than we did last year.
James J. Murren: And I guess I would add too Robin, that our overall annualized CapEx number hasn't changed. Anything that we’ve talked about in terms of potential projects are in that number. There aren't any incremental additional capital spends that will come. In the case of the Grand, it's illustrative of the levers that we have to pull. We don’t have to do anything. We can evaluate -- sometimes, we evaluate for quarters and years, and do nothing, because the market moved away, or we’ve different capital ideas. We are not very close as to what we are going to do there at this point in time. What we did say, which I think we should focus on over the next couple of quarters is, capital that we will spend within that limit that we’ve set for ourselves, will be allocated more than it has in the past to technology, and the combination of the capital and the OpEx around our digital ventures area in 2020, will be taken in priority, and if we do that properly, and we think the money is there, our outside consultants think it's absolutely there. It's like opening up a new property, without all the attendant responsibilities and future capital needs that a new property represents. So we see more opportunity on the capital side, now that we are very happy with our portfolio, given our leading position here in Las Vegas, given the fact that we are now done with those major projects that add more engines for free cash flow, to really evaluate everything through the lens of ROI, but also through the lens of do we spend capital on technology that can drive business in a much higher-margin way, and the answer is yes.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. I think -- hey, Harry. Throughout the year our convention business is pretty solid. We have a lot of it. Most of its on the books already, but on a cadence by quarter, we' re seeing improvement in every quarter compared to last year. Obviously, the first quarter is going to be our strongest as it always has, but all the other quarters look pretty good for us also.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. I think -- look we constantly look at the market and look at what our competition is doing. I think there's opportunities to grow that base, from a customer gross profit per room night, they’re definitely higher than some of our other segments. In particular, our focus is not just on the convention, but also improving the transient side of it, and as you mentioned the casino side. The one challenge we are having now that we see in the market is on the leisure side, and especially on the land only. And we're seeing customers potentially going to Europe and other areas. But I think by increasing our casino database, it will help us offset some of loss in those areas. But in general, we think there's still opportunities to move this a few percent, and be much more profitable as a company.
Corey I. Sanders: Look, I don't think it's any different than what it has been. When you don’t have a base of convention or other events happening in town, that segment has always been very competitive. I don’t see much of a difference in the offers going out there. They are always pretty rich, and the amount of I’m seeing actually they seem a little lower this year, than what was happening in the third quarter.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. The other thing, getting that front door has been a big plus and we are seeing the casino numbers we were hoping to see at this stage in the game. As Jim mentioned, the food and beverage numbers are where we expected, as are the hotel numbers. Just transitioning that customer, which we think will take some time, but the acceptance of the property has been amazing and all you have to do is walk through there on any event night and just see what potential for that property is.
Corey I. Sanders: So -- hi, Robin. It's Corey. On convention, we -- for '18, we ended up a little under 18%, and for this year, we expect to be above that amount. On the project at MGM, those projects usually take a long time to get them right and figure out. So we think there's an opportunity there with the West Wing, planning it, getting the right product, the right mix in, seeing what’s happening at Park MGM, also seeing some of the other investment income. We think it gives us time to really figure out what to put in there that could be successful. And so, we keep planning and when we’ve more news to announce, we will get it to you.
