William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. Before I open it up for questions, maybe just some general comments on the year. And you've heard me say this and used these words, resilient and luxury, a couple of times. If you think about, particularly this last quarter, we were on our heels with a cyberattack. You all understood what that did to us. And so as we entered October, to think we'd end up having the quarter we had, I couldn't be prouder of the organization. And it particularly shown through in luxury. Bellagio, after 25 years, had its best quarter in its history and its best year in its history. And so it does prove that in continuing to invest in these properties in the right place at the right time does make a difference. And so we're very excited by thinking about that as we continue to go forward.  I think about what happened with BetMGM and ultimately, our database. MGM Rewards database now has over 44 million participants driven by BetMGM and ultimately, the omnichannel effect of that long term will begin, we think, to pay dividends.  Macau is doing amazingly well. I know some of our competitors are wondering what we're doing. Kenny and the team broke through 20% in the month of January for market share. I'm not suggesting that's sustainable. But I will tell you, I think we have repositioned those 2 properties, and we're prepared to compete on an equal basis with anybody in the marketplace.  When I think about BetMGM, the original goal 5 years ago was to get into the top 3 because we thought it mattered. And we have. We realize there's focus on product. There are some things we need to do to maintain and keep market share. And we think moves by that team, with Angstrom and other things, have done that for us.  We realized, particularly this quarter, there's pressure on regional margins. We know what they did. But remember what Jonathan said, $60 million of the $64 million was tied to two events: a Detroit strike and ultimately, a player in our National Harbor company didn't come back year-over-year.  We find ourselves with one of the best balance sheets in the industry, which well positions us to invest in places like Japan and New York. We are looking aggressively at the U.A.E., and Gary Fritz and the digital team has constant things in front of us in terms of growing the balance of our worldwide digital business. And so we're excited by all of that.  And then obviously, if again, you follow Jonathan's math, like every CEO, we think we're under-traded at 4.9x, but obviously, you all will be the judge of that.  So with that, operator, I will open it up for questions. 
William Hornbuckle: Let me give some broad stroke and then Corey and Jonathan both kick in. Look, F1, when you balance it out year-over-year, it was actually a $70 million increase year-over-year. But if I neutralize the year before, it was about $50 million. We didn't run lucky the year before.  Super Bowl was amazing. We were always concerned, we do great Super Bowl parties here, will it be the kind of event that will drive given the additional expense of the tickets, et cetera, et cetera? The answer was hands-down yes, and particularly rooms, and it drove them across the board. Unlike where F1 was isolated to our premium properties, Super Bowl drove it across the board. We had thousands of people in all of our ballrooms in the MGM Grand Garden enjoying the game and enjoying the festivities. And so it was a really successful universal event. Las Vegas showed up, and I think we all did a tremendous job hosting it. And where I was skeptical going in, I would look to clearly want to host this again.  I think on pricing when it comes to Formula One, we're going to be more cautious at some of the outlier properties that we have. We got paid for Bellagio, Aria, Cosmopolitan along the track, and we got paid well. I think the further away you've got from the track, with a couple of exceptions, MGM held in there well because of its adjacency to the paddock. There's opportunity to do that better and get more people back into the town. 
William Hornbuckle: No. Look, I was at ICE last week, I met with Stella, our partner. We're still very focused on making sure everyone's focus is on BetMGM. And particularly this is a critical year, I think, for all of us. So it's about product, product, product and focus. And so that remains the focus for now. 
William Hornbuckle: Let me kick it off, Kenny, I'll turn it over to you. Some of it is simple activity case, to your point, I mean, we have done like all the operatives, a good job going after some of the -- and I'll use our concert that we just had is a great example of an expansion and overhead item, but to drive overall tourism with Bruno Mars, et cetera. So part of it's adhering to that.  Kenny, why don't you give some more color though. 
William Hornbuckle: And Kenny, I just might add, look, contras are growing as our high volume continues to increase because, again, that's on us versus a junket operative in the middle of that. And I'll remind everybody, on our margins in particular, we do not, I wish we did, but we do not have a large retail segment, which obviously, there's a massive amount of flow-through if you're making $100 million a year in rent, which I know some of our competitors are. The flow-through on that is a lot. We don't have that luxury. So it does impact some of our margins. 
William Hornbuckle: Sure, David. I'll take that. Look, I think the answer is yes, you're spot-on. This will be a reinvestment year. Obviously, you've seen we've lost share, literally, in both instances. And the two folks that sit above us were being outspent 2, 2.5 to 1 in terms of raw marketing spend in dollars. We want and need to get our product in a better and different shape. We want more parlays. Obviously, the acquisition of Angstrom by our partner will be a big add to that. We'll be able to stick out more product, we'll have more confidence in it, speed to market will be better, et cetera. And so that's part of what will be developed starting with baseball this year.  We hope by the time we hit football next year, a lot of the product differentiators hope to have will be in play. We hope to have a single wallet in play, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, this spring here. But ultimately, a development year this year, begin to see making some cash next year, and I'm suggesting that by 2026, we're going to have a very strong first year of -- this is where this business is going and should be. 
William Hornbuckle: David, I would only echo what I said. Look, with Stella as the interim CEO, the focus on the team for product for BetMGM is the focus. I don't want to comment on any other further discussion with them at this point. I don't think it'd be prudent. 
William Hornbuckle: We've got just top line, off the top of my head, Madonna's coming, Springsteen's coming, The Stones are coming, to name three. We've got a great football kickoff with USC, LSU coming. To your point, obviously, March Madness is always a big deal around here. And then Formula 1 rolls back around again. We are going to miss the Pac-12 championship next year. No, we've got 1 more year, I take that back, so we won't miss that. And so we all must admit, 2023, and if you think about the recent stretch we've just been through, was an amazing year and an amazing stretch. So replicating that won't be easy. But having said that, we still have plenty of content and activity case that kind of fill the void and fill the dates. 
William Hornbuckle: Sure. We contemplated 4 key pillars to getting and setting up our own shop, if you will. And so we bought LeoVegas with that in mind. We've obviously now gone and bought Push Gaming, which is a content studio. By the way, their first game, MGM Millions, or MGM Money Millions, whatever it's called, #1 game on our network; #1, first game out, branded with MGM. We are on the heels of buying Sports Technology. We want to obviously be in our own sports betting business with our own technology. And over time, we have Kambi that we use for LeoVegas.  We are on the heels of a deal for Live Dealer where we've talked about and had a vision of broadcasting live games from Las Vegas to rest of world with some celebrities and entertainment tied to them, and we're on the heels of that. I'm heading down to South America next week or the week after to look at a large JV. Brazil is going to put Internet gaming in play for both casino and sports betting, and we plan to be there when that launches.  And so we're focused on building that business at its core into a real business. We've taken BetMGM U.K., as we've talked about. We've got well over 100,000 first-time depositors already in the 4.5 short months. And we're looking at another country already to do the same thing. And so we're going to grow the business. And if we ultimately acquire something else, time to tell, but for now staying focused on that is paramount to us. 
William Hornbuckle: Kenny, maybe you could speak to this more intelligently, but I can tell you broad stroke, remember, the requirement we have, we have to spend $1.1 billion in 10-year commitment in OpEx driving tourism, and there's about $900 million or so in actual capital expense. So we've got a little over $2 billion commitment to the government, of which the $1.1 billion is pure OpEx. And so a lot of the activity case in driving international tourism and driving tourism isn't necessarily tied to the usual marketing programs that we'd think about in gaming. 
William Hornbuckle: Look, it's interesting. It just started, as you know. So we have high hopes for it. We had literally 100 million people, when they flipped on X yesterday, day before, are going to be exposed to that offering and that opportunity. That team is probably much better positioned to give you some input on what they think the outcome is going to be. I can remember from the various presentations that if you captured about 0.1% of those folks, it was a significant uptick to the company, and it's efficient. The way we've structured this deal compared to other even general bonusing, it's an extremely efficient deal for us. So we'll see. Our customers live there. But everyone was on X, I guess, but we particularly think the demographic fits well for what we do. 
William Hornbuckle: Yes, this is Bill. No, I wish there was. I know they're going through some of these zoning things by all of the boroughs. I think, ultimately, we're going to wait and see what happens. I suspect they're going to wait and see what happens there. It may make a decision for them. And then in fact, they'll come back to us with the round 2 questions, and then that gives our 90-day clock going. But we're hopeful, by the middle of this year, we get something submitted and that by the end of '24, something is awarded. But we don't know anymore, unfortunately. 
William Hornbuckle: Very interesting question. We've been thinking about that, talking about it. For us, obviously, the place to invest capital, first and foremost, if in fact that all happens, is MGM. I mean it's our brand. It's our name's sake. It's on the corner of Las Vegas Boulevard drop. It would literally be adjacent to the stadium, and it needs some love. It's a 30-year-old property. We're going to reinvest in the rooms this year. We've got some new show concepts. We've done a few restaurants. But the front end of the property, as you get closer to Las Vegas Boulevard, needs some attention and some reprogramming. We're waiting to see where that lands. I have to believe, in the next 30 to 60 days, we should find out more. I've been shown three versions of it now in terms of where it will actually sit on the site and how it will connect. Once it settles in, we'll get serious about what we might want to do and how we might want to communicate with it, if you will, in terms of pedestrian traffic, et cetera. But that's how to think about where we might go first is really MGM and see how it all plays out. 
William Hornbuckle: As I think we suggested last year, we spent some time on the ground there, specifically in Abu Dhabi, trying to understand the license in general for U.A.E., but ultimately, the opportunity in Abu Dhabi. We believe it would be on the Yas Island. That opportunity still exists. To the extent there is a submission to be had, we may participate in that. Obviously, we have Dubai. We have our project there, which is an amazing project. It's going to be over a $2.5 billion project without a casino in it. And so if and when both Abu Dhabi itself as the general license granter for all or any of the Emirates goes, and then ultimately, one by one, the Emirates say they would like it, we hope to be positioned either for Dubai or Abu Dhabi, but time to tell. And it may start with digital first, a lottery, potentially digital. 
William Hornbuckle: No. Look, I think the answer is yes. I think we've budgeted to that. We've convinced our Board of that. We're incentivized to do that. And I think the answer is yes. Obviously, '23 was an amazing year. We've got some headwinds with particularly labor costs. But there's enough programming out there, enough momentum that, in macro, we think we surpass. And so it's not going to be like double-digit, I can assure you, but I think we surpass. 
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator. Thank you all for joining us today. Just a couple of thoughts. I mentioned this word earlier, again, resiliency, our troops have demonstrated, so I again want to thank them. '23 was an incredible year. We had an all-time EBITDA year, 7 of our properties continue to break records, and so we're anxious for the future. Macau is well positioned. We've ended up in a great space in digital, and we're in the game for real for the long haul, and so you'll see us continue to do that. And we launched our own digital brand and business in rest of world, and so excited by it, excited by the balance sheet and the development opportunities. Remember in '23, Japan came our way, which is one and only and a very unique thing for the company in the long term. And so we're excited by that and potentially the opportunity that New York may bring. So '23 was a great year. We hope to replicate it and then some in '24. And we thank you for your time. 
Corey Sanders: What I would add, Joe, on F1 in particular, the south Strip in particular, we would treat that probably more like a normal weekend going forward because of the lack of activation there. So we think there's opportunity there. And on Super Bowl, I mean, every cash register, from food and beverage to entertainment, was ringing. So it was much more widespread at every property compared to F1, which was isolated to the luxury. 
Corey Sanders: And from a city perspective, I think the Sphere has been a great addition. The T-Mobile will be programmed more than it was last year. So all in all, I think it's going to be a really strong year. As you think about March, it won't only be CON/AGG, we also have Easter ending in March. So that will have a slight impact in March on the convention business but will be picked up in April. 
Corey Sanders: Yes, the legacy properties, the growth is going to be a little bit limited there. It's a small percent of our Vegas revenue. As Bill mentioned, the convention mix, not just here but in town, in citywide, will help some overflow there. But it definitely won't have the same benefits that the luxury properties are and will see. 
Corey Sanders: Players are pretty stable from all age groups and all spend. During COVID, we actually eliminated a lot of that low end play. So in general, what we're seeing in February, we're pretty positive on. And we feel pretty comfortable that what you saw in January was a weather-related component of the business. 
Corey Sanders: And in the regionals, especially fourth quarter because of weather and it's a little slower, you'll have a little bit lower margin in the fourth quarter, but 30% for the year is attainable. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Carlo, it's Jonathan. Yes, we've tried to get out of the business of giving quantifying hold impacts because, as you know, there's a lot of things that cut both ways when trying to isolate the impact of hold. It's certainly true that we experienced good hold in the fourth quarter. But I would also say that, first of all, with this customer segment that drove some of those results, the nature of the play is such that it can lead to higher hold anyway. So the whole idea of what a normal hold is, is a little bit different.  And then second of all, there are expenses associated with these customer segments, including, of course, the normal complementaries as well as, in certain cases, discounts in order to induce more rapid retirement of markers and the like. But look, it positively contributed to the results. There's no question about that. But I would also highlight that there were offsets to that, including player-related expenses, as well as some other things we incurred in the quarter. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. Actually, I think that's probably a good way to characterize it. When we look at the drivers of growth this year, and we've talked about a few of them already, a lot of it relates to yielding, pricing, of course, growing demand through this new Marriott partnership and so on. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, and the conventions business. Thank you, Bill. So those are going to be the main drivers of top line growth. As it relates to OpEx, while, of course, we don't provide guidance for either the top line or the bottom line, we are looking at increases, the main increases associated with our new labor agreement here in Las Vegas with a culinary union. So that will be at least a year-over-year factor for the first half of the year, not really in the back half of the year, since we already incurred that in the last 6 months of the year. That will be the main issue for us. We'll be able to offset that in part through some work we're doing around productivity as well as improvement in cost of sales through leverage procurement activities. But I think kind of a low to mid-single-digit OpEx growth rate, I wouldn't be surprised if we incur that this year. 
Jonathan Halkyard: The upper bound of leverage would be 4.5x lease-adjusted leverage, and we're a full turn below that right now. I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we retired 14% of our outstanding shares last year. It may have been our largest share repurchase year-to-date. I wouldn't anticipate continuing at that pace this year. But we're still active in the market. We still think that the shares are attractively valued. And we still have a fair amount of dry powder, just augmented with our revolving credit increase, to enable us to do that. So I would say it's likely going to be less than it was in 2023, but we're still being aggressive. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. When we kind of parse it out, accounting for unusual items or things that we wouldn't expect to recur, we think that the margin in the fourth quarter in Las Vegas was maybe benefited by about 100 basis points. So that still puts us right in the mid-30s, which is where we've kind of expected the margins to be for some time. That's where we expect them to be for 2024. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. I would say that certain of our properties were affected by the weather. Springfield comes to mind as one. Empire is another. But we also saw some pockets of strength in January as well. I would say both because of weather effects as well as the calendar a bit coming off of New Year's, January saw some of those impacts in our regional markets. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. The $60 million, roughly half is related to the strike and the other half to the National Harbor. 
Jonathan Halkyard: We did give some expectations, I believe it was second quarter earnings call in August of last year, Robin. And although our implementation was delayed from October to a few weeks ago to January, our estimation of what the arrangement can bring us has not changed. So I'd just refer you back to those measures that we gave in August. 
Jonathan Halkyard: The answer is yes. It's early days. But as I think Bill noted in his opening remarks, we're very encouraged by what we're seeing in the first few weeks. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. It's Jonathan. I'll offer a couple of comments. The answer is yes, but really for different reasons. In the regional markets, I think, as Corey mentioned, we've really directed our marketing efforts, and to a certain extent, the property amenities themselves, to higher-worth guests. We've reduced our marketing investments and promotional investments on the lower end. And that really started in the aftermath of the pandemic, and it's carried forward. So the fact is that the increases that we've seen in those regional properties are really predominantly from the higher average daily worth customers.  But I say it's the same effect for different reasons because in Las Vegas, what has been really driving this has been our special events, our focus on these customers through our branch offices and our own marketing efforts. And obviously, the citywide events that are going on have skewed more toward that high-end luxury growth as well as our capital investment in our luxury properties, so same effect for different reasons. 
Jonathan Halkyard: I would say no. I've been at MGM for 3 years, and I've been amazed at our operator's ability to manage through disruption and room renovations as well as on the casino floor, but mainly in the room renovations. If you think what we've done just in the last year or so with New York-New York, the spa tower, The Water Club, the Borgata, et cetera. This year, we have, the ones I mentioned, Chelsea suites, we're starting in the MGM Grand and so on, and also in the Bellagio Main Tower suite. So no, I would not advise you to really incorporate any disruption from those investments. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. There were a lot of things going on this quarter. I would say that we can do 30% margins in the regions. We do have a number of tools at our disposal, but we're also facing some labor cost increases there. But when we do the forensics on the fourth quarter and look ahead to this year, we believe that, that's achievable. 
Xiaofeng Feng: Yes. Thanks for the question. Actually, as you can see, like Q4 was a record high in MGM China, basically. We are happy to see that our January performance has continued to grow. So actually, our January performance has exceeded even October levels across all segments, including EBITDA and market share. Currently, we are in the middle of Chinese New Year basically, which is about 8 days' celebration. As to the visitation to the city, it has reached about 90%, 95% of 2019 same-period levels. As to MGM China, 2 properties combined, the visitation, the players count, the table drop, the slot handle as well as the VIP turnover have all well exceeded 2019 same-period levels. So we are confident and we are optimistic with the Chinese New Year as well as the rest of this quarter. 
Xiaofeng Feng: Yes, that's right. The reinvestment rate actually is pretty flat over the quarters for the past year. 
Xiaofeng Feng: Okay. This is Kenny. As you know, like for the past year, with the new concession, we added another 200 tables. Of course, we added a little bit more FTEs. We have more daily table open hours. But in general, we are very, very tight regarding our OpEx control. You can see from our EBITDA margin, over the quarters of the last year, we are very stable, in the high 20s, along with our market share gains and the business growth. As Bill just commented, we do not have so much high-margin retail rental EBITDA, but our gaming EBITDA margin is really way up there in this marketplace. I can see for the next for these next couple of quarters, we should be quite stable with our margins. 
