Jim Murren: Oh. So, we expect to close the Bellagio real estate transaction and Circus Circus, Las Vegas this quarter by the end of this year. We expect that we'll be to, we’ll be able to talk to you all about how we're going to how we're going to transact the MGM Grand Las Vegas Real Estate, we expect to be able to tell you that by the end of this year, which obviously would bring you into early 2020 before most likely any transaction will be completed there. And it's not mutually exclusive to the other real estate related work that the committee is doing and management is doing. So, expect more to come over the coming months in early part of 2020.
Jim Murren: Sure. We're not engaged in any M&A right now Joe. We're not interested in acquiring anyone else's assets at this point in time or anyone else’s operations. We're really focused on what's in front of us right now. We think that's the best use of our time and our board's time but we are a dynamic company. We’ll look at things as they present themselves over time but I would not want anyone to believe that we're looking at any of that over the near term.
Jim Murren: Not at all. No. As a triple net we and as the operator of these assets that actually is – make these decisions very easy for us because the real estate transactions themselves are relatively once you get the leases worked out straightforward financial transactions. The capital that will go into the properties is within our control and will be consistent with the capital spend that we have deployed over the history of the properties. That was something that obviously our counterparty with Bellagio, got very comfortable with given the amount of investment we've put into Bellagio since MGM acquired Bellagio in connection with Mirage Resorts way back in May of 2000. So, we've been the operator of Bellagio for most of its life, 19 years of it, over 19 years of its life and we are going to be the operator of it based on a lease for about 50 years whoever's here at that time and we'll continue to invest in the properties whether they're wholly owned properties or whether they’re leased to a third party. And as I said earlier, they're most likely going to be leased to somebody else.
Jim Murren: Thanks. Actually the Hong Kong situation is somewhat independent of us but I think obviously, it’s a little bit confusing we haven't seen any direct impact. I think visitors are starting to change their travel strategies. So, we just got to keep our, keep our things valuable and make sure we promote [indiscernible] unfortunately a separate destination and make sure that we can allow those customers to come in and get in and out of, out of Macau effectively. So, nothing really there.
Jim Murren: Sure. First it’s – I think it's important to reiterate what we believe our end state is and how – it’s – we are here that we are actually can see the end state which is going to happen over the next year or two. The end state is that MGM Resorts is going to be asset light. It will continue to invest in assets because it will continue to invest in the properties, all the properties that we operate. And it will make investments into bricks and mortar and into technology but in areas we believe will be higher return on investment investments than simply owning static real estate and it will be done on a more of a global basis with an emphasis not only on our gaming properties that we operate but also on non-gaming hotels, on sports, on technology on entertainment. So, that's the end state. In terms of you know why that's important is we believe there's a large experienced economy out there that MGM Resorts and certainly not our competitors, are actually tackling properly in these areas of entertainment and sports in Japan, etcetera. We believe to best do that for shareholders, we should reduce, significantly reduce our financial leverage. And so, it's an overarching priority to get that core leverage, that financial leverage down to 1 times by the end of next year. We believe we can do that while repurchasing shares and focusing on our dividend and investing in Japan and investing in sports through joint ventures and otherwise. And we look at it all holistically. But it means being very disciplined on capital allocation, focused on that debt reduction, returning capital shareholders as we have been doing in the form of dividends and share repurchase, in making sure that we don't have less financial flexibility but actually have more financial flexibility, particularly because we're in the later stages of this economic expansion. And as we grow our earnings base, over a reduced number of shares, it will have the impact of accelerating our free cash flow. And so, we look at it in holistically and we believe that given the assets we have, both what we have announced, but based on what we've announced the blueprint that we have achieved for future transactions, we're going to be able to very effectively achieve that over the next 12 to 18 months.
Jim Murren: Well, ARIA and Vdara, all CityCenter of course, opened in the worst possible time. And it's right now next month celebrating its 10th anniversary. So, out of the great recession came a property that a lot of people were dismissive of and counted out 10 years ago, it’s now one of the most profitable resorts in Las Vegas, and we believe will continue to be so and in fact, accelerate its profitability because it's new, we continue to reinvest in it, and we have been investing in areas where we had gaps before. We did not have the right restaurant product when we opened up. We've been changing that very dramatically with great success. We did not have enough convention space. We just dramatically expanded the convention space there, and we have other ideas to increase its meetings capabilities which will drive revenue. We had a poor performing show but now we have T-Mobile Arena and we have Park Theater, and we have a lot of entertainment that ARIA and Vdara benefit from, without having to have it on the campus. And we've been driving, consistently driving casino business through an improved loyalty program and frankly, better brand awareness of the brand new brand called ARIA. As we evolve into our digital work that we'll be talking to you a lot more about in coming quarters, investing more in loyalty, we think that will accrue to the benefit of all of our properties particularly our Strip properties, and particularly ARIA because it's relatively new and still does not gain some of the casino business, it could vis-à-vis say Bellagio or MGM on the high end. And so, yes we're proud of what's happening there but we believe that from a delta perspective there is probably more room to grow cash flows at ARIA than most any of our properties.
Jim Murren: Sure Shaun on the margin expansion, leap in mind it was definitely impacted by the Far East play. If you exclude that, that was about 60 basis points. We’re up about 0.1 on the Strip. The core properties are really where you're seeing it because there's less noise in this straight away. Comparable business, they're up almost 300 basis points on margin. So, from that perspective, we're really happy with where the flow through is. Keep in mind the Strip is going to have increased expense because of Park MGM and the expansion of the food and beverage restaurants and really the full opening of the hotel, which will distort that. When we look at it in particular, excluding Park MGM we're down about a 1,000 FTEs on the Strip. And so, we're pretty confident at least we're seeing on the labor savings on that. As we mentioned – as Jim mentioned in his prepared remarks, we had $50 million of recognizable savings in the third quarter sorry. And we’re seeing – we like what we see going into the fourth quarter. We have the fixed labor nailed, the variable labor components are in process, including the technology pieces and we've found some other opportunities in scheduling and in forecasting. The purchasing side is also going pretty strong. That's – that will come through monthly, so you'll start seeing. As we ramp up in some of those areas, you'll start seeing some increases in there. And I would expect the fourth quarter to be better than the $50 million.
Jim Murren: Sure. So let's first start with MGP, and then maybe I'll turn it to Corey or something we could talk about capitalized, the lease or Aaron, or me, I can do it too. First, MGP when we created a few years ago, we were very focused on ensuring that we were disciplined around asset quality and tenant quality. And as you remember, we brought that public, I think it was $21 a share, it's done pretty well. But what we're most proud of is it’s stuck to its core strategy of not going out and buying a bunch of broken down stuff someplace and degrading its tenant quality. And that, I believe MGP is going to continue to be very focused on. James Stewart and Andy are very lasered in on not only the financial characteristics of MGP, but the quality of its portfolio. Clearly, MGM Resorts is incented to encourage MGP to grow and if it came down to a transaction between a third party and MGP, we're always going to favor MGP in a close race. And there's a lot we can do that's mutually beneficial to MGM Resorts and MGP. As MGP continues to acquire assets but only quality assets, as it continues to do so, it will access the capital markets and in doing so will reduce our stake in MGP. We would also look for other opportunities over time to monetize some of our equity stake as long as it was done in a capital efficient manner. MGM Resorts is not wedded to any particular ownership of MGP. We've stated that at least in the near-term, our near term goal is to get under 50% but that won't be the end state. We will very likely own far less of MGP than that on a going forward basis. And so, I think the way, I would look at it is MGM Resorts has a strategy. The strategy has become asset light. It is executed on one stage of that at a multiple higher than anyone could have predicted here at Bellagio. It sets us up very well to work on multiple other transactions, which include wholly-owned real estate, jointly-owned real estate and MGP itself. MGP owns more quality real estate on the Las Vegas Strip than anybody else and it's certainly being mismarked in the marketplace given where the trade was just announced with Bellagio even if you assume any kind of discount between Bellagio and the MGP portfolio. We would never – you would never assume it would be as wide as it currently is. And so, we believe that there is a lot of future for MGP and MGM Resorts has no pre-disposed view on how much it owns or whether it owns any at all. We also think the Blackstone deal is very important because it proves out the point that MGM is more than happy to transact with a third party on a lease in highly negotiated lease terms with someone as sophisticated as Blackstone where MGM has very little ownership in that new joint venture. We’ll have 5% of the joint venture equity ownership.  And I think that should be illustrative of how we view MGP and any other third party going forward is we do not have to control or even own a majority or even own anything at all of the landlord as long as we can control the capital expenditures, the operations, the marketing of the resorts that we believe are dominant. And push on [ph] consolidation as long as we still own the golden share and we remain over 30% ownership we continue to consolidate MGP on our financial statements. If it drops below there, then we would end up with the EBITDAR type presentation.
Jim Murren: We're still focus as we look at leverage and on the core operational stuff, we talked about 1 time in general consolidated, we're still focused between the 3 to 4 times. As long as we continue to consolidate MGP that's still in our targets.
Jim Murren: We have anticipated what we're going to do in the debt markets with the debt and also friction costs that we gave you just now. And obviously, we’d be focusing on the near-term maturities where the premiums are lower.
Jim Murren: We're going to look at everything and I don't think it's prudent for us to lay out our strategy on the call.
Jim Murren: Yeah, I think I would say regionals are probably about around 25%. You're going to end up getting about 5% that ends up at City Center. So, it's about 65% that actually impacts the Vegas market in total .
Jim Murren: And the reason – just why we're comfortable with that, obviously, we're three quarters into it. We're in the fourth quarter we see what our business looks like in the fourth quarter. The convention and entertainment business is very solid this quarter. As just mentioned by Corey we're ramping up the MGM 2020 plan, so that – all that's within our control and that makes us comfortable that that will offset any ongoing weakness Far East play.
Jim Murren: Sure. As we look at our business and the mix of business between baccarat and non-baccarat, and also look at our competitors, we felt that there was a better way to look at it and we think our competitors probably look at it this way. So, starting Q3, what we’ve done is we've broken out between baccarat and non-baccarat. The normal – the range in baccarat is 25% to 35% which is normalized in the midpoint there would be 30 and on non-bacc, we're about 19% to 23% with the normalized range being around 21%. And so in the past, we've just used a blended rate and compared or hold that way. We think is more consistent with our biggest competitors on the Strip.
Jim Murren: Yeah, that's some good feedback we actually have gotten from a lot of you. So, that's why we made the move.
Jim Murren: Yeah, Harry I think to your point we are at the higher level, so getting that first 500 basis points was a lot easier comparison but what we do believe is that as I've – as I mentioned we’re seeing about 31% at the core properties. Our goal and we believe based on our program that we should be able to get to that 32% and that's even with costs increase with the union and labor increases. So, we feel pretty comfortable with that number.
Jim Murren: Yeah. And I think, I think maybe – Harry I just add to Corey’s which is a lot of the investments we're making now are investments that we think are much higher margin investments than what we were able to achieve back 5 to 10 years ago, particularly around loyalty, digital marketing, technology. So, as we move into this – the end state of asset light it's not just reducing our bricks and mortar intensity it's actually increasing our human capital our human bricks and mortar to drive what we believe to be accelerating revenue and higher margins. So, it's not so much a PGP like plan which was a cost cutting plan at its core. This is an operating model change and a focus on investing where we believe we can increase the utility of the buildings that we operate and drive revenue and higher margins that way.
Jim Murren: Thanks, Harry. Well, I think the first thing is we need to get everything up and running. The Mansion is now online and all the villas are now available; getting really positive responses for that. And as we've mentioned before, that's now allowed us to move into another segment that we've really not been able to penetrate. And the progress of adding value in that – to that segment is actually going well. We're getting huge trial in excess of 20% of the business for the quarter, directly attributed to Mansion as new business, not seems like before. So, that's really the critical point for us. On that one Harry you've got to basically pitch it to every component. In terms of the other areas we're also trying to balance it up about not getting our reinvestment right ahead of ourselves and that's something we're also very careful about. In terms of run rate though just to follow on from the comment, once you start getting the main summit it start to build and we're starting to see continued strength in that premium mass business coming into the fourth quarter. There's still some on the business transitioning out of some VIP business to mass but that's really what we're focused on is making sure that the products right, we target ourselves but at the same time balancing up the reinvestment costs. But clearly, the one thing that would give us all a big lift would be some market growth. And that's what all of us are looking for at the moment. So, the critical point to getting to that $1 billion number is it’s tied back, ultimately testing the market growth and I think we're all looking to see and once we get through these challenging few months now, that that sometime during the course of 2020, we're going to see some real growth back in the market.
Jim Murren: I think all of those things are incremental now, Harry. I don't think there's any one – I've said to a number of people that Macau was starting to become more of a mature market. Yes, we're still well underpenetrated in China and the market is still strong, but the characteristics about the single event having a significant impact, it’s just not there. And it's just a question of applying pressure to all of the levers all of the time, keeping our costs in control and making sure that we just take advantage of all the opportunities that arise.
Jim Murren: Sure. The two transactions we announced really had two different objectives but accomplish the same thing in terms of moving toward an asset light strategy. I'll take the smaller one first. Circus Circus as you know was part of the Mandalay Resort Group acquisition way back in 2005. The property was performing extremely well and then the great recession hit and Circus struggled mightily. And we're immensely proud of the men and women there, many of them are there today that brought that property back to a very high level of performance but Circus was never going to be really strategic to MGM Resorts because it doesn't add a customer segment that we don't already adequately account for. And so, the focus on that was to find a very good home for Circus Circus. And of course we have high degree of respect for to Mr. Ruffin. We transacted with them before. He lives here in town. He's invested in Las Vegas and he has some really exciting plans for Circus Circus. That was important to us because we were intending and will sell the entire enterprise including the land. And we do believe that the northern Strip has got a great future with the convention expansion, with Resorts World, hopefully the Drew and, of course, ideas that Mr. Ruffin has on Circus. The Blackstone transaction was very different in the sense that we had never contemplated, we’d never contemplate in selling Bellagio outright. We didn't want to transact with the real estate. And by bringing the Real Estate Committee together and spending the time to really understand, not only what our tax basis was at this property, but what our legal options were and what a lease could look like and how we could minimize the friction costs, while still retaining some key decision rights. We landed on this joint venture concept which, of course, is innovative, first of its kind, where we will retain a 5% equity ownership in the real estate of Bellagio, selling 95% of it to a subsidiary of Blackstone. Blackstone certainly was not the only counterparty we talked to. The net was pretty wide and it zeroed in to a half a dozen or so extremely well-known, very sophisticated, deep-pocketed real estate owners. But we concluded that the best course of action was to focus on Blackstone to try to get the most precise execution. I think we’ve done that. We took the time also to create a blueprint for other transactions. And that is having the predicted outcome which is companies like Blackstone and Blackstone themselves continued to be interested in Las Vegas real estate, but really only on quality Las Vegas real estate. And of course we own most of the quality Las Vegas real estate including MGM Grand Las Vegas. So, one, the blue print we're proud of it, and we think it can be adapted. Secondly, there are a number of counterparties that would be interested. We've done a lot of work already. And by taking our time we've also benefited from increasingly low interest rates which has – and high access to capital markets which also increases valuation. So we are not interested at this point in time and acquiring assets. We're not looking to acquire any other – anyone else's assets. We're looking to monetize the assets that we own either jointly or in whole. And I think that the blueprint is now well established and you're going to see us use that blueprint in a relatively deliberate, prompt fashion on MGM and perhaps other assets.
Jim Murren: Well, I'll tackle the first part and kind of – the second answer is to be determined. I don't think we have enough inputs that we are prepared to share to give you a kind of satisfying answer to that unless Corey has a better answer than what I just gave. I think the important point to make there is that we will own less of MGP because we see – what's on the horizon for MGP and the pipeline of transactions that we know they're looking at that could be done productively and accretively for MGP, which would we believe and only would be done if we believe this would be well received by the markets and therefore be able to access the capital markets, so we will reduce our stake. That's, that's a very clear scenario we foresee. In terms of other ways of reducing our stake in MGP, there are other ways but our focus right now is on what we've talked about, monetization of the real state of MGM, monetization of our other jointly owned real estate, executing on the Blackstone transaction, which who knows could lead to other transactions with that entity or other entities like Blackstone, executing on the Circus Circus transaction, and MGP whether or not they participate in MGM Grand which is entirely possible, in fact more than likely, would therefore be a part of our reduction of our equity ownership of MGP. But I don't think we're prepared to give an end state to what our balance sheet or theirs would look like on a post deconsolidated basis.
Jim Murren: Yes, yes. And think about it kind of simply we’ll reduce, we're eliminating near-term maturities, bank debt bonds and replacing it with long-term low cost capital in the form of leases. Just, if we did nothing else but that seems to be a very smart financial strategy given the stage of the economy that we're in right now. But by reducing our financial leverage and focusing on consolidated leverage and lease adjusted leverage which we've talked about all three, we believe we're strengthening the company's balance sheet and actually redeploying capital in a better return fashion.
Jim Murren: Okay. I think that seeing the time is a bit past, I want to just sum up by saying thank you for being on the call. We had a satisfying third quarter. As I said it's in line with our expectations. Our convention business, a key driver of the health of Las Vegas was strong in the third quarter will be strong for us in the fourth quarter and into next year. We've made great progress on MGM 2020. We're proud of Grant and the team's stronger ramp in Cotai. And we're delivering on our operating targets. We have a positive outlook for the current quarter. We're on track to hit the 2020 targets that we've mentioned for EBITDA, free cash flow per share and leverage. We're also delivering on our financial targets. We continue make excellent progress on our real estate. We know the positive impact they will have on our balance sheet, our free cash flow per share and our ability to execute on our targeted growth initiatives. And with that I want to thank you for dialing in and as always we'll be around for questions. Thank you.
