Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Keith, and good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts and MGM Growth Properties' second quarter 2016 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com and at www.mgmgrowthproperties.com, a lot of Ws. Both MGM and MGP furnished their respective press releases on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions under the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press releases and in the MGM and MGP periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about MGM and MGP's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in their respective press releases, which are also available on our websites. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And before turning it over to Jim, just one housekeeping item, as a result of the MGP transaction, we now refer to what we once called wholly owned domestic resorts as simply domestic resorts and wholly owned Las Vegas Strip resorts as Las Vegas Strip resorts. Any reference to domestic resorts and Las Vegas Strip resorts will continue to exclude CityCenter unless otherwise noted. I'd also like to remind everybody that our supplemental earnings deck is posted on both our websites which we hope you'll continue to find helpful. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And, Felicia, I would just add a couple of points, so I think, one is and you will know better than I, but I think one is, some of the hotel companies are sector-specific in certain markets, that's really impacting them. And energy is a good example. We don't do much in the energy business. We have very little, if not nil, in energy. So, as Corey pointed out, the sectors where our bread and butter are thriving and doing well right now, and that's benefiting us. The second factor I'd point out is the markets that are starting to slow are starting to have significant supply, and we don't have any supply coming on here in Las Vegas. So, as people want to be in our properties, and want to be here in Las Vegas Strip, whether with us or our competitors because of what we offer, there's not a supply issue here to be dealing with and that's helping us bolster the shoulder periods that Jim spoke about earlier.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, I think, Robin, for the full year or kind of just the way the math works with the second quarter is kind of around that 5% to 6% level for the full year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, I think the only thing I would say, I don't want to get into monthly, but both April and June were up nicely and May was just down, and down a little bit more than our expectations that May would have been down, and it's all around that weekend around the fight.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure, John. In National Harbor, we'll spend about $450 million through the back half of 2016, and the total remaining is about $550 million, so we'll have about a $100 million tail into early 2017. In Cotai, we're just shy of about the half way point and as far as our spend to-date, we'll spend about another $900 million in 2016, with the remainder obviously in 2017. And then Springfield has started its demo and site and garage, parking work. We'll spend about $100 million in Springfield in the back half of this year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Oh, and then on the NV Energy front, as we've talked about previously and it has been published, we have notified the PUC and Nevada Energy that we will leave the grid effective October 1. The third quarter, we will incur a couple of charges with respect to leaving the grid in totality the range from about $160 million to $190 million. There's two components. There is the impact fee for leaving the system, that's about $87 million. And then, as we paid today, and as we will continue to pay going forward, there will be a second charge for an accrual for some non-bypassable rate charges. That will be about another $70 million to $100 million charge in the third quarter. Those relate to charges from the time period of today going forward to contracts that exist through 2040. And that we'll accrue upfront. So once we have the charges behind us, we believe that we'll probably save on a go forward basis of the P&L kind of $20 million to $30 million annually and really control our destiny in terms of open market purchases and moving more of our energy to sustainable efforts and really take control of that overall process for ourselves.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And thank you all for joining us this morning. We're obviously around both at the MGM and the MGP offices to answer any follow-up questions and we greatly appreciate you joining us this morning. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, James, and before we get into Q&A, just a couple of added points. I want to emphasize that we're well on pace with this aggressive plan on profitability and our long-term financial strength. We obviously have a tremendous portfolio and that is growing with the addition of Borgata and we're excited to invite and add the 6,000 new employees to the MGM Resorts family, literally this week. But we're growing beyond that as well. As you know, we're opening National Harbor at the end of this year, Springfield in a couple of years. And we do know that beyond just creating economic benefit for those local communities which is significant, it also cements our position as the clear and dominant leader in these markets as we integrate those new properties into our family. We've been working really hard on the balance sheet. We have made tremendous strides there. We are committed to be once again an investment-grade company and we're marching towards that goal and as we become that, as we develop more and more free cash flow and cash from our dividend-paying enterprises, we are expecting that over time we'll be able to return that cash as well to our shareholders. MGM is not just a holding company, or even a gaming company, it's not even a hospitality company. The fact is we operate at the very intersection of hospitality of art, of dinning, shopping, gaming, live entertainment. We create amazing entertainment experiences for guests from every walk of life. We are the first movers on many fronts, both in the way we build and the way we run our business, both in terms of the leadership, and the fact that people want to work for us and our deep commitment to the responsibility of corporate, social good, and our communities. It's really a great time to be a part of MGM and we look forward to sharing more with our owners, our stakeholders in the future as we continue to grow, continue to improve, and continue to make money, return value to the owners of MGM, our shareholders. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
James Joseph Murren: Okay. And so, I got to believe that we're going to do better on the group side in 2017 than we are this year, and we're having a good year this year. In addition, recall, that we open up The Park Theater at the end of this year. If we've learned anything about Las Vegas and how different it is from the rest of the United States, is that special events and entertainment activity drives RevPAR growth and the very fact that we had two Rock in Rio concerts, and the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight to compete against showed you the difficulty in the second quarter. Once we open Park MGM Theater, that opens in December, we'll have a lot more business and entertainment activity that quarter and – I'm sorry, that year, and of course also with our entertainment events at T-Mobile and MGM and Mandalay.
James Joseph Murren: Okay. I'll give you what I can, Harry. Yes, we're spending money today, building National Harbor, Cotai, obviously and a big project here in Las Vegas is that Park Theatre, which opens up in December. But yet still we're throwing off free cash. Once we get into 2017, we get a big boost from the opening of National Harbor, the completion and cash flow generation of The Park Theatre. And then, of course, we have the opening of Cotai. It's our expectation at MGM Resorts that our operating free cash flow will accelerate. And on top of that acceleration, we'll be accelerating our ability to dividend back to MGM Resorts through our joint ventures, like CityCenter and our investments in MGM China, post the opening of Cotai. And as that occurs, our leverage declines. The rating agencies have already indicated that they have increased our ratings several times. And as we continue to improve our ratings, you'll see a higher degree of receptivity at MGM to start dividending money back to its shareholders. So, I would guess, as we approach investment-grade, you'll be hearing more from us about what'd we do with our excess cash, and our inclination at this point in time is to establish a regular dividend, when it's appropriate and dividending money back to the owners of MGM Resorts, as we are today with MGM China and MGP.
James Joseph Murren: Bellagio just had the best EBITDA month it has ever had in the month of July. So we are seeing incredibly strong numbers on the gaming side at our high-end properties, incredibly strong for given the time of year that we are in, and we are seeing broad-based growth in our mass, I guess you'd call it our retail business. And I think it's significant to note, because some of the hotel companies have struggled a little bit with their transient business activity. We don't have a lot of that. We have very little. And so, our business activity is primarily convention business. And the convention business is doing extremely well for us here in the market in Las Vegas.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. Well, the development is quite spectacular. There are a few pictures that we've put on the Investor deck. Those are even out of date. We already now have the Marquee has been almost fully encased, that's at the front of the resort. And Whiting-Turner is our general contractor there. They're doing a tremendous job, some of the best work, finished work we've ever seen in a resort. So inside and out, it's quite spectacular. We're right on pace and we will open up in December. Most of the finished goods are already going in, they are literally placing slot machines on the floor already, the carpeting is down, the ceiling treatments are done, the entertainment venue is going to be really spectacular, that's completely enclosed, they are energizing the building, all the glazing is in, they're not only drywalling, but painting all the guest rooms, and it really is quite spectacular. It will open up, as I said, in December with quite a lineup of entertainment similar to what we did at T-Mobile, where we hit the market with kind of a splash, with a lot of great entertainment out here. And we're going to do the same thing, and we're going to make sure that the people in the Mid-Atlantic region know exactly what it's all about to be a part of an MGM Resorts' property, and what they have been missing all these years with the mediocre casinos that they have been going to for so many years. Now, what happens with MGP, the great success of Borgata, I think is a very illustrative example here, Steve. And we worked on acquiring, putting together that transaction, worked back to back with James Stewart on coming up with what both companies believe was a fair valuation and it obviously is working out terrifically well at Borgata. We'd like to build upon that success, really as soon as it is logical. So, I would say that my guess is that either James calls me or I call James, sometime in the middle of next year, once we have a quarter or two quarters under our belt, we can underwrite what it is. We think that MGM National Harbor is cash flowing. And I could tell you from an MGM Resorts' perspective, we're highly motivated to contract with MGP on a transaction very similar to what we did with Borgata.
James Joseph Murren: So, I'll start that and then turn over to folks here. I noted that a lot of the RevPAR guidance in the hotel-only sector has come down a bit, and it's attributed to a slowdown in GDP. And the commentary I've read from you and your compatriots is that, that business activity – the transient business activity have slowed down. We haven't seen that nor do we get much of it anyway. So, even if that were to be occurring, we haven't seen that. Now, on the group side we've seen little to no change in attrition at all. So, I'll turn it over to Corey, if you have some views on whether or not that what you're seeing in the hotel sector is a leading indicator to us, I don't know. It doesn't appear to be the case since we continue to build business from other markets and expand the conventions that are already coming.
James Joseph Murren: 3% or so of the lift here. But there is no doubt that there – I have to believe there are variety of factors as to why Las Vegas is seeing a strong air activity and we're seeing strong drive in activity from the Southwest. And that really is helping everybody in town, not just the MGM portfolio but everyone else. So as sad as that situation is in Florida, I certainly don't want to benefit from it as a result of that, but I can say that we're seeing a pickup in air traffic and in driving traffic even in the last couple of months.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. We have the Borgata team here. They've been here a last couple of days, working on marketing integration within MGM Resorts. There are multiple opportunities to drive revenue at Borgata, both in terms of the intersection of our database. This was remarkable to me, I don't know if – I know, we were all surprised a bit, when we took together the MGM database and the Borgata database, there was only a 5% overlap between those two large databases. So, we have a tremendous amount of incremental data of people that live in the Borgata region that will now benefit from MGM's ownership of Borgata and the same will be true for the Borgatic customer base, being able to go to Beau Rivage in Detroit, and out here in Las Vegas. So that's one area. The second area is we have a very robust charter air business in our regional properties, as does Borgata. And we do know that there is a lot of opportunity to integrate our charter business to drive more revenue. Third, would be on entertainment. It obviously is the market and entertainment leader, but with our contacts and relationships we can drive more entertainment which thus drives more gaming revenue and overall revenue. So, we see a tremendous a job as Borgata has done. We see upside in terms of revenue and certainly upside in terms of cost reductions as they come on to larger platforms. And I think that, that is something that we are most gratified about.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. And then in terms of the referendum, we've been on the sidelines on this. Our challenge is though we would certainly be the leading contender to win one of those potential $1 billion resort opportunities in North New Jersey, given our presence in New Jersey already, our licensing there and the dominance that Borgata has, we would be no doubt the lead horse. The issue for us is, we don't know enough, we don't know what the tax rate would be, we don't know what the enabling legislation would look like. And it's really the referendum challenge for us as it puts the cart before the horse, we don't have enough facts right now. We are taking a look at it though and looking at how does that potential fit within the strategic goals of MGM Resorts going forward? We're going to have an unbelievable resort in the D.C. area with National Harbor. We've got our Mississippi Gulf Coast property. Now, we have the dominant position in Atlantic City and soon to have a very successful casino in Western Mass. How does Northern New Jersey or other parts of the region, for example, New York State, fit within the growth plans of MGM? And frankly, we haven't made that determination yet. The referendum is going to be close. I couldn't pick it right now, it's polling to fail currently, but who knows, what happens in November, and we're going to evaluate this and probably make a decision of whether we're positive, neutral or negative within the next few weeks.
James Joseph Murren: Well, I think a lot of what you've seen has been an evolution of how operators are developing game relationships with customers both on the table side and on the slot side to find ways to not only drive some revenue, but more importantly drive profitability. And for example our table games margins are probably the highest in the industry because we have been focusing on at least at our luxury properties. We've been focusing on table profitability and margin. The same would be true on the slot side, where we have been more thoughtful in terms of how to develop a slot product that results in better profitability for us. I think underlying trends and, Corey or Dan, correct me, if I'm wrong, it's a low single-digit type of growth here in the market. You get the fluctuations withhold obviously and also events. But I think the underlying business, setting aside, this really fortunate experience in the last month or so of high-end business, setting aside that. Just looking at the core business, of core table and slot performance, we would expect to see low single-digit growth in the market and MGM should do at least as well as that, we would expect better, because we expect a lot of ourselves, and because we are investing a lot in entertainment, which drives a lot of that entertainment – drives a lot of that gaming revenue.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. We disinvited quite a few customers of that nature, but to be clear on this point is that, what it's resulted in for the vast majority of our customers is a far better experience, they're being recognized in a more wholesome way for their play. What it has done is, it has discouraged some of the lower margin players that are professional from playing with us and encouraged the recreational gamer to play and get compensated and rewarded for their play.
James Joseph Murren: Right. We'll be clarifying that when we get a little bit further in, but with 7%, we'll see how we do. If we'd see 7%, then we still got a good shot at that for the full year. If we come in at 7%, it's going to be tough to make the full year guidance because of the hole we had in May.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. So, it really was the May over May. So, we had a really good June. Obviously, we've talked about how strong July was.
James Joseph Murren: I did, David. This is Jim. This of course would be fully discussed, debated, vetted by the board. So I'm just sharing with you my view is at this point in time. I've been here 19 years, we've done both. We've bought back a lot of stock, we've paid special dividends, we've paid an annual dividend and it's my bias toward a regular dividend, because I'd like to establish a recurring disciplined approach toward returning cash to shareholders. But I might get voted by Dan and the board might – we'll talk about it. So, my inclination is, and our emphasis at MGM is to continue to improve our balance sheet, continue to show demonstrable progress to the rating agencies, continue to see a path to investment-grade which we think is within our grasp. And as that occurs, we develop additional discipline of developing a plan of returning cash to shareholders. It may result in share repurchases, it may be special dividends, but my inclination at this point in time knowing what I know about our business and this industry would be to establish and perpetuate a regular quarterly dividend.
Grant R. Bowie: Actually, July was very, very solid, continue to show that strengthening. And I think the critical point is that, it's also deepening in terms of the quality of the customer and the new signups in the performance, and that's I guess, what's really pleasing to us is, we're seeing returning frequency of non-customers, but we're starting to see some significant incremental new customers coming into the mix, so that's really a good sign.
Grant R. Bowie: I guess, I'll just focus on ourselves, because I think that's probably the one I know best about. I guess from our perspective is that we just really and continued and being focused for a long time, Harry, on understanding that it's about the way we manage the metrics and the way we actually work the database. And I think it's about maintaining the relationship, maintaining the service levels and ensuring that you continue to offer something. It's not just about the gaming. We're very, very aware and as you heard earlier from Jim, we're a leader in all facets of our business and that's absolutely true here in Macau as we diversify. It's one thing to keep on adding these non-gaming facilities, but they're actually going to be adding to the overall experience for our customers and I think that's what we're really being able to do. The recruitment and the signups and the retention of our customers, has always been our focus. We've always been really strong with that and we've retained those customers, we maintain relationships with them and despite the fact that there may be new products and new offers coming into the marketplace, they've chosen to stay with us because of the overall package that we're providing. We know that's critical for us moving into Cotai and it's about now building the base and deepening the market segmentation as I said earlier, and we're starting to see some of that positive indicators. I think all the operators in Macau are chasing the same business, but I think, we've worked really hard over many years now to put the systems in place to sustain ourselves. As the smallest in the market, we just have to do everything better, harder and faster than anybody else and I'm really proud of the team for that.
Grant R. Bowie: I think the critical point is, is that we're in conversations and we'll continue to be with the government, and I think, we are working hard to make sure that we put everything in place and meet all of their requirements and objectives and therefore, we are still positive and we are still confident that we can deliver the outcomes that we are looking for. But I think it's premature for us to stop talking, we've got a lot of things to do and got a lot of hurdles to jump, but we are pretty positive that we have put all the right steps and all the right components in place.
Grant R. Bowie: We're still going through the details of that as we keep on adjusting, but we're in the numbers of about 500 to 550.
Grant R. Bowie: Of head count that we're carrying at the moment particularly in table games that will move to Cotai. Yes.
Grant R. Bowie: So, for the current property, we're just sitting at about 5,800 and in the first phase for Cotai, because we'll be gearing up over a period of time, it's basically a similar number.
Grant R. Bowie: I wouldn't say that we've banked any tables, but in terms of maximizing the utilization, we're probably in the order of 100, 150.
Grant R. Bowie: (53:10) depending on we could move capacity because we still have some utilization that we can build here, but we're actually trying to find more locations to put more tables on that floor, and so we continue to do that. But if we have to be reallocating tables, we could probably do that.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. I think we'd still be up, Harry, because a lot of the – the way the ConAgra and the citywide is booked, not all the rooms are necessarily on the books right now. So, I don't have those numbers in front of me, but I feel pretty comfortable that we'd be up still.
Corey I. Sanders: Harry, one other quick follow-up, excluding the first quarter, we're up 5% in pace for 2017, so that's another way to look at it.
Corey I. Sanders: Our group business is solid and majority of it continues to be in corporate. We're close to 60% of our business being corporate. And what's different is, there are 1,000 plus groups, very strong in this, particularly (35:35) financial are our main groups. There have been small cancellations, but we've been able to offset them with in the year, for the year bookings. So, we've been reading the same material, we just don't see it. We feel pretty comfortable when we talk to our sales people constantly just to get a barometer on their – they continue to increase their bookings, so that's what we're seeing here.
Corey I. Sanders: Even on 2018, we're really comfortable where we are from a pace perspective. We're actually a little bit down from the same time last year, but to a point where we're actually comfortable what's on the books right now, really it's one-year to two-year booking period. When you look at 2018, 2019, in total, we're actually up in those years. So I think, long-term, we're pretty comfortable what we're seeing on the book.
Corey I. Sanders: And the other thing I would add, we will take our PGP initiatives and we've already actually given them to them. And some of those of our initiatives will be implemented also. And talking to the Borgata guys, because they've been here, this is the one tool they've been missing in their mind was in order to compete – I mean, they compete well obviously in Atlantic City, but can compete against Caesars, they never had that Las Vegas presence. And so they really needed this as a huge tool for them.
Corey I. Sanders: They may win a little bit, but between their cost structure and everything and they may drive a lot of volume, we would probably change the way we deal with those customers.
