Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Andrew, and good afternoon, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. We've decided to change our approach to these calls in the new year to give you a more focused recap of our results with additional color and commentary around our plans for the future. With that in mind, I'll start the call with a discussion of the quarter and our growth algorithm and then pass it over to Bill for his comments.  As you saw from our press release, we delivered another record quarter across our company's consolidated businesses, generating record net revenues of $4.4 billion, up 13% from last year, net income of $217 million and adjusted EBITDAR of over $1.2 billion. During the quarter, cash provided by operating activities was $549 million and free cash flow was $377 million. This includes MGM China's $215 million in cash flow from operating activities and $15 million in capital expenditures. In Las Vegas, we achieved 4% net revenue growth supported by strong ADRs, which were up 7% year-over-year. Our luxury resort offerings on the Strip served as a distinct competitive advantage, driving top line growth up 5% during the quarter. Looking ahead to the rest of the year, rate is pacing ahead of prior year for each of the remaining three quarters and group rooms on the books are up year-over-year. In the regions, it's no surprise that our businesses were broadly impacted by poor winter weather in January. That said, we experienced a quick recovery in February and acceleration into March. This also will be the last quarter where we need to adjust for same-store results as Gold Strike closed in February of last year. In Macau, we lapped what was really the start of the recovery last year and achieved another record with net revenues up 71% year-over-year. MGM China earned its first ever $300 million quarter in adjusted property EBITDA, along with market share of 17% surpassing the previous record set in the fourth quarter. Given the strength in MGM China's operating performance over the past 15 months, MGM China and MGM Resorts both agree there is no longer a need for MGM to support its liquidity. And in March, the subordinated loan agreement was terminated. Further, the revolving credit facility has been nearly paid down and dividend payments have been resumed with approximately $94 million to be paid to MGM Resorts in the second quarter, all very encouraging. Aligned with our ongoing commitment to fortify our balance sheet and bolster liquidity, we recently completed the closing on the offering of $750 million of senior notes due 2032 at 6.5%. These proceeds were used to repay our [ 6.75% ] 2025 notes. Sarah Rogers and her team did an exceptional job, and the refinancing not only extends our liquidity profile but reduces our interest expense annually. Finally, in Japan, along with our partner, Orix, our venture closed on the JPY 530 billion project financing for MGM's Osaka Integrated Resort. This was the largest project financing ever in Japan and one of the most significant integrated resort financings globally. With this important milestone achieved, we'll continue to develop as soon to be iconic resort. We also bought back over $500 million of shares in the quarter, and as of yesterday, we've reduced our outstanding float to 313 million shares, 37% fewer than the start of 2021. I'll close with a summary of our financial growth algorithm. Our resort operations generate both significant and recurring cash flow. In 2023, cash provided by operating activities was $2.7 billion and free cash flow was $1.8 billion, of which MGM China accounted for $830 million of net cash from operating activities and $45 million of capital expenditures. This implies around $1 billion of free cash flow domestically. We expect to see benefit soon from our digital business with BetMGM beginning to generate significant free cash flow in the next couple of years and LeoVegas beginning to generate returns from its investment period. This free cash flow generation will fund future growth and opportunities where I expect minimum mid-teens returns. This includes international digital expansion as well as brick-and-mortar development. In the longer term, we have an enviable pipeline of limited license development projects in New York, Japan and potentially the United Arab Emirates which will drive free cash flow growth over the next decade while also diversifying our geographic reach and earnings sources. Any excess cash generated beyond these projects within the constraints of our financial policy will be returned to shareholders through share buybacks. Collectively, we see this algorithm is driving the compound annual growth rate of free cash flow per outstanding share to be the mid-teens through 2028. And all while investing in the Japan Integrated Resort. Bill, over to you. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, Joe, it's Jonathan. I'll offer a couple of observations. First, as you noted in the [ premise ] of the question, it is early. I mean, we're off to a great start with over 130,000 rooms booked. We've actualized over 50,000 of those so far. What we're seeing now is a higher premium then we had figured when we were going into this deal, breaks down between rate and the on-property spend. But between the two of those, right now, it's around $150 higher than the rooms that we believe are being displaced by this occupancy. About 100 or so of that is on rate and about $50 premium on on-property spend. So that's all with the caveats around it being early, but that's what we're seeing. And I'll offer one comment and then maybe Bill or Corey want to comment on the group side of this equation and that is that it really is the leisure customers that we're displacing coming through other channels, but they are across all of the businesses, including our regional properties. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. I appreciate the question. Clearly, we can't comment on anything like those reports you referenced. But look, we're always looking at the portfolio and to understand how it fits in overall with that strategically. Things that are very important include market positioning in markets that we believe have strong potential for growth. Overall scale because this is a business where most of our properties, including our regional properties are doing north of $200 million annually EBITDAR. So scale matters. And then finally, the way in which all of our properties interact with the whole importation of business into Las Vegas, the linkage with our digital businesses, et cetera. But those are the general lenses through which we look at the portfolio and how they fit in with the strategy. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, is the simple answer. As we look not only to the leading indicators that we have in our book of business, but also the initiatives that we have underway. And yes, we are confident that we can grow EBITDAR in Las Vegas this year. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Chad. And again, I apologize for the interruption there. Yes, we did $500 million in the first quarter. It will be programmatic for the remainder of the year. That being said, we are looking at some upcoming equity investments later this year and into 2025 in our project in Japan. So that will certainly have some bearing on our share repurchase activity. But we do have, by our calculation about $1.2 billion in excess cash right now. And so at these values, share repurchases will continue to be a meaningful part of our capital allocation program. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. We believe that the domestic operations can continue to grow, both in Las Vegas and the regions in the mid-single digits over that time frame. Now that's organic growth. We do have plans for some additional growth capital investment in Las Vegas mainly, which would  increase that growth rate. We think the growth rate is that or higher in our China operations. And then the reason we use the 2028 time frame is in that time frame, while that would capture our expected investments in the New York market, it would not capture the returns on the investment in Japan. But we just think that, right now, a 5-year time frame that's what we use for our internal planning, and that's what we think is reasonable to introduce when we talk about our compound annual growth rate of free cash flow per share. 
Jonathan Halkyard: I think it's also notable to mention that we had about 1 million sign-ups for MGM rewards during the quarter, an all-time record, 600,000 of those came from BetMGM. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. We, right now, I think we'll be able to grow EBITDAR in Las Vegas in each of the next three quarters. And you're correct to note that the third quarter will probably represent greater growth relative to the second and the fourth quarter, primarily because of the incident last year. And then on the capital question. 
Corey Sanders: Yes. In the properties, I mean, it's pretty -- they're booking throughout the portfolio. Probably Bellagio's leading, and we're actually seeing some pickup even in our legacy properties. In addition, the other area where we're seeing some pretty nice pickup is Borgata. So we're very pleased with what we're seeing across the portfolio. 
Corey Sanders: Yes, I'll start, and John, if you want to add in. In the quarter, our convention mix was up, but also with the Marriott integration, we definitely strategically looked at reducing our lower end of that casino base. And so we definitely -- we believe that we got the revenue back in the hotel in the convention base for the lost revenue on the slot side there. 
Corey Sanders: I'll cover it. March was an exceptional month as we saw it play really come back and the exit margin there was at 35%. 
Corey Sanders: Chinese New Year's was good. And on the high-end side, we probably saw for the first time since COVID some more million-dollar customers than we've seen in the past, which is positive. We're still only about 55% of where we were in China on the high end from 2019. But even last -- a few weeks ago, we had a group come in for the Masters. They came to Vegas first, and they're going to send them to the [ master ]. So we're seeing some positive results there. 
William Hornbuckle: And as it relates to group, Joe, we've gotten tens of thousands of referrals. And the fascinating thing is we didn't know, and we thought we're pretty good at this, we have been historically, but we didn't know 80% of those referrals. And the vast majority of that business is going midstream. MGM has been so far -- again, it's very early, the biggest beneficiary of bookings into the group segment. And so we have 13 GSOs, they have 1,300 literally. So it's meaningful. 
William Hornbuckle: And Joe, I'll only add one other thing. And those properties that demonstrate beyond just organic growth, real growth potential at some point for various -- each property is a little different, so for various reasons. But if they don't demonstrate that, then we have potentially a different view. 
William Hornbuckle: I'll take that first part of that. So when it comes to BetMGM, if you will, I think your comments are pretty relatively spot on, we want to see the product development as it comes out throughout the balance of the year. I think the idea -- we've all talked about the idea of leaning in, if we think where we need to be and want to be by end of the year, particularly through football and beyond. Obviously, for the first quarter, I think digital for all of us was a little rough. Nobody wanted a Super Bowl bet, no one seemed to win a March Madness bet. We're not alone in that. But all that said, I think the plan that we had put forward in discussions to date, you can hold true on. As it relates to longer, there are obviously -- particularly with things like Angstrom and product deliverable, there's a lot to be done that can be done. We're pushing 40-odd states in terms of sports betting. Obviously, iGaming is the real opportunity over time. Arguably, we're all in fix. I think we operate in five and three that really make a difference. And so there's huge upside to that potential. And we continue to try to push for that each and every day. If you think about then the digital side of our other business, meaning the LeoVegas business, it is about the extension of BetMGM's brand and what it could mean in certain established markets. And the focus on places like South America of note and LATAM, we see long-term real growth potential there if we can get ourselves established in the proper regulated markets. And so none of that happens overnight, as you know, but like what we've done in terms of positioning like the products that we have and the foundation we've built, particularly there and some of the things we were bought to add going down the road there to stabilize that business and to own all of that business. And so we're excited by that. 
William Hornbuckle: I didn't on purpose. There are some contemplated tuck-ins coming down the road. But for now, I'm just going to leave it at that. I think I stated on the earlier call, we're anxious to solidify something in sports. We like content businesses. We're anxious to get into the live dealer business. And so none of that's changed. And so I think you'll see us over the course of time here, do things that will further solidify that strategy and get us deeper into those objectives. 
William Hornbuckle: Yes. Look, I think Stella, their new CEO, is the breath of fresh air. She's been extremely transparent, she took Adam Greenblatt, who is the CEO of BetMGM to India to get under the covers, to meet with the design development teams. So she had him speak at a town hall about the importance of BetMGM and all that mattered and so we're excited by that. We think it's movement in the right direction, and it's something that, frankly, heretofore hadn't happened. And so that's all affirmative and positive. Everyone is agreeing to the road map. It's an extensive road map on product development, and it's going to take some time and energy and some investment, particularly in Entain's behalf, and they're fully supportive of that. And so yes, I think things have changed, and I think for the much better. 
William Hornbuckle: Let me deflect to Kenny and/or Hubert here. I think most of it was tied to hold in January, but gentlemen, correct me if I'm wrong. 
William Hornbuckle: Yes. Well, there's a couple of potential things. Look, obviously, not that California is going to happen anytime soon. But if California were our other large markets, Texas, et cetera, Georgia, it could probably be another one you could put into this boat. We would be aggressive there, like I think all others would be, and so that would take some capital. And so we would never say never to be clear. And I'm speaking on behalf of MGM in terms of its growth and what it wants to do with that business. And so I think for now, as we think about this year, the plan that we put forward is going to hold. If we get product really right, we see an opportunity to lean in, we will. I don't necessarily know what it will do to the cash. It won't be meaningful. And so only some other or some acquisition comes along that we think BetMGM might be ripe for. But I think the way to think about it is the projection we have out there is probably a pretty safe projection for now. 
William Hornbuckle: I think at least in terms of the market, I think UAE will come to fruition. I think there's enough indicators there enough work has been done to recognize that either Abu Dhabi of note or one of the other Emirates will come to life. Obviously, [ Winn ] has got a project in the ground and is waiting for national legislation and regulatory framework. So I think that would be the most affirmative. Thailand is interesting. Obviously, it's fully within the government's control and hands at this point. The dialogue to date has been encouraging. We will see the cost to do business there, the margins that could be had would be compelling, very. But again, I don't want to get ahead of that curve. And Texas is -- if there's two or three states left in the U.S. that are meaningful, it's one of them. And so there's four big cities that have been talked about there without giving strategy. Everyone's got positioning and eyes on one of them as do we. And so we continue to follow that. But I wouldn't look for anything immediate there either, frankly, particularly in terms of brick-and-mortar. 
William Hornbuckle: I think the notion of omnichannel and the notion of people that play back and forth is about 15% of BetMGM's database give or take. Until we get this single account, single wallet in Nevada, I don't think it's as meaningful as it could and potentially will be. I think that can be very meaningful long term for us because it's a unique position we would have here, particularly over the other leading contenders in this space. And obviously, we see a whole bunch of visitors every year here who have intent. And so for things like Super Bowl, et cetera, it would be important. But we have done a meaningful job and a good job in Super Bowl is the example of inviting, reaching out and making sure that BetMGM's VIP clientele are well catered to, and we hosted several of them during that event in particular, private party tickets to the game, et cetera. And so that activity will continue. It's really when we get single account, single wallet set up, and some more connectivity between MGM Rewards and BetMGM's loyalty system that you really see some traction. 
William Hornbuckle: Yes, I'm sorry, Robin. I often never [indiscernible]. I will go through that in some detail next quarter. And I think you'll find it all very interesting. And so if you could give me the privilege of that time, that would be great. 
William Hornbuckle: I make a macro comment. The challenge with China right now, we're about 30% recovered in terms of volume of people to fly in and out of China, if you have to fly over Russia, there's an economic burden if you can't fly over Russia. And so that puts pressure on packaging, tour, leisure, et cetera. And so until that's resolved, i.e., Ukraine, I think that challenge is going to exist. I had the good fortune of being in China about a month ago. I actually had the good fortune of meeting with President Xi and talking about this very subject. He is open to people to people exchange as he referenced it in a meaningful way. But I think we all have that bit of a hurdle. And then Corey, I don't know Chinese New Years was good, but go ahead. 
William Hornbuckle: Barry, if I could answer that, I wouldn't. But there's always interesting things. Vegas, we have a full plate as you know. And so -- look, the good news is we're in a position that we get advised news of most things that are happening out there. But no, there's nothing imminent that sits there as gee, wouldn't it be great to have at this point in time. So that's why we're focused on new markets and our digital business. And then ultimately, because this just leads into this, what's left with a lot of free cash flow is continue to buy back shares to get back to shareholders if we just don't think there's anything better to do with the cash. And we've done a lot of that. So I think it speaks to our -- obviously, the comps from [indiscernible] was extremely accretive, and we look for those, but there are not a lot of them out there. 
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for joining us. Sorry for the glitch in the middle of this. We're not sure exactly what happened on either side. As we talked about, obviously, a well-balanced portfolio. We think we've got great pillars in the ground in these four specific locations, Las Vegas, Regional, Macau and Digital. We think if you think about Las Vegas, we have luxury, we have convention, we have value. And we're literally in the epicenter of the entertainment offerings, both current and future. And so we're very excited by that. While we are third in digital, in BetMGM, we are #1 in brick-and-mortar operators who have entered this space. And so this is a highly competitive space. We're excited by where we are and what we're trying to get to. Much work to be done there and frankly, some catch-up to be done there. And we recognize it as well as our partner does. And so we're excited by that. We'll keep you all posted as New York and hopefully, UAE become a reality and same with Thailand and/or Texas. And in the interim, and I just said it earlier, but to the extent we have free growing cash flow, and we do, we'll continue to return it to shareholders when we don't there's anything better to do with the cash. So I thank you all, and have a great evening. 
Xiaofeng Feng: Yes. You were right. And we have also had some VIP place in January. So that was a major reason that we reached 20% market share in January, but definitely [ all of all ] is in mid-teens as we always said in our previous calls. 
Xiaofeng Feng: Yes. I think like basically, as we always said, in our cause, we are targeting about like a high 20s, around 30% of our EBITDA margin. Based on the current business trends, we feel comfortable with such kind of expectations. 
Xiaofeng Feng: I just want to add a little bit in like -- actually, we had this technology already in 2016. People are always asking how we are leading this market? Why we are recovering in this way after COVID? I just want to make a little bit of comment on that. What differentiates us in the market is really -- most is a company-wide from the senior management, we possess a deep outstanding of our customers, particularly the premium mass from their culture, their habit, behavior background profile, even their home province and the dialects.  China is a vast country with a huge supply of nearly everything like a cutting edge technology like various hospitality products. In the past three years, we didn't waste our time and kept innovating and refreshing our products, our services to meet the ever-changing customer expectations. So we are doing that. We just launched two Casino [ F&B ] outlets in April, which has been well received on the social media and by customers. Basically, all the team members here, we encourage all of you to visit us in person, seeing is believing. So when you come, we can walk you through all the details, initiatives implemented in the past few years that we have done. I think that's my comment about our performance competitiveness. 
