Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Gary. And good morning and welcome to MGM Resorts International's first quarter conference call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com. A replay of the call and electronic copy of the investor presentation we will refer to during today's call is available on the company's website. We furnished our press release this morning on Form 8-K with the SEC. And on this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in the company's periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Our third quarter continues to pace pretty strong, Harry. Fourth quarter is probably our toughest comp for the year, but that being said, we feel pretty good about how October and November is shaping up from a convention standpoint. And we think the back half of the year will be as good as the first half.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And Joe, the other benefit that we're seeing that we don't count in these PGP numbers is just a laser focus on the operations efficiency. So just to give you an idea, we're down about 1,400 FTEs and probably 60% of that is PGP, the rest is purely operators being very focused on our proper staffing levels and making sure that we're as effective as possible.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure Carlo, much like last year, we've seen good strong pricing in convention and leisure is right behind actually, in overall pricing and that trend has continued. Corey got – getting through the details right now, but definitely leisure and convention had been our two strongest segments.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah. I mean if you look at our, what we're expecting from our websites and call centers, that number ADR impact will actually be higher than the guidance, we've given. And that's because, the solid book of base that we have. So that looks pretty strong, leisure channel looks strong, I mean it's pretty consistent across the board.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, maybe I'll tackle one of them. And Corey, will probably tackle the F&B, but on entertainment for instance, we made a strategic decision obviously, on our entertainment focus where that line item is down year-over-year, but that decision was when we teamed up AEG to build the new T-Mobile Arena, part of that deal beginning with this year on the opening was the MGM Grand Garden would become part of that joint venture. And so, it's part of that joint venture that now is a least entity within the MGM complex. And so, we no longer report the revenues of all those events and that revenue is now basically just a minimum leased stream and that's in partnership now with the new T-Mobile Arena. We obviously manage the day-to-day and all of the programming at the arenas, but it's part of that joint venture. So, there is some strategic decisions that we've made that obviously, has caused some of that shift. Obviously, we've had the showroom down at Monte Carlo for the new Monte Carlo Theater that will come online later this month, I mean later this year. And then in the first quarter, we also had for an extended period of time, The Love Show Was Dark over at The Mirage as we are making some modifications to the show and some enhancements with our third partners there, during the first quarter. So, we had a few less in-house shows during the first quarter.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure, Shaun. Our guidance as far as what we gave on our last call has not changed materially in any respects. We got about – over in Macau, we got about $1.5 billion in CapEx planned over the next 12 months. And largely those dollars, obviously, are all for MGM Cotai in getting that property to its completion by the end of Q1 next year. And that's how we see the largest CapEx development on the table right now. National Harbor for the full year is pacing about $650 million to its completion by the end of this year, in terms of its overall cash needs and our maintenance and growth within our properties is roughly running in kind of a $425 million to $450 million range for this year. Springfield will probably be, the first order of business is, obviously, the site remediation and site prep work that the team is undertaking there and the first real construction dollars, will be focused on building the parking garage there, over the next 12 months to 14 months and that will probably be about $100 million to $125 million in CapEx for Springfield.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah. So I think what we're seeing is, we held pretty well in Baccarat, the Far East is still hanging in there, although still struggling a little bit. But our national play is strong and you're seeing that in the non-Baccarat not only drop, but win.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Our rated domestic play has been up about 7% in the first quarter, offset by a decline in our international rated play.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: We're actually a cash tax payer today, not at the full rate given our foreign tax credits, but we're actually a cash tax payer today. And the NOLs are pretty minimal at this point in time, it's really based on our foreign tax credit at this point in time.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: On JV EBITDA and their contribution. So as you know, we don't give EBITDA guidance. What we did do in the investor deck is we did highlight some things for you to consider as you're modeling out, some of the impacts at the joint venture level. CityCenter comes to mind, obviously with the Crystal sale, that will be discontinued ops as you saw in the first quarter going forward. There'll also be a gain on the sale of Crystals in the second quarter and there is some final depreciation adjustments in the Zarkana Theater for April that will hit the second quarter as well. We laid all those out in the investor deck. I think the important thing to note on these joint ventures is, when you look at CityCenter, you look at Borgata, these are balance sheets that are less than four times leveraged. They are throwing off a significant free cash flow and that is a huge opportunity for the owners of these assets going forward and obviously, we own both 50% of Borgata and CityCenter. And I just saw with the Crystals dividend, I think you will see more dividends and more free cash flow opportunities from these joint ventures going forward, more so than we have in the past.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thanks, Steve. And, Gary, I think that brings us to our allotted time of an hour. I know we got started a little bit late, but we're clearly and obviously around all day-to-day to enter any follow-up questions and we greatly appreciate, everyone, for joining the call with us this morning.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. Harry, the actual second quarter looks really strong and actually the third quarter even looks better just from a convention base. We're looking at significant increases in rooms. In both those cases, the price increases also, they're decent given where we are in the market. So I think, when you look at that base and look at where the leisure and FIT's booking, we feel pretty strong about where we are right now.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. I think when you look at it from a percent of mix on 2016 will beat 2015, which was a record year and take us to a new number mark, as a percent of convention. And we're doing that with the additional space at Mandalay Bay, but we are still constrained to some degree in peak periods of how much space we could rent. And so we'll continuously look for opportunities to move business around and also invest in opportunities to continue to feed that business.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. I think in the deck, we go through a lot of those examples, Joe and everything from airplanes, to wine up-sells, to room up sells, to how we manage labor. We're about 45%, 50% – 45% revenue, 55% expense right now. When it's fully implemented, we expect to be a third on the revenue and two-thirds on the cost. So there is still some opportunities on the cost projects that take a little bit longer to see the flow through, but we're extremely pleased with the way our teams are performing and have stood up to the challenge.
Corey I. Sanders: So I think that trend is very consistent across the hotel industry right now, where you're seeing that business increased significantly, and for many reasons including the investments, that Expedia's put in. They are a very strong partner for us, I think there are opportunities with websites and our royalty program, to shift some of that business and that would obviously increase our RevPAR. I think we're constantly looking at it. We're strategically looking at it. I know some of the bigger chains have been very aggressive and how to attack that. I'm not sure that we believe that's the right strategy, how we use them with our other – with our FIT and convention strategy in maximizing RevPAR that way.
Corey I. Sanders: And Shaun, what I would say is, you're right. We are strategically looking at our business and slot is a perfect example, where we're actually up in the tough market, but we're really driving the bottom-line. And we're up almost $12 million in profitability in slots. On food and beverage, we're seeing pretty good spending trends there. When you have more convention business, some of that goes into the catering line. So, the restaurants are doing fairly well. We'll keep adjusting based on the changing market needs, I think The Park is the perfect example of that, the outlets in The Park are medium--priced, approachable. And we're seeing a lot of that, especially in Vegas to be able to give a diverse variety and change out some of the restaurants to adjust to where the market is now, but in general, I think we're pretty happy with this spend, we're being strategic about it, we're making sure that we make as much profitability, that's our main focus, and then to drive the top-line with that goal – that's where we're focused on right now.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. I think it's general across the whole property. We're seeing increases not only in revenue, but there are probably – we've always had our luxury properties benefit probably the most from the PGP and so, you're seeing it on the expense side also. Slots have actually an all-time record in the slots for the first quarter. So they are just – it's quick in on all engines, I think the properties never been better, the upgrades we've made with the restaurants and the facility have all been well received. We have some new executives in there that are really clicking and really taking the property to the next level. So I think when we look at it and you look at the margin there, the margins are always been right up there, with any luxury property in town and then now it's beginning to outpace any property even by that much more.
Corey I. Sanders: And the other thing I would add, Jim, is we are really focused on centers of excellence and bringing new skill sets into our industry, including areas like analytics where the industry has done an okay job, but now we're going into much more advanced analytics, that help us match our forecasts with our labor needs, with our customer service needs, and we're very focused on constantly improving that customer service experience.
Corey I. Sanders: We just hired Elisa and was not just hired, she has been here probably like six months. Elisa Gois, she came from Host Marriott, no, just Host, right.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. And we're happy to have her here to stand up an analytics team. Now what we used to do is we used to have analytics teams at every property with a multiple layers of people. So the FTE cuts, that you are seeing here are more strategic, more business-oriented and more permanent and they're relating to inefficiencies of an old way of doing business, compared to new technologies, new methodologies that are out there for us today.
Corey I. Sanders: 16? That's a smart move. So when we put the two big acquisitions together, we had some big high-level things we knew we needed to accomplish and we did, but from the ground up here, this is a very different program. And I think the next question was on CityCenter.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, we are. And also remember – yeah, we have more on the books in 2017 than we do now. And remember ARIA is adding 200,000 square foot – square feet of convention space and we're able to repurpose some of our other spaces here. Remember also with T-Mobile as a new asset, a really important asset in the market that frees up Mandalay's Event Center and sometimes MGM for more conference space. So, we have over 3 million square feet of convention space here in Las Vegas. We obviously, vastly exceed our competitors. And we have more on the way and we have the ability with the great sales team to move stuff around. So, we fully expect to have a better year in 2017 on the convention business than we do this year.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah, I'm just looking at something Chris Nordling gave me, it's across every single department, right Chris. I mean, we're getting revenue profit growth in our casino departments, look at our slot revenue by the way. Here much more money we're making in our slot department than frankly our competitors or how we used to do. There is an example. In our Hotel Division, our Entrainment Division. Retail which was never a particularly great department for us is a record year last year. Last year and it's off to a great start here. Our F&B profits, where we cut G&A. And really, it's across the board and Chris, how many people do you have working in the PMO office on this.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. That's a good point, Corey. I just can't over emphasize how unique the Las Vegas market is, and how different we are versus the broader U.S. And Expedia is another dimension of saying the same thing which is we're Expedia's largest customer here, and we have a very good relationship with them as well. And they know that we're the home team, we have 42,000 rooms here, no one anywhere in any market has as many rooms or has the higher percentage of rooms as we do in a rapidly growing market like Las Vegas. So, we have a lot of programs, we work with all of our vendors that maximize and actually start with the basic philosophy that Las Vegas market is unique and you cannot look at the Las Vegas market like you look at New York. We have no new supply coming online of any major extent. We have rising visitation, we have improving room product, because of renovations we and our competitors are making, and we're a vital, vital market on the global landscape. So I read about what's the some of the other companies are having, we don't share that angst, but we're having a very good relationship and we're seeing growth in revenue in all of our channels, FIT, our retail business, our leisure business and we're able to do that, because of our unprecedentedly strong convention business.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. Maybe, just to sum those two good points up. We have meetings constantly on revenue per occupied room. Total revenue per occupied room and profit per occupied room. So, where we find opportunities to drive revenue and profit, even if it means shifting out of some departments into others, we will do that. And that would be something, I think you should focus on going forward as our revenue and our profit per occupied room, which is rising and that's a result of a lot of these investments that we're making in areas where we think the consumer is going to be more receptive to spend money.
James Joseph Murren: And by the way, a lot of us were just down at National Harbor. It's awesome. It is really unbelievable. So, take a look at the investor deck and see – usually when you do a rendering, that building doesn't turn out like the rendering, but you could see how we're following the vision here and the level of excitement. We're going to have over 40,000 applications for those jobs that we're going to hire at the end of this year. And the workflows that we're seeing out of our great National Harbor team have been really spectacular. And the creativeness is going to be outstanding and the building is coming out really remarkably well.
James Joseph Murren: Thanks for that, Mr. President. We're going to say middle of December and we're targeting for some date that Bill might have mentioned.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. And I'm just looking at some other things. China was – our play from China-source play was still down a lot and Chinese New Year was slow as a result of that. But as Corey mentioned, our other non-China Asian business, we've had good – much better results out of Japan, other parts of the Far East and that has helped, ARIA did very well and obviously we have a very large marketing team. So I think of course, we have the largest marketing team. So we've been able to move our emphasis on markets, where we feel like there is more fertile territory for developing customers, that has had an impact and we've been focusing more on domestic play.
James Joseph Murren: Well, Robin, when we gave that guidance, we thought we'd do around 6% in the first quarter. So, we're ahead of that pace at this point in time. So, I would have to say that if anything we – our confidence level has increased significantly since we gave that last guidance.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. I'll tackle the first one and then – and anyone jump in on that. Interesting insight. And I think there is some points of comparison, but more I frankly more stark contrasts, so when MGM and Mirage combined back in 2000, it was really a focus on eliminating duplicate positions, eliminating duplicate corporate functions, consolidating areas that had been completely utterly independent and then to a degree that we were able to do 16 years ago, try to use a larger scale for better procurement and it really was more, I think, a function of some one-time if you look at it, savings, it really impacted positively, impacted the margins of Mirage Resorts in the year, so post the May 2000 acquisition. Then fast forward to the Mandalay Resort Group, we basically did the same thing. What we did here was, from the very beginning, we were conscious not to try to do – go down that path. We already felt that our labor is at one point, the largest variable cost. Our labor expenses were reasonable. We have been tracking FTEs since The Mirage acquisition days and our FTEs have been flat to down, and more importantly, we look at labor in a lot of other metrics, labor per occupied room, labor per food cover, labor in a ways that would show and I think we're going to have an Investor Day coming up that will show you that, our labor costs have been decreasing along the way. So, in this case, in the PGP, it was really challenging ourselves to do things very, very differently, where – how we procure. What kind of procurement policies do we put into place, how do we pay for our product? What kind of terms can we generate? We've been reducing the number of vendors that we deal with in every channel going from dozens of different vendors to a handful, and what that does to stability of product and pricing. Looking at more thoughtfully, how our volumes are being generated and using technology that did not exist in 2000 to schedule and use our buildings more efficiently, making investments, we didn't buy any planes when we bought Mirage, we sold planes. We bought planes, not because we needed new planes, because we needed more efficient planes and the planes that we have today, the only fleet of its kind in this industry operates at half the operating costs of the traditional fleet and that's important, when you're spending hundreds of hours a year per plane flying customers into Las Vegas. And looking at really how we are leveraging also different game types, different products on the casino floor, I have to say it's a very different program than we had before. And I think that it really speaks to – and I could tell you as someone that was there on both deals. We didn't have a 42-man and women PMO office that was reaching out. We didn't have [Bain] initially. We didn't use the resources that are available today to change the culture of our company. And so I would think that did we – did we have expense creep, which is kind of part of the question, probably after The Mirage acquisition. When everything was great, we're having record years in 2005 and 2006 and 2007, and we thought we were really smart and we turned out that there are a lot of things we could have done better, but this is a very different program and we're using technology more than we ever did before.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. I think when we made – I think we made it well – remember, when we made our 30% target goal, we also said at that time that this company MGM Resorts would be an investment-grade company in a very short period of time. Obviously, with these two major transactions, the Crystals and the MGP transaction, we've accelerated that timetable even further, that combined with the dividend potential of all of our enterprises including MGM China as soon as MGM Cotai is opened, and the free cash flow we're generating, gives us great comfort that we're going to get there in a really relatively short period of time.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. We've had better attendance on these shows than we had predicted. We have had far greater activation by the sponsors. They are hosting their own parties, whether it's obviously T-Mobile itself or Toshiba or the other main sponsors, that generates not only revenues for the joint ventures, but activation in the area. We've seen tremendous numbers out of the Beer Garden and the leased venues that are along the park. We've seen improved gaming numbers at both New York-New York, and The Monte Carlo, slots and table volumes are up, and specifically event-driven tremendously. And it's not just in that finite area, it's radiating around, so if you go around at New York-New York to Tom's Urban for example, or go to The Nine Fine Irishmen or wrap around the corner in front of Monte Carlo, you're going to see double-digit gains over 20% gains in bars and lounge revenue and profit. So the foot traffic is up tremendously, we think that the programming, we've had some events in The Park itself, that have been really fun, activating The Park has its own place for art festivals and food festivals and that has generated – and by the way it's generated a lot of local interest as well. For us that live here in town, we know that you've really come to the Strip unless you're working like we are or you got someone from out of town visiting. But we're finding more and more locals coming down and going to Harlem Globetrotters or going to The Killers Concert or Billy Joel, and we got a big fight this weekend by the way, and we're activating The Plaza as well. So really extremely pleased with the result so far and it's got us very excited about the future of Monte Carlo, something that I've alluded to in prior calls. But we've taken a good look at this building and believe that amongst our entire portfolio, it has the most profit upside through a repositioning. And so we've been working as you know on that as well and there will be more to come and when we're prepared to talk about it.
James Joseph Murren: We are – we've been for the last five months undergoing an internal inventory review of our entire portfolio here. And what we don't want to do is, build and expand too rapidly and then not being able to fill that space going forward, we're just be – we're trying to be very thoughtful on to knowing what the trends are, which are extraordinary in 2016, 2017, 2018. But trying the guesstimate what we're going to be in 2018, 2019, 2020 and that's harder obviously. The one property that that stands above our others in terms of an obvious ones for growth of convention business is the MGM Grand. The MGM Conference Center was built the year I joined the company.
James Joseph Murren: And it was built and located, because there was going to be a development that would've more seamlessly connected the MGM Grand to the Conference Center, that development we stopped. And so, that's an area where there's no doubt given the 5,000 plus rooms, given its location proximity to the airport, it's brand, it could fill off a lot more convention space and the good news as you know about convention space, it's the least expensive space to build. And the ROI on the Mandalay Convention expansion is outstanding and we didn't talk about ROIs, but I'll just stand on this point, if you think about the way we're spending our capital today, because we have no intention to building a new full-scale resort here. We are spending a lot of money here, but in areas where we believe we'll have immediate, and very strong returns. And I would say the 5,300 seat theatre at Monte Carlo is a really good example of that. When that opens up next year, or late this year, Bill Hornbuckle has got a line of people, he'd kill me if I announce.
James Joseph Murren: He is reaching over the table, but believe me, Wynn, we're going to be able to announce a series of A-plus residency acts that will occupy that and make that investment, that $90 million investment, a very good return for us. So that is how we are viewing capital in the Las Vegas Strip, is looking for ways where we can build on our strengths and spend a manageable amounts of capital to drive above average returns and one of those areas where we think we can do that at the right location is in the convention space and I would say that MGM is on the top of that list.
William Joseph Hornbuckle: So, this is like a bunch of people in this room, sitting around a room and saying, could we dream up some stuff. There are 40 of our best and brightest men and women that have left their jobs internally within this company, going into a new job in this project management office and are driving with project leads that are even more senior to them, these would be property presidents, senior and executive vice presidents that are leading individual initiatives that are driving this effort. So, I don't, and by the way, the other message that's really important on this, that we learned from the best and brightest companies. This isn't something that has an end day. This should go and go on forever. We're not going to go back to the way we used to run our business or frankly the way most companies run their business. And this is, as in the Japanese term of Kaizen, means continuous improvement, that's the way we are running the company now.
William Joseph Hornbuckle: We're targeting December 9, but probably a month before we put a pin in it, but we're targeting December 9.
William Joseph Hornbuckle: No, no, no. I'm not ruining my Christmas holiday. I don't know about you, it will be opened before Christmas.
William Joseph Hornbuckle: Thanks, Grant. In context to the project, Jim and I and others, Dan will be out for a board meeting later this month. And we'll make yet again another assessment. We're roughly slated to finish construction end of October, early November and then remembering the last part of this process really resides with the relationship between signoffs between ourselves and the government, which pushes into we believe end of first quarter, that may trickle over that, but I think, we'll have some real clarity on that around the month once we have hands on view yet once again of where we are.
William Joseph Hornbuckle: And keep in mind, because it's sometimes frustrating to us, that Bellagio is not our only luxury property, it's not the only property that we dedicate our energies on our International and National Gaming business to, it has two other formidable competitors in ARIA and the MGM Grand. So, if you were to look at those properties and then obviously ARIA had a great quarter as well and as well as the Grand and think about how we're doing, vis-à-vis the marketplace in any aspect of the business. I think there could be only one conclusion is that – for this quarter at least and I think it's going to continue, MGM Resorts is the best operator in this town.
Grant R. Bowie: Well, at the moment, we particularly in gaming, and basically got all of them management, because management is in place, so it's probably around 500 FTEs.
Grant R. Bowie: It doesn't work quite like that, but it's a significant amount. It's probably maybe 25 basis points to 30 basis points in margin.
Grant R. Bowie: Okay. So, when we were talking about market conditions, I think the other critical point for us is the timing of all the projects both in terms of logically the ramping up periods and we are seeing some – the ramp up is taking a bit longer. And the other component of that is obviously recognizing that Macau government is sensitive to bringing the projects on at a particular price. So, we see some positive signs in the market in general. I think everyone is talking about stabilization and if you look at our numbers, our mass numbers are generating 86% of that EBITDA now. So, they're pretty strong. We had a really good April, so we're starting to see some traction and we are seeing collective quarters of that, so I think to get ourselves into that 2017, assuming that others get open as they say, they're going to get open, is probably good timing and then I'll turn it back to Bill to say, getting the project done.
Grant R. Bowie: So, on your first question. As I said, the end of April was really excited, gave us a good month. And then the Holiday has been quite good and is run through probably next two days or three days. So, we were all pretty satisfied, came out looking pretty good. The key issue for us was we saw some customers come back and we're applying at some really good rate. So, we're starting to see some traction with some increased volumes, that's what the trend that we're looking for. On the proxy betting, I think it's saying – it's going to be a government announcement in the next few days to clarify the situation with that. And clearly, our position will be that we will follow the direction of the government. As I said 86% of our EBITDA now comes out of the mass, so whatever happens in the notion of proxy, it will probably be yet another continuation of pressure for the junkets themselves, but it probably is not going to be that significant for any of the operators, certainly not significant – that significant for us.
