Corey Sanders: I think you hit all the key points Bill. I mean, obviously safety is a key thing. We want to avoid any spikes and numbers and things like that. So, we will deal with it cautiously and in general a lot of it will be demand driven. Just as a reminder, about 50% of the traffic coming into Las Vegas is from automobiles, and we do think there will be some pent up demand and as the opportunity comes about, we’ll definitely open up properties to maximize our cash flow.
Corey Sanders: What I would add Carlo is, MGM 2020 really is less than a year old. And as we stood up the COEs and centralized components of it, we've evolved since then. This closing has allowed us to really rethink that. And we think there's opportunities to become even more efficient. The other thing that MGM 2020 give us the discipline on is on our variable labor and staffing to business volume. So, we've become very disciplined, which is helping out tremendously in a time like this.
Corey Sanders: Carlo, it’s Corey. I'll take that. Look, I think the – based on the agreement we have with MGP, we really do have a long-dated option. We, as you mentioned, I think we feel really good about our liquidity position and it does give us – especially what we did last week, it gives us the ability to not be in any big rush. When – we'll transact when we believe it's the right time to transact and the right point and would whatever is the most efficient manner in it for us. So, and just as a reminder, MGP is a pretty important stock for us. We have over $5 billion of value in MGP.
Corey Sanders: I think, in general, we're going to be following a lot of protocols like many of our competitors are. We’ll have the supplies, the gear we'll need, the distancing we'll need, we're sizing that up right now on what that would mean is, how we open in all the jurisdictions. We should have a fairly good idea of that by the next time we talk. The other area, I think where we're going to probably see some decent play, especially in Las Vegas at a property like Bellagio, or any of our high-end is the high-end casino customer. As Bill mentioned, we have been in contact with them and they were the last to leave when we closed down. I have a feeling some of them will be back the day we open. So, that's positive, but I think the key for us to get our margins back up will be as that group business returns in what's strange is we still have quite a few rooms on the books for the back-half of the year. And as Bill mentioned, booking for next year has been very strong. And in particular, in comparing it to where we were at the same time last year looking at 2019 and 2018, which is more apples-to-apples, which was our best year, by the way, in convention room nights. We have more rooms on the books now for 2021 than we do – we did for 2019 at the same time in 2018.
Corey Sanders: We're still working on those numbers. We'll be able to give you some good ideas. I could tell you the regionals that will have more of an impact. The floors in Las Vegas were built 10, 15 years ago. And this is our chance to probably right size them with the proper distancing and positioning. The regionals will take a little bit more effort, and we'll be able to talk more about it in the next quarter.
Corey Sanders: And the only other thing I would add is, some of these jurisdictions might have limits to number of people in the building. And if that would be the case, our floor format would be adjusted for that.
Corey Sanders: Yes. Shaun, it’s Corey. Yes, we did agree to pledge our OP units as collateral under our revolver credit facility. We did not agree to any restrictions on our ability to monetize the units, though, so for cash. So, we are not limited in our ability to pursue, for example, the cash redemption of up to $1.4 billion or future other sales. There – in the amendment, it does provide that if we sell units under a certain level of falling below 30%, then incremental proceeds would have to be used to reduce the commitments as long as we're in this waiver period.
Corey Sanders: To Bill's point, everything – our main focus, especially on growth will be increasing our return on investment. Domestically, as Bill mentioned, outside of New York, the digital technology components have become big. And I think, as we open up in this environment, you'll start seeing benefits from that. And we still think there's a future there. Grant, I don't know if you want to talk a little bit about Asia.
Corey Sanders: Yes. What I would say, David, is we do have a decent understanding of what those costs are going to be. We think we'll end up on the better side of that. And by the way, we open the properties and ramp them. We will be able to manage component of that. And more in particular, we should – we think we should be able to offset most of these costs at fairly low occupancies. So, as we open properties and determine that, that will be – the demand for the town will be a big component of that.
Grant Bowie: I think, Bill, I just reiterate again. Bill, thank you. I guess the challenge is that it's about opening up, as you've seen. The critical point for us is that, we expect that the volumes of traffic will be significantly restricted. We see that as actually somewhat of a positive, because by and large we think that the premium market will come back first. That's obviously where we have that strength and that's what we're looking to. I think everybody probably also heard that Hong Kong has extended their quarantining requirements through June 7, that we do hope that within that time that there might be some adjustments with China and we're waiting just to get that information. So, we're very positive. We're very comfortable that we're trying to manage as best we can, but most importantly, from our discussions with their customers, the demands there, the opportunity for them to travel is the only thing they're looking for. Thank you.
Grant Bowie: I think the critical issue, I'll just repeat what I've – what we've said previously. We've got the south suites coming on, and that's really important. More accommodation for us is really important. In terms of the existing capital allocation we have, we've critically reviewed all those items and we're actually pulling back on ones, because what we also want to be prepared is, we want to have some money left in the kitty. We don't want to spend for the sake of spending. So, we're actually taking monies we would have allocated and then identified when we reopened. There may be some adjustments we need to make, maybe some food and beverage things. So, rather than spending and then having to come back and do it again, we're pulling back. Reiterating what Bill said as well, the focus for all of us is all about the concession renewal. And we have significant plans that we've discussed earlier about opportunities to develop, but we also need to be mindful what the expectations of the Chief Executive are. And he is – he does have different views. And what we're excited about is – and we're putting aside funds that we will be in a position to obviously respond to the diversification strategies that he is putting forward.
Grant Bowie: I think clearly, all concessionaires that are in Macau, I think, are well positioned and clearly, we will do what's necessary. Bill has made it very clear. This is the focus of the company. We're very confident. We're very positive. I think the simple thing, as I keep saying is, we just have to do – keep doing the things we're doing better. We need to do the right thing by the people. We need to do everything well. I think during this difficult time, I think, ourselves and all the concessionaires have demonstrated our true commitment to Macau, the people of Macau and the future of Macau. And I think that's just how we need to always focus on. One day at a time, it's not a single guy decision. It's all about a cumulative effort. And that's what we're good at. We're building confidence. We’re building respect and then hopefully for us, the rewards will flow.
Grant Bowie: Look, I think we're in a really good position, and I don't think we could get the value that we got for Bellagio or MGM today.
Grant Bowie: Well, I think it's pretty clear that Hong Kong, Macau, and Guangdong, the Greater Bay Area, are all in inextricably linked. We already know that the quarantining requirements in Hong Kong will not be lifted until the 7th of June at the earliest. Hong Kong is always an important feeder market. Even many of our customers coming in from China come via Hong Kong as you know, but on the other side of it, there is a possibility, and we obviously sitting here hoping that's happening and the Chief Executive even acknowledged that he is in dialogue with Guangdong to see if they cannot be some relaxation or some progressive opening up of the Zhuhai China border. So, we know the Hong Kong date for review. We're still positive and somewhat expected that we may see some opportunities coming up in May for China, and it'll be multi-step. The first will be the removal of the return to China quarantining and then the ultimate objective that we see coming out in the next weeks and months is the releasing of the IDF system. And that's really the critical point for us once the obvious comes back. So Felicia, I'm sorry, I don't have the specific timings. Those are the steps. As I said earlier, talking to the customers, they're positive, they're confident, all of us are just sitting here waiting to make sure that it's safe to travel. They're confident that we can take care of them. I think we've been very good at communicating that. So it's – we're ready to go. And frankly, after all this time, we're very anxious to get started as you can imagine.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. I'll kick it off and Corey. Look, I think it's been immensely valuable. If you recall, we actually started in 2016 with what do we call it, Corey? PGP, obviously, 2020, I became Chief Operating Officer last March or something along that lines. And so our ability to understand, at – frankly, at most every level, whether it was corporate, centers of excellence, or the various properties, regions, how we were operating, what the things we were doing, why we were doing and what was really bringing value, we have a very clear lens on. And so now as we think about re-launching in a post-COVID environment and the ramp it's going to take, we have another lens into that in terms of how we're going to structure the organization, and we have some work to do there, but we believe when it's all said and done, and we return back to a normal state, we're going to be a much more efficient organization focused on those things that are priority, those things that truly matter to driving the day-to-day customer experience in our business in all the places that we serve.
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure. What Japan like most places in the world is being impacted by COVID-19, it – I think literally as early as today, you may see Abe stick additional restrictions up to another 30 days is what has been rumored to be discussed. I think the impact of that is, it will slow down, although, we are not definitively sure the RFP process as it currently sits in Osaka and we are ready for this. By the way, we have an RFP submission that is due end of July. Our team has worked hard on this, as you know, we’re the lone standing applicant there, and we would submit, but I think what may happen is that the whole process gets pushed closer to the end of the year, which I think is appropriate and fine by us. In terms of its scale, you see – in terms of other opportunities in Japan, Yokohama has expressed sincere interest is now working its way through its own process and time to tell whether others actually joined. We still see Asia as a huge build and is a huge upside for the company, and frankly, for the industry. We're very bullish on Macau in the long run and we're absolutely bullish on Japan in the long run. You're still zone $10 billion investment. And the returns on that to be determined once we get through all the regs. But they're significant and they would be significant to the company in its overall portfolio and how we balance our earnings as we look at everything that we have. And so, we remain bullish. I think it will get delayed and we're ready if it does not is really, I guess, my final point.
Bill Hornbuckle: And Tom, at Park, MGM and at ARIA, we're – actually, we’re putting down in particularly two of those places, new casino carpet, now is a good time to do it. And so we're reconfiguring those floors with the space in mind for distancing. And so, the environment will feel a little different when people walk in from day one.
Bill Hornbuckle: It’s Bill. Yes, we've given, of course, you always give a thought. But look, we're going to stay very focused. We don't know how long this is going to take. We like the projects that ultimately, if we come out of this, we've defined sports betting, hopefully, an extension of a license and continuation in Macau, in Japan, very – on principle. You never say, never; but that's not going to be our focus. And again, not knowing how long all of this takes and what it does do to our balance sheet look, right now, it's strong. We're up and operating and be stronger than it's ever been, I think, in the history of the company and many, many decades anyways. And so, we are fortunate in that respect, but again, we just don't know.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. I mean, obviously, this is coming from our perspective. So, I don't want speak for Live Nation or AEG, but I would say this. As it relates to first entertainment here, we have a mindset that we will open some of our smaller showrooms and I'll give a simple example like Carrot Top or something that's small and intimate with a one person show can be open and relatively simplistically, we can provide the proper protections, et cetera. Obviously, that begins to scale a little bit differently when you get to Cirque and then when you get to the big events, on the convention side, it's not easy, but remember, we're fortunate we have 3.5 million square feet of space in Las Vegas. And so our ability to stretch things out more than most, if not all, is unique. And so we can host an event. And yes, it will be a bit of a space pig, but at least we'll be able to host the event. And so we can set up as we have with various meeting planners and already organizations, different protocols to how to do that. Until we get all the health and safety protocols, we're not going to be definitive, but we do have that unique capacity. As it relates to sports and obviously, for us and you remember how we were talking about this before this started with the Raiders what we've seen with hockey, long-term Las Vegas will recover. Long-term, the Raiders stadium is in our backyard, but we may see a few games this year with our people. A simple example, we were creating a large pre-game environment outside of Mandalay and Luxor, which can be pretty special, you walk over to the bridge and go to the game to be able to come back tailgate party. We put that on hold, because it's our general view that if it were fortunate enough to see real fans, it won't be 65,000. And so we'll probably see stuff like that spring. We have been an ongoing dialogue with leagues and other sporting activities around televised-only events, I think boxing, MMA, NBA, NHL, et cetera, and we can host some of that. We are working diligently with those to do that, but I think the idea that we're going to get 15,000 people in T-Mobile for a concert anytime this year is probably a stretch.
Bill Hornbuckle: Maybe a general overview and then Corey and Grant can clearly clean up. Look, we've seen that we've reduced our CapEx, I think, I mentioned in my pre opening remarks in half this year. There are things that are going to be essential to maintain the stores in the condition that we think they ought to be simple things like room remodels, Bellagio and others that will be just – going to be ongoing maintenance costs, and things that we're going to want to do. We will become more disciplined on some of the projects. We will become more focused on what's to be accomplished and why with a real mindset for margin around it in terms of just the day-to-day CapEx stuff. Domestically, with maybe the exception of New York, I think our primary focus is going to be Asia. And so, to the extent, we can work our way through a license in Macau and a renewal, which we're very hopeful for. And think, frankly, all this activity around COVID-19, Grant and the team have done a magnificent job putting us in good stead there with the government, but time to tell, that would be a large priority. And then ultimately, for us, it's still all about Asia and it's Japan. Japan represents without a doubt, the chance to move the needle. I mean, we're talking about something that would generate EBITDA in the 20-odd percent range to boost our company and put Asia at roughly a 50% EBITDA percentage in terms of our total EBITDA. So, we're focused on that.
Bill Hornbuckle: And then, Harry, it's not huge capital dollars in respect to some of the other things we're talking about, but sports betting, iGaming is a real opportunity. I was just reading this morning, Morgan Stanley's piece. I think the market is $8.5 billion – $10 billion, whatever it is it's becoming real. In New Jersey, this month alone, if we paced out what we did the last couple of weeks in iGaming, it's $100 million business for us. Pennsylvania is around the corner, Michigan is around the corner….
Bill Hornbuckle: …and Colorado is around the corner. And given what's happening in states because of the stress of COVID, we think that'll open sooner than later. And well not extensive capital dollars, it does run in the hundreds of – a couple hundred million potentially before we turn the corner and really make something of this, but it is without a doubt, I think, one of the things that's not been unlocked in our value and our valuation, but it can and it will be over time.
Bill Hornbuckle: It's not immediately on the horizon. You would always be open to selling assets, I suspect, but it's not something that we've got in our strategic plan. We have obviously the ROFO in Springfield, which is an opportunity. We're looking to acquire over time, the other side of city center, not go that way, but given where we are today, we've got a lot in front of us.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. I'll go through each one and I'm not sure I could quantify them all, because not knowing where our numbers are going to be that would be dependent on that, but obviously, the refund of the federal income tax five-year carry back that will play on our 2020 return, which we'll file in 2021. That will be a pretty good number from based on where our projections are. We haven't quantified it yet, but we'll – hopefully, over the next few months, we'll be able to. On the interest expense deduction limitation for income tax benefits, we also expect to see a little bit benefit of that in 2021, but more in 2022 since we’ll be carrying back most of our loss. There's actually two payroll provisions. One is actually on the payment of furlough in health benefits. We will receive a 50% deduction on that component. Those regulations are getting written right now. We had a pretty significant payment that we will receive that credit. Actually right now, we're receiving it. And then finally, there's the deferral of the FICA tax of the employer portion, any of those payments would be deferred to 2021 and 2022. So, we haven't quantified the amount yet over the next few months. We'll try to put some numbers around that and get that out there.
Bill Hornbuckle: Let me kick it off, and then Corey can clearly clean it up. Yes, the answer is, of course, it wants to be net positive. There are going to be given the protocols that we've talked about, whether they're cleaning or otherwise some additional costs, but I would offset it with a simple idea and a notion. Protocol to clean a room in this environment is going to be extensive. And therefore, you could argue that the efficiency around room credits will have to be altered. I would argue the other side of that, which would simply say, if I'm a guest in Bellagio, I want to know that my room is pristine when I go in. And during my stay, unless I want and need clean towels, I'm probably not going to let a guestroom attendant or any other service personnel in my room. And so I think you'll see a varying degree of offsets, things like restaurants, even though we're talking about opening Bellagio potentially first, it won't be full service, all restaurants, there will be some, there'll be pick up, pick and go, if you will, for pick up opportunities for food and beverage. And so, we're going to take the current state in mind until we get through all of the health protocols, it's a bit difficult. And that's why I said two weeks in my prepared comments, but we will be by then to then put in Corey and his team are working diligently around some of the costs. We definitely think they offset kind of the moves we're talking about in terms of structure, but, Corey, maybe you could …
Bill Hornbuckle: Okay. Maybe if I could just offer up a couple of closing thoughts and I appreciate everyone's time today. First and foremost, for me and the company, getting these properties up and operating, doing it in a safe manner, both for our employees and our guests is priority one. I think, again, we're ideally positioned to do that. We understand the environment. Well, we understand the organization well. And candidly, we feel the responsibility, particularly here in Southern Nevada. Our industry to this state is the most important industry in any state in the country, more than autos are to Michigan, more than tech is to California. And we are the largest tax payer and largest employer in the state. So, I can assure you we are keenly focused on wanting to reopen, but we will only do it safely. We are going to be a better more efficient organization moving forward, you have our commitment on that and mine. We know how to do this and we will do this and we'll make this as effective as it can be. Obviously, as we roll out, there are going to be things that we've never experienced before. So, we'll have some ups and downs, but I can assure you collectively, we’ll end up with a more efficient organization when we fully come out of the other side of this thing. Despite all of it, we are not going to lose track of our long-term strategic initiatives. We are keenly focused, particularly on Sports and iGaming in this timeframe. There is real money, particularly in iGaming today, and Sports will begin to unfold this fall and hopefully sooner. And our real estate strategies in creating yet again, a fortress balance sheet are critical. The notion of asset-light moving forward is critical. And ultimately, my goal, my desire, my push and I know it's shared by our Board is to be ever present and larger and more meaningfully involved in Asia, both in Macau and hopefully in Japan if we're fortunate enough to win a license there. So, I thank you for your time. Everyone be safe and be well. And I look forward to talking to you again next trip. Thank you.
Harry Curtis: Hi, Bill. I wanted to ask a question about CapEx first. And now that you've been in the CEO chair for such a long period…
Harry Curtis: … as you look at CapEx not in the next 6 or 12 months, but how do you feel or maybe prioritize CapEx projects globally and their potential returns once your core business settles down? What are the best opportunities? And maybe Grant can chime in on this as well.
Harry Curtis: I appreciate that. And maybe one more for Grant, and this is a very broad leading question, but can you do enough to satisfy the Chief Executive? I'll leave it at that.
