Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Kate, and good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts International second quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On the call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information, updates or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation of GAAP financial measures in the press release, which is also available on our website. I'd now turn the call over to Mr. Jim Murren.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I mean, Carlo, there's still a low basis in some of those units and a higher basis in others depending on the assets and when they were contributed into the venture. Obviously, things like National Harbor and Borgata will have a higher basis for us in terms of the OP units during those transactions versus the lower basis of some of the original Strip assets that went in upon formation. So there is some tax issues to kind of work through, but we learned a long ago from Mr. Kerkorian that we don't let kind of the tax tail wag the dog too much from that perspective. And if it makes sense to do in maximizing shareholder value, then we will look at it and take the tax into consideration.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Hey, Thomas, it's Dan. Mandalay is still recovering as a property and is not fully back yet. We do see in kind of September, October, some of which is calendar-driven, but some of it is probably around the event timetable. We do see a little bit of softness around the event timetable in group, but we do have a pretty strong loyal base at Mandalay as well that is being very supportive and will continue to be supportive. So, we do see a little bit of weakness around that time period – later summer into the fall – but Mandalay as a property itself for 2019 is up quite nicely in terms of its pace. And that's good to see for the property longer term.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah. There has been a little bit of impact. Borgata, obviously, has clearly been the market leader by a mile for a long time in that market, maybe a few miles. And we did expect, obviously, some increased competition with the two new properties and just the new capacity coming online. But it's early days right now, but I can tell you that we saw some initial impact in the first couple of weeks. Their business has recovered, but we do think just because of the capacity in the market that Borgata will be down a little bit, and we think that's probably in the kind of 10%, 15% range roughly. But thus far, the property's been performing well. We're watching and looking at the covers, looking at a lot of the volume metrics. And after first couple of weeks, we're actually seeing those start to come back. So, looks like people are kind of testing out the new product, but realizing Borgata is still a great property and has all the amenities that it needs. So we do expect some impact just because of the capacity in the market, but Borgata is holding up well.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah. And our numbers don't show that level of decline. We're actually showing our RevPAR to be up in the fourth quarter.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Our group business in the fourth quarter looks pretty good. But as Corey said, we're just being a little bit more conservative, given the current trends and the environment we're in right now. And as we get into and deeper into the fourth quarter, we see those trends changing. Our event calendar is stronger in the fourth quarter, particularly at our Arenas. So, hopefully, there's upside to the number. But right now, we just built in a little bit of conservatism from the standpoint of what that growth will look like.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And Robin, I just want to clarify something. Our in the year for the year is actually flat year-over-year. We were just forecasting it to be up, but it's flat. So, our mix overall will be down a little bit year-on-year. Obviously, CON/AGG in last year kind of plays a big part in that. But just to be clear, our in the year for the year is pacing exactly as it was last year. We were just anticipating to kind of grow that part of the business a little bit. And that's the piece that we just fell a little short on.
James Joseph Murren: Sure, Harry. You're about the only one that's as old as I am, so you know that the third quarter is always volatile in Las Vegas. It hasn't been over the last couple of years. The all-time record citywide in conventions was 2016. The second record was last year. The third record, since I can remember, will be this year. This year, it's not a bad convention quarter. It's just up against these two incredible comps in the last couple of years. But in the context of the last several years, it's pretty decent. The challenge has been that we did not get, as we hoped, an acceleration of small group business to fill in the holes that we fully understood were there for the third quarter. And because of that, the whole market started scrambling around to mix their rooms differently. Now, the higher-end properties have little trouble in doing that – Bellagio, Aria, our luxury properties. But when people are shifting around their decisions on stay, it does impact the mid-market properties, and it did in the third quarter. We don't see that happening in the fourth quarter because of the base of business that we expect to see. But given the fact that this was unusually slow over the last couple months, we've taken a very conservative approach to the balance of the year. We think there's no reason to do anything otherwise. And so what I would say, and then I'll turn it over to Corey, is we saw a deterioration in some of the – in the year for the year. We moved business around where it made sense. The marketplace has been in that place. And now, we're starting to see a little bit of strength.
James Joseph Murren: And I would just say, again, this is a third quarter phenomenon. It has been a third quarter phenomena. And the way we're going to address and we have been addressing it is to continue to bring content to Las Vegas. We brought the Las Vegas Aces, the game last night. We are sponsoring the Summer League, which was last month. That is going to be much bigger as an event next year than it even was this year. We're going to bring more content to T-Mobile. The Raiders are going to finish the stadium in 2020. There's an awful lot going on and there is no cause to change the strategy when it has been working. What we need to do is when we have these pockets, do the best we can without degrading the customer experience because if we do that, then people won't come back.
James Joseph Murren: For God's sake, you guys get so worked up about a few weeks. It's just unreal. Let's start with the quarter again. In May, we talked about what we saw happening. We wanted to fill some of those holes with smaller group business. We thought we would. We did not. We bought back stock and we will continue to buy back stock because we think our stock is ridiculously undervalued. And it is a good allocation of our free cash flow. Do we think that there's anything going on in Las Vegas structurally that would cause us concern? The answer is no, because we see what's going to happen in the fourth quarter, which starts in about a month. So I appreciate the concern, I guess, around a couple month period of time. If I share that concern, I would tell you, but we have the benefit of having the data in front of us knowing that we're going to be stronger in the fourth quarter and going into 2019. So what we did know, what we do know is there was pressure around the city everywhere, not just to companies everywhere. And we see that pressure abating going into September and October.
James Joseph Murren: Well, we're going to look at your margin assumption which – but on RevPAR, yes, it's the lowest year-over-year against the comps that we're talking about. Our margins have gone up dramatically over the last several years. So it can't possibly be...
James Joseph Murren: Right. So, I mean, we're running the company on margin and on profit. So what we've seen is that short-term pressure we talked about. What we are seeing in the fourth quarter is not that. So, yes, against the comps that we had last year because RevPAR is almost all profit, when the RevPAR declines, your margins are going to go down, unless you want to dramatically reduce your cost structure to a point where it's going to affect service and we did not do that.
James Joseph Murren: We consider everything. We believe we've said, but we now have put a perimeter around it that we should own less of MGP. We think MGP is going to grow. We know it's the premier triple-net in the space. We know we have the best management team. We know they have the best prospects for acquisitions with third-party operators and they're working on several of them. So, that will happen. Secondly, we would be more than willing, at the right price, to reduce our equity ownership in MGP through the sale of OP units. And thirdly, MGP has the opportunity to transact with MGM in ways that would probably further, if done properly, reduce our equity ownership in MGP. So I think everything's on the table. But the goal is to reduce our equity ownership because we believe that, number one, there's great value, very valued arbitrage there; and number two, we think MGP would benefit from an expanded shareholding base.
James Joseph Murren: It will and we are as frustrated as you because we were getting very weary of talking about RevPAR, which is not the metric we measure ourselves on here. I know it's what everyone wants to talk about, but we measure ourselves on cash flow and profitability. And yes, we're down in those metrics because of the factors we talked about. But we hear the message loud and clear from the Street. We're getting a little weary of talking about specific RevPAR guidance, but we're going to use tremendous conservatism in the future.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. And I'll just add to that, Robin. Over many years, we've been trying to be very granular on what our RevPAR is going to be every quarter. And when we meet it or exceed it, everyone says that's fine, big deal. And when we miss it, it's like a big disaster. And we're just not going to take that type of forecasting hit anymore. So, we are going to, including right now, be very conservative with a lot of cushion in our RevPAR guidance. And it is what it is. And we give more information than others. We're going to continue to do that. We're going to do that with the idea that we're going to be conservative. We're not going to predict what we cannot predict. We're going to predict what we see happening in the marketplace right now. Do we expect that we'll be able to add business in the fourth quarter that would improve this guidance? Yes, we do. But we're guiding to this number because that's what we've seen coming off of this very tough pricing environment in the summer, and that's reflected in the fourth quarter. And that's what we're going with right now.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. And I would just add to that. So, one, convention business has been strong. Two, as we said, we tried to fill in the third quarter some small group business, which we weren't getting. So we went to the land package and the land package was where the pricing impacted our RevPAR. It was in the land package. Looking into the fourth quarter, obviously, as we said, we see a better convention mix of business and the pace for our conventions of whether they're large or small are up in 2019 versus 2018. And so, that's what we were trying to suggest as what was happening in the third quarter when we veered out of the small group business when it wasn't coming in to the land business, that's where we had the rate compression. But going into the fourth quarter, we've lowered all that small business down because we don't know if we're going to get it. And we took a cut on 2019 and even with that, as Corey says, we expect to be up next year.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. That's a good question. So, first, as the states are going to roll out and you probably – everyone is probably doing their own modeling of this, but we would expect some very active legislative activity next year in high-population states like Massachusetts and New York and a couple others. And, of course, we'll be at the forefront of that with our Springfield property and when we close on Empire. From a standpoint of states that we cannot access because the legislative process will be slower, there's a social gaming opportunity that we're working on with GVC. So, we'll be able to – because they're a omni-channel provider, very different than simply a B2B supplier, we're going to be able to, we believe, talk to customers more robustly in more states than we otherwise could.
James Joseph Murren: I think it will help. I think it's certainly incremental to what we otherwise have seen. But as I've said, I think that we are going to be – we are well-positioned for next year anyway. Bringing more content to the town will benefit our competitors and, of course, ourselves, but being able to bring more opportunities to town on the interactive side will, I think, on an outside basis help us. So, whether it's on e-sports or on interactive. We're working with the NBA leading into the Summer League and the activities we can generate throughout the year with that league working with other professional leagues, working in other areas of the interactive space. The idea here is to: number one, maximize the profitability of our existing resorts, managing our expenses, and going for the higher margins that we put into our deck, the 32% EBITDA margin goal we have in our deck; number two, amplifying the existing buildings through the interactive and sports space; and three, becoming more asset-light as we can opportunistically sell some of our physical assets and continue to operate them. The interactive space is going to be very large in the United States and I don't think we all fully grasp what the potential can be over the next several years, not just in sports itself, but what that will do as a vehicle for the other digital channels.
James Joseph Murren: So I appreciate you spending the time with us today. We look forward to taking all your questions. Look forward to seeing you out here as the summer months thankfully are coming to an end. And as we get into the fall and football season, playMGM because that sports betting app will be the dominant leader. Thank you, all, very much. And we'll talk to you soon.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. And, Harry, on the overall shape of the convention market, we've come off two record third quarters and even this quarter's mix that we're expecting, four years ago, we would have taken that mix any day of the year. We understand where a lot of those conventions went. And some of them are rotational, especially the citywides. We also had a few big rotational ones. But as we look especially in 2019 and 2020, what's on the books now, we don't see this softness in the convention market coming to Las Vegas. Is there more competition out there with the other cities? Absolutely, but we're geared up for it. And I think that Las Vegas, us, Caesars and even Wynn could create an experience that no other city can and can house conventions that no other city can because of our scale.
Corey I. Sanders: I think it's something we have to work on and think about. Usually, the event calendar has a tiny bit to do with that. We had a little bit unfavorable third quarter, but in general it's just creating – we, here at MGM, we create our own events for our customers and components like that. But traditionally, even – I've been around 23 years, 24 years and summers have always been a challenge. This one is probably a little bit more challenging than others, but it's always been reliant on the transient leisure market. And we will constantly look at ways to get less reliant on that. But, in general, we're definitely going to strategize on how to try to address that.
Corey I. Sanders: And what I would say, Joe, is the biggest pressure, really, is on really that short-term booking window. So, the other channels that we're seeing are booking the way we like to see them book, actually they're pretty healthy, are our FIT channels and our casino channels. It's that real short-term booking window that has been very challenging. To answer the question, the Bellagios of the world, they're seeing less of an impact. People are trading up and we've seen that before in the past also. So, probably the biggest impact when you get into these pricing pressures are the core properties and probably the lower end of the core properties like the Excaliburs and the Circuses.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. I'll answer, Felicia. I mean, the way we always forecast is we work with our sales team and we plan on not only what's on the books, but what we think we can because we want to make sure we're filling the rooms the right way. It just didn't come up to fruition this year. And so what you're seeing in our latest guidance is we have been probably more on the conservative side and pulled out most of that just because it didn't come to fruition this year.
Corey I. Sanders: Well, the way we forecast our labor and everything is very much tied to our forecast, our seven-day forecast, so we're able to adjust our labor and expenses for that. But as long as I've been here and especially before the convention business was here in the summer, these ebbs and flows, especially for that three-month period, when it's 120 degrees outside, it's a challenge that we just get – fight our way through for that short-term period. We are looking at creatively how we may repackage certain things in the summer, looking at some of the competition for summer travel. As you look at, whether it's different industries or different cities, we constantly are looking at that and looking for better ways to maybe package how we do our business.
Corey I. Sanders: Hi, Carlo. Our FIT channels are actually hanging in pretty well. It's really the OTA channels that are probably a little more challenging. But I also think if you look at the macro components here, the city had its 6.6 million convention attendees last year, which was a record by over 300,000. If everyone's trends are similar to us, we'll be down a little bit in mix. So, you're probably looking at 400,000, 500,000 extra rooms that have to be sold in that channel. You add in the room supply, which has increased slightly, I think probably because of rooms being put on the market that were out of order, and you're probably looking about 600,000 extra rooms that are trying to get sold just for this year. I think that's this year experience because what we're seeing for next year with what's on the books and what we're hearing from our competitors that are having similar trends of convention rooms on the books, there will be less reliance on that channel.
Corey I. Sanders: The one thing we'll want to really watch – July, the first month, and actually I was over there, there's a lot of activity with a lot of concerts both at Hard Rock and Borgata had their 15-year anniversary. So, as a lot of that activity goes away, we'll have to see where the ship works out, but Borgata is very well-positioned to maintain its market share there.
Corey I. Sanders: I don't know. I'm not sure where you get the 500 basis point, but we have been very conservative on our Q4 forecast to put in the trends that we're seeing now. Do we think those will continue? No, but that's how we forecasted Q4.
Corey I. Sanders: So, I'll take that. I think everyone's focused on the convention base and that's where the biggest miss was. The actual biggest adjustment to the RevPAR is in that land package. And 80% of it was in that land package. However, in looking at what's on the books, like I mentioned, we are up pretty good in 2019, almost 15%. But even more so, we don't talk a lot about this, but the convention calendar and how dates fall and how holidays fall are pretty favorable in 2019. For example, Thanksgiving is at the end of November, on 28. That gives us one extra week to book. The holidays are a little bit more favorable. Some of them are on weekends, the Jewish holidays. So, that gives us a few more days to book. So, all of those things are positive. CES, which floated out a week last year, is going back right after New Year's. All of that will help as we try to drive our RevPAR.
Corey I. Sanders: And, John, also as I mentioned, our casino blocks are actually pretty healthy right now. Still below our competitors and I think that has to do a lot with Borgata going on to M life National Harbor. And it's not just going to be Yonkers, but Springfield is also going to open. So I think all of those are healthy. And as Jim mentioned on the interactive side, our deals with our partners are to expand our database and to convert the interactive customer into our brick-and-mortar buildings.
Corey I. Sanders: So, in the regionals, the things that we look at in particular, slot volumes and everything just to see the health of the customer, Detroit had – just literally had their second best quarter – the best second quarter they had ever. Borgata slot revenue, which is one of the big drivers, was a record second quarter. National Harbor, obviously, has market share. And as we look at the markets and the market share, those are pretty healthy. I think what we're seeing here in Vegas is consumers are looking for alternative places for entertainment. And so, it's not necessarily that there's a weaker consumer, but there's – look, there's alternative options for them. So we have to replace some of that option. Let's say, they went to Europe, which we understand there's been a lot of travel to Europe this year, that's where we're trying to adjust there. But, in general, the regionals are doing good. We believe – just to give you an idea – Borgata sports book is about 20% of our total company's volume in about a month. And so, we think that we're not seeing anything there that would indicate that it would impact sports.
