Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Steven. And good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts second quarter 2017 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially for those contemplated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation of GAAP financial measures in the press release, which is also available on our website. Please also note that our supplemental earnings deck is posted on our website, which we hope you will continue to find helpful. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I'll let Grant speak to Macau. As far as here in Las Vegas, we had a slight benefit of about $4 million in the quarter on a year-over-year basis.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: 50 basis points to 100 basis points, that's 25 basis points higher now. We feel like we know and you've seen it in the current quarter or currently reported quarter, our margins are ahead of pace. I think they will remain ahead of pace. And remember, in Las Vegas, I said it earlier, but every 1% increase in margin in Las Vegas is $14 million of profit. So we expect margins to continue to grow and to be up again in '18, and our target is to get into the mid 30s in terms of margin, and obviously we think we're well on our way there.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And it's also Robin being disciplined in the approach, right, because as Jim mentioned earlier, those two weeks in June two years ago, we may have reacted differently based on the information we had at hand. So, instead of chasing that non-profitable business in that softer two-week period, we stuck to our guns and as you saw in our ADRs, they were all up across The Strip except for Monte Carlo, and didn't go chase kind of that lower end business in that short time period, which is really in those lower end channels that to Corey's point, is where you find that really not profitable piece of business.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah, David, this is Dan. The quarter, Borgata benefited from a one-time property tax settlement. It was about $36 million. So, excluding that number, it was about $65 million of true operating profit from the core business. So, that is a one-time item in the quarter. You're right, Borgata I think at its peak did about $250 million-ish plus or minus in terms of overall EBITDA when it was part of the joint venture. But the team there has done an extraordinary job, both in the marketplace and working with our corporate team in integrating Borgata. As you saw in the release, in mid-June, we just brought them online and M life, which I think is going to be a big positive for both of them and the M life program. So we continue to expect some big things out of Borgata and that property going forward.
James Joseph Murren: Sure Joe, it's almost exclusively business decisions that we're making here. It does not reflect at all the health of the market and certainly does not reflect our perspective of the market in the second half of the year. When we started PGP, we were focused on many of the non-hotel areas where we could drive margin profitability, not only in terms of table games margins and overall casino margins, but in our non-gaming areas in terms of driving margin there. The hotel divisions of many of these resorts including ours have been run more independently and have been focused on driving RevPAR. We know that that's not the right approach in a casino hotel environment. That's not how you drive profitability. No one here in this room that I'm aware of is bonused on RevPAR. We're bonused on profits. We made a decision when we moved from PGP to continuous improvement to dig in more on our hotel yielding and do it more holistically. We actually started that in the beginning of the year. It had a minimal impact on the first quarter, because we had such a strong convention calendar in the first quarter. It had more of an impact in terms of RevPAR in the second quarter, but we drove more profitability throughout the resorts in the second quarter. That's why revenue per occupied room in the second quarter was actually up over 5%. That's the important metric. In terms of looking forward, we feel very strongly, and we know this business pretty well, the way to drive increased margin and increased profitability is the yield total resort from a standpoint of driving revenue into the resort, and that will have a dampening impact on RevPAR, and that's okay because we're trying to drive more profits. The only macro point I would say in the quarter was a little bit of a weakness, a little bit of softness in the early part of June. It was literally like a two-week period of time, and it bounced back right at the end of the month. But really that had minimal impact, and also we probably underestimated the impact of the disruption at Monte Carlo a little bit, but these are just fringe things, it's not the overall point. I think the overall point is, on RevPAR as we're talking about it, a 1% difference in RevPAR. So in other words, instead of if we did 2.2% instead of 1.2% for our portfolio. A 1% delta is only $2 million of profit. A 1% increase in our margin just on The Strip is $14 million. We made a decision which we'll continue to make to focus on profitability and margin, and that really was the total story in terms of RevPAR in the second quarter, and the reason why we want people to be more focused on this in the third and fourth quarters. We're going to have a good third quarter, very strong despite the big city-wides that we saw last year and a 10% increase in RevPAR that we had last year. And we're going to have that because of a Mayweather-McGregor fight, a GGG-Canelo fight and some good convention business. But more importantly, I think we're going to be able to drive margins in the third quarter more than we had predicted when we began the year.
James Joseph Murren: No. No, we had predicted what we have in terms of resort fees in that number and in our prior guidance. Really the difference is Monte Carlo being a little tougher than we thought and a very short period of time in June. But I really want to emphasize the fact that we're moving away in Micah's team and our hotel yield team away from focusing on maximizing RevPAR. We've all known about this, both the sell-side, the buy-side, us at management, that that's not really the best way of running our business. But we didn't have the tools frankly, Felicia, earlier in our process until this year in terms of analytics, in terms of intelligence to yield these resorts in a more holistic way. And that's a manifestation of continuous improvement. We have people doing this now that we didn't have before, hired from other companies. And it will have a impact on total revenue per occupied room in a very positive way, we think.
James Joseph Murren: On the business side, Felicia, we see convention partners changing somewhat their convention practices. For example, some of the larger companies are consolidating some conventions. They might have five in a given year of a certain size and they're consolidating them down to three or four. That has some kind of volatility around some of the convention markets around the United States, and I think, a little bit to a lesser extent here in Las Vegas, but we've seen that trend occurring. The reality to that is they're actually driving a lot more delegates per convention obviously, as they consolidate the number of conventions. So, we see bigger spikes in convention attendance rather than what we had seen before. As an example, we literally last week just finished Microsoft. They were in here, it was amazing for better part of a week. That's a convention as you know, we didn't have last July, and it was highly successful for us. So, I think the only – and I'll turn it over to others if they see anything differently, but the only thing we see a little bit differently is how companies are handling their convention business. Every other segment – and by the way, we're still going to be up in conventions, and we're still doing extremely well. And Las Vegas, I think is the beneficiary of this, because we're a better value destination. Every other segment is up: leisure for us, will drive you more people for our own channels, which is more profitable to us, our FIT business, the casino was very strong, and that's why total revenue per occupied room was up nicely in the quarter.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah, I'd just add to that part, Corey. Obviously, we are well aware of the CRM softwares that are out there, salesforce.com being one that Caesars is using, and other companies have different techniques. We have our own CRM. It's going to evolve and one of the things that has been a benefit of the Borgata acquisition has been – they've had a very strong CRM process in place at Borgata. And we're taking that learning, and Tom Ballance, who is now in corporate with us, is leading the team with Anton Nikodemus and a variety of our best leaders here, including Marcus Glover, who is going to be running Borgata to make it a company-wide decision on improving analytics, and artificial intelligences and CRM. But that's exactly what Corey is referring to by changing the channels on the non-gaming side this year, and being able to do more process, marketing on the gaming side. We've been able to increase our revenue per occupied room, which is why you see a really good slot handle, and you see good table volume, it would have been more evident if we had just held normally, but even with lower hold, it benefited us.
James Joseph Murren: So thank you. It's a good way to kind of step back and look at what we're trying to accomplish here. One is obviously to drive free cash flow and I will get into that more. But certainly, we're accelerating our free cash flow generation in our operations this year versus last and we think next year significantly more. But adding to free cash flow comes the other levers that we have. One of the major levers that we have is MGP. We were really clear when we brought MGP public a couple Aprils ago that National Harbor which has a ROFO, it would be an asset that we would like to transact with, with MGP. We also said that we'd like to have a few quarters under National Harbor's belt before we entered into those negotiations. Well, we have a few quarters under our belt right now, so I would think that it would be logical to assume that a transaction would be more in the near term than the long term between MGM and MGP. That, if done properly, and we expect it would if we do it, would have a profoundly positive impact on MGM Resorts in terms of its liquidity and its cash and squarely fits with the overall arching belief that we need to return cash to our shareholders. MGP is out on the prowl on a variety of other transactions, some of which will not involve MGM, but others very likely could. And recall that we're opening up Springfield, Massachusetts, next year, I think in September or August and that obviously is a candidate for MGP as well. The other lever that we have is clearly through asset sales. There has been a significant level of interest on The Strip right now. There is really strong chatter around the Fontainebleau being sold with a hotel flag that will be put on it. We're not involved, to be clear. But that would be a good sign for the market, if people are willing to invest a lot of money to try to bring that property to life. And we own assets as well. We own Circus Circus. We own the Mandarin at CityCenter and several other assets that we always look to find out what we should do in terms of our best interests. In terms of other levers that we have, clearly CityCenter itself with another record quarter is generating a significant amount of cash. We will continue to return that cash to its shareholders, Infinity World and MGM. And of course, once we open up in Cotai, MGM China should turn into a significant free cash flow generator beginning next year. So, the levers that we have in front of us that we're constantly trying to maximize are number one, free cash because our CapEx is going to roll over and be very minimal going forward; two, asset sales or other ways of monetizing assets; three, dividends from our ventures.
James Joseph Murren: That's a good question that hasn't been asked of us before. But yes, I feel like if there is – I got to talk to our board about this – but if there is a significant one-time event that would generate a tremendous amount of cash to MGM Resorts, that would impact our decision making versus free cash flow that is steadily and rapidly growing. And yes, we've been very clear on capital allocation and shareholder returns. We started with dividends, quarterly dividends. We expect that we'll be able to increase our quarterly dividend over time. But that share repurchase also will be part of our discussion at the board level. And if we have a significant windfall, which I think we will, one or two of them, over the next couple years, we'd be more immediate in our transferring that windfall to shareholders than rapidly growing free cash flow.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah, and I think maybe, I don't want to cut you off, Dan, but I think that that's exactly right. Because our convention mix is growing and becoming more profitable to us and because we see a strong convention calendar in 2018 and 2019, and because we're expanding our convention facilities right now at Aria and at MGM, and you weave that together with the expansion already at Mandalay that sets up a much stronger foundation for us to look at the rest of our rooms. From the rest of our rooms' perspective, we're becoming more intelligent about how we can shift leisure into transient. And that requires software that we're deploying. It requires a different philosophy which we're also deploying, but it also is as a result of the fact that we're more confident in our overall occupancies than before. And that's I guess the point that should be always made is that all of us out here, our competitors and ourselves, run these resorts at mid 90s occupancy. That's why RevPARs is so misleading. It's not about occupying the buildings. It's about occupying the buildings in a way that will generate the most profit to the resorts, not just to the hotel department of the resorts. The combination of this and the loyalty CRM marketing that's going to have an impact – increasing impact on the casino side is going to provide a revenue and profit growth that we did not anticipate when we started this about a year ago.
James Joseph Murren: I guess three years, 2.5 half years is the earliest, but I would say three years. And I guess the point I'd make. I love this town. We don't have as many rumors in Las Vegas as Macau, but we do hold our own that it would be more hotel centric than anything else. And obviously, up near a expanding and upgraded convention center, that would be very positive for the town and positive for Northern properties like Mirage and Circus Circus, of course. And I think that knowing what we know about our own portfolio, the level of interest we're getting on assets that are not already owned by MGP is very high. And we're a transactional company, and so I do expect that there will be opportunities, like we did with Crystals opportunistically to sell that asset at very attractive cap rate, I think there'll be other opportunities to monetize without changing the overall trajectory of what we're trying to accomplish here.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah, I mean that's obviously yes. One, I think we should start talking about Aria as part of our family more. I mean people look at Aria is like a separate than the rest of our portfolio. But we run Aria as we run any other property in terms of moving a business around and having customers make their decision. So that I think Cathy's point is a good one. But we anticipated a tough comp. That's why we had said in the second quarter that our gaming revenue is like going to down. We didn't anticipate 500 basis-point decrease in hold year-over-year. But we're going to have a tremendous amount of gaming volume coming in, in August. If people don't understand the impact on fights and this is not just a fight but a spectacle, just kind of watch TV. We've had a lot of people that said we're coming in August that did not come in June or July. They're coming in August and that will help. So I think that our feeling about gaming volumes here in town in terms of our own and our competitors is quite solid, particularly on the Far East side. And the standpoint of looking at what drivers that are events, and to have two fights in one quarter is something we've never had before. So we're hopeful that that has a gaming impact that we could be proud of. I think it will.
James Joseph Murren: And I think we always will, Dan. I mean I think the point that we've made to folks is that when you own 42,000 hotel rooms here and you're driving this business for cash flow and to try to increase revenues going forward, you're going to, within the CapEx contours that we've stated, which we would reaffirm, we're able to reposition properties within a couple year period of time as we straddle years in terms of CapEx to dramatically increase profitability. It does have an impact in the near term at the property itself, like it is at Monte Carlo, but we have the benefit of having 10 resorts out here. And so we feel like we can drive revenue, margin growth, profitability even when one property is undergoing this type of transformation. And it won't be the last one we do. If we are successful in converting Monte Carlo to Park MGM as we expect and get the kind of returns on investment that are going to be outsized relative to other investments that we can make, we'll look at another property to tackle in the out years. And so I think that's part of portfolio management in terms of trying to drive revenue, profitability, and long-term growth while you are focusing on free cash.
James Joseph Murren: And so the ADR, I mean, the RevPAR connection between RevPAR, what Robin was asking and profitability, you want to explain that? I mean, it's the margin on the incremental non-gaming room is higher because of our channel shift.
James Joseph Murren: Okay. And also these customers, not only gaming, but these customers spend a lot more money in entertainment, whether it's in our nightlife or food and beverage, our shows in general. They're becoming more sports oriented which is a focus of ours, event driven, park theater, so it's not only improving the gaming side without having – our comp levels haven't changed by the way, Robin, on that point, but it's improving our non-gaming non-hotel revenue
James Joseph Murren: All right. I knew it. Okay. We've not made our submission yet in terms of tables. That is something you do towards the end of the process. We have focused a lot and you can see it on in our investor deck on the nongaming components to COTAI, which we believe are transformational in that market. It's very unique, particularly on the entertainment side, which we are noted for. All that plays into the government's decision around table allocations and we're going to do the best we can on that and based on what we get, Grant will decide how to move tables around.
James Joseph Murren: Okay. You're welcome. So I just like to wrap up and say thank you for joining us. I'm proud of the effort in the second quarter in terms of executing on our plan. We're excited about the current quarter, having the second biggest fight of all time, it's a kind of fun. I'm excited about how in shape Mayweather is, I saw him in his gym a couple of nights ago, and I'm excited about what we have happening in the second half of the year. We're very clear on our direction here at the company in terms of maximizing our free cash flow, our capital expenditures are defined and declining and are unchanged from what we discussed with our community several times. We believe that results in significant growth in free cash and we intend to return that free cash to our shareholders. We have multiple levers ahead of us and some of them are imminent and that will enhance the overall return on capital to our shareholders as it relates to transactions that we talked about today. National Harbor couldn't be doing better from our perspective and is perfectly positioned to ultimately be owned by MGP. CityCenter is performing at an outstanding level, and also, is well-positioned to return more capital to its owners and perhaps provide more asset opportunities in terms of disposition. Macau is right around the corner in terms of the opening of COTAI and the impact of having such a beautiful property that we think will be very successful, the impact that will have to the MGM China shareholders. We will continue to build the company for the long-term but continue to reward our shareholders throughout this journey, and we will do so in the ways that have articulated. And I think that that will increase the value of the enterprise significantly over time. And with that, I'd like say thank you very much for joining us today. We're excited about the back half of the year and into 2018 and beyond. And as always, we're ready to take any of your questions. So, please give us a call. Thank you.
Grant R. Bowie: Sure, thanks. The answer is there is some mix changes we've seen, particularly in some of the premium end of the business, so we've seen some margins slightly depressed, but overall we're starting to see growth in the mid business range, though some of this is as Jim was indicating, is preparing ourselves for the business for Cotai coming on strength. So yes there was some reduction in margin and that was also a little bit of affected from luck effect in the premium end. But by and large it's just part of the process of transforming and getting ready for Cotai. The last comment I'd make about that is that we're seeing some constraints in terms of room inventory and as Jim indicated getting Cotai onstream for us is really important in terms of building our capacity and our ability to drive more volume.
Grant R. Bowie: Yeah, I would add Felicia, that what we're seeing in the customers, and especially because of our intentional shift out of some of our lower end areas, and into our higher end areas is that their spend is up, and we're seeing that in entertainment, we're seeing that in food and beverage, we're seeing it across the portfolio slots. So, we don't really sense that the economy is suffering.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Harry. I'm wide awake. I think what's important is, while we might be last to open, we also have the advantage of watching everybody else come on board. And I think we've been clear right from the outset that we understand that the Cotai market is very different from the Macau market. But we also accept that we have certain characteristics. But we are strong there in terms of particularly the mass business. We also need to develop Cotai, the VIP business over time. In terms of the property itself, the thing that's most important for us is capacity. We keep on saying this over and over again. Getting more rooms, getting more capacity in that marketplace. One of the things we're focused on most importantly as it's not just a question of being able to expand based on our current pool of customers. We understand that we need to tap into new customers to us who may already be in Cotai and I'm not saying specifically share shift, but about allocation of wallet. And so, we're very focused on bringing in additional resources, people with specific experience in the Cotai market, and also making sure we build strong relationships with the tour and travel marketplace in China about moving premium leisure travel market specifically. So I guess, the critical point for us is not only maintaining intensity in the Macau property, getting increased capacity, but understanding that we need to spend and we are spending a lot of time building the volume of traffic and the pool of customers for us for Cotai. We're very excited about the physical attributes. I think everyone acknowledges that the building design is iconic and we're very excited as we progressively release to the market the facilities that we're bringing in. We're nearly finished launching all the food and beverage, and now we're starting to introduce the customer buys for the entertainment products, the nature of the interactive spaces that we're creating, which allows the consumers to basically build a lot of their own experiences, that will become more visible as we actually launch more of the products as we work our way up to the opening. We anticipate, just one point of interest, we'll start our roadshows into China for the leisure markets and for the tour and travel business in September, so that's really a progressive development and build that over time. We understand and we appreciate that our properties will take time to ramp-up and that we need to make sure that we maintain our cost control that we don't get too carried away, that we don't over staff ourselves on early days, but can build capacity and build volume before we – that we avoid too many overheads. Sorry, that's a bit long, but I hope that covers what you're interested to hear, Harry.
Grant R. Bowie: We obviously want to hype as much as we possibly can and if everything was up to our standard and we thought that we could drive sufficient volumes to support it, we would open everything, but we're pragmatic. Our target is to get everything as far as we can. We've previously announced that The Mansion product would be delayed, but in terms of all of our other facilities, we're hoping to be able to make the decision operationally whether we're comfortable to get to support everything. At this moment, room inventory, the rooms are looking pretty good, we're punching all those things through. So, we would like to have as much online as we possibly can, but openings are always challenging, We're pragmatic enough to know that we just work to what we know we are able to present the best image of our brand and our product on day one.
Grant R. Bowie: I think Jim was pretty clear that that within the next two or three months, we certainly will be opening, we're aiming for that. Construction is going well. Our manning is going well. And we all understand, however, that we do have to follow the regulatory procedures laid out by the government and at the end of the day once that's all been completed, then we'll get our permits to operate. But we're all pretty comfortable. We're ready to go as soon as we can get that permitting in place.
Corey I. Sanders: Sure. Shaun, as part of our continuous improvement, one of the things we've really focused on is identifying our channels and then, really doing an in-depth study on the profitability of those channels. All of our channels and our partners are very important to us. But there are certain channels that are actually making a lot less profit, sometimes, anywhere from 20% to 50% less than other channels. So, it's been more of a channel switch than anything else. On the casino side, we continue to use our M life database and the regional database. But what we've been able to see is, we have been able to for the first time in a while actually shift some of that lower-end channel into our own transient database. So, that's something that, I think, when we looked at it going into the year and when we made that decision, we felt the demand for Las Vegas was really solid and if there was a time to do it, with the dynamics, this was the right time to do it.
Corey I. Sanders: We're at the beginning stage, and when I say that I'm pretty critical of ourselves. I think there is a lot more opportunities to maximize with tools and tap artificial intelligence, and things like that. So, I'm pretty excited about what the future has to bring in this area.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah, Carlo, I don't think we've really gone into mix that much. Obviously, the convention is our base, and we build off of that. The we use some of the other channels to also help build the base and yield from there. The goal would be really to, if we could keep shifting a few percent into the transient probably from the leisure base, that would be where we could gain the most profitability. And I think we're starting to see that happen probably for the first time since probably before the recession that we've been able to actually make that change happen.
Corey I. Sanders: And the one area where we have given pretty good direction is the convention side. We are around that 19%. With the additional space, if we now grew an extra 1%, it would really help on yielding the base. But I think that's about where we want to be in that area.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. I think we're really happy where our volumes are coming off really a monster quarter the year before. When we look at our business, our international business is actually up, led by Far East, which is up very nicely, little bit offset by Latin, but most of our premium play comes from the Far East. The national side was up against a very tough comparison. So that would be down a little bit, but we're expecting to recover a lot of that because we expect to see many of those players that we know weren't here for the second quarter, we expect to see them in about a month.
Corey I. Sanders: ...there is a shift of CES about a week, which we'll have a little bit of an impact because usually it's right after New Year's. But in general, we have strategies to attack both of those situations.
Corey I. Sanders: And remember that margin growth is on top of the disruption we're experiencing at Monte Carlo. So we're fighting through that and still growing margins.
Corey I. Sanders: Sure, so in the second quarter, our convention mix was actually down a little bit, and so that at a higher rate compared to the business that replaced it would have an impact on rate. We were actually down a little bit in casino room nights for the quarter. That was also purposely done. We once again in maximizing profitability, we took the lower end of that database and we changed the way we reinvest in them, but that would be the color of why the rate would have been down a little bit from that perspective.
Corey I. Sanders: Sure. Even the gaming room plus the shift alone has probably got anywhere from a 25% to 50% profitability improvement by shifting out of those lower profitability channels. So, that's why I think you start seeing the increase in margin. That rate probably didn't replace the convention rate that we lost for the quarter.
Corey I. Sanders: And what I would add, David, the other thing we did when we came in is we took our profit growth plan initiatives and applied a lot of those to Borgata and we have seen some benefit from those also.
