Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thank you, Phil, and good afternoon and welcome everyone to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this afternoon. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information, updates or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah. So, Felicia, just to add to Jim's comment, I mean when you look at last year and obviously the events on 1 October impacted a lot of things, but it mostly impacted occupancy. And so when you look at rates, rates were pretty healthy, convention room nights in the fourth quarter last year despite what happened in this city were up 30% plus in the quarter. So – despite what happened, there's still some positive things that occurred in the fourth quarter and a little bit of what kind of transpired in the third quarter had to shake itself out and has done so here in October. So that's all been, to Jim's point, kind of taken into consideration with respect to the guidance.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah. I think and I'm going from memory and you're testing because I'm getting old. But in the fourth quarter 2016, we had a few shows in there that actually rotated out and were very profitable shows for us, particularly at the MGM Grand, if I recall. So again, I think we're looking at this on a micro level within our portfolio and taking all these factors into consideration.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Typically, Harry, those sometimes take longer, but typically it's about a six to nine-month process. The pieces in Macau, little bit on the close-up on the original construction, but also include the completion of the VIP rooms as well as The Mansion and the President's Club. But I would say that typically it's a six- to nine-month process post the opening assuming everybody's working together.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Hey Thomas, this is Dan. I don't think there's anything to imply there. I think when you look at the guidance that we had given for the third quarter, obviously a pretty wide range. We've narrowed the range in the fourth quarter to compensate for that as well as the fact that we came in and did a little bit better. We said we are going to be up in the fourth quarter and our guidance reflects that for Q4. And I think other than that, I think we beat this horse pretty well earlier in the call, so I don't think there is anything to read into it other than it all ties together from how we're thinking about and left the guidance vis-à-vis our prior comments.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah, sure, David. This is Dan. I'll take that one. We've been obviously talking to a lot of you all on this call, both from sell side and buy side and we've been working through this quite a bit. So, as we get into 2019, our approach is we're not going to eliminate guidance. We're going to modify it and speak to kind of one quarter out, both in terms of our overall net revenues here in Las Vegas as well as a subset of that being continue to give you one quarter out guidance around RevPAR and EBITDA margins from that standpoint, and help you model out both from the sell side and the buy side each one quarter out from that perspective, we think that's more prudent and more useful to the investment community.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Robin, that's just what we've known at the time, which was essentially MGP's acquisition of Rocksino and nothing more than that. We didn't bake in any future deals on the acquisition front into that goal. That's status quo new development projects that obviously come online and MGP's purchase of Rocksino.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: That's right, yeah, no, we would measure it in terms of us achieving that. And looking at whatever investment we would consider, it would have to significantly enhance that. Otherwise it's just, as Jim said earlier, sticking to our strategy and what we have on our plate right now and staying focused on that and returning capital to shareholders if that's the best use of that capital.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure, Stephen, I'll try to tackle those for you. Corey will probably chime in on the Grand. The Grand had its best third quarter ever and it benefited on the casino side. And that's the great thing about the portfolio we have. They benefit on the casino side, which obviously positively impacted their results to the detriment of some of our other properties that they hold as well. But that's the power of the portfolio. As far as leverage on the asset-light model, we still have our goal of three to four times leverage by 2020. And I don't see us changing from that perspective. Whether it be current state or whether it be more asset-light going forward, it's probably just not a good use of – I believe not a good use of our capital to be anywhere lower in terms of that leverage.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. And Dan just told me, I said 800,000 instead of 80,000. So 80,000 is pretty good. 800,000 would be off the rails, so clarification there. So in answer to your question, I would refer everyone back to our deck. I think it's slides like 5, 6, 7. And that would guide I think the thinking that you should have around M&A. Our focus here is to maximize profitability of our businesses and our cash flows. And we are going to be very prudent now and in the future in how we allocate capital around all of our growth strategies. The board feels this way and management does that it's incumbent upon us to consider any deployment of capital, whether it's new growth opportunities, M&A or otherwise, through the lens of being acutely focused on weighing on whether or not we can return a very high return in excess of our cost of capital. Absent any clear strategic or financial rationale that would be through that lens, we're going to continue to return capital to our shareholders. In sum, we like the hand that we're dealt right now. We like our assets. We like the condition of our assets. We like the fact that we've moved out of a development phase into a harvesting or free cash phase. We like our management teams here running these properties. We like our opportunity of winning in Japan and doing well interactive and nationally here in sports and that is the focus of the board and the company.
James Joseph Murren: Well I think what we're focused on are two things. One I would I – I reread my transcript from last quarter and I think everyone should reread it as well. We have factored everything into this and we feel that this is appropriate guidance to give. There are gives and takes in every quarter and we took all that into account. We like how this is setting up, I will say that, given all the factors that you just mentioned and given what we've seen early days at Park MGM and what we know about the Mandalay month-to-month-to-month calendar in the fourth quarter. But I think we're going to stick with a very specific, but without too much color, RevPAR guidance.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. And I mean I think we've talked about this three months ago. What we thought we would see in the fourth quarter and what we said three months ago we're seeing.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. Well, I think that MGP is going to be very opportunistic and aggressive and I'm sure James Stewart will speak to that on his call. And I would, just from our perspective at MGM Resorts, we see a lot of interesting M&A activity for the triple-nets in general in the space, which we're rooting on James there. As it relates to MGM Resorts, we viewed the Yonkers and the Ohio opportunities as unique and distinctive and in exception to a rule. We are very optimistic about the future of New York City as a broad-based gaming market in the future and we're incredibly impressed with the operational performance and the free cash flow generation of the Rocksino in Ohio. Those are very few and far between opportunities. I would view them both very opportunistically. Our market access deal with Boyd really answers the question for us as to whether or not we need to own a physical asset to maximize the opportunity in sports betting and the answer is we do not. We do not need to own or operate physical assets in order to maximize that opportunity. And so M&A, any M&A, whether it's large or small, would have to be scrutinized against those strategic objectives that I talked about earlier and they have a big hill to climb because we really like what we got. As I said, we really like our assets. It's not lost on us that we have the most profitable assets in every regional market, in Mississippi, in Michigan, in New Jersey and of course we're the largest profit generator here in Nevada and of course in Maryland as well. And so it would be inconsistent with our strategy to look at opportunities that are second tier relative to what we already operate at a premier fashion and it would have to fit the lens of those goals that I mentioned and the free cash flow of $3.50 a share in 2020 and the leverage target that I talked about of three to four times during that same period of time. And all of that would be measured against increasing the dividend in MGM Resorts and buying back stock at what we believe, to be very attractive level.
James Joseph Murren: Got a few things on the ramp, and really, I hope you all get to see this soon. It's really quite remarkable in our view and we've done a lot here. As I mentioned, the NoMad opened on the 12th of this month. The NoMad bar is open. The High Limit area is open. The lobby is open now, and it's been really positively received. All the Park MGM rooms are done and the rest of the NoMad rooms, because we opened up with two floors, will be completed and operational by November 10. The NoMad restaurant, which is a stunner, it's in the old Race & Sports Book, so you can imagine the volume of the space, that opens on the 14th of November. We open up the entire Strip in early December. We open a noodle shop that Corey named La La Noodle on December 12 for some reason. Roy Choi opens a restaurant called Best Friend, that opens on the 15 of December. Eataly opens on the 27th of December, the nightclub venue opens on the 28th of December, that's the day Lady Gaga starts her extended shows at Park Theater, which you can imagine the response to that, particularly post her great movie. Britney starts in February, Aerosmith in April. We've never had a line-up of performers that we've had ever as it relates to Park MGM. So, the ramp should be nice going into the Western New Year's period, certainly a hot spot during Knights home games and going into next year, literally everything will be done. And so it's been painful. It's been a long, arduous process, but it's worth the effort. And I think you'll see pretty rapid ramp up of cash flows as all those elements come into place for 2019.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. I think that's fair, Corey. This is a new property basically and so new brand, new property, it's going to – we expect it to go through a ramp up like MGM National Harbor did to where it's doing extraordinarily well now and the way MGM Springfield is right now, we expect that to ramp up from an absolute cash flow perspective in a determined fashion. We expect the same kind of focus at Park MGM.
James Joseph Murren: Well, I was just going to say that I think you have mentioned about the event calendar, there's really no change this year versus last year.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. But I mean in terms of tent-pole events, concerts, fights, et cetera, we're pro forma-ing a pretty similar quarter.
James Joseph Murren: My expectation is that MGM Resorts' economic interest in MGP will decline. I don't know whether we'll sell any shares. I expect that MGP is going to grow, grow I think as rapidly as it has grown since it's gone public, and grow with other operators. And in doing so, our economic interest will go down. It's a target of ours that we think is a reasonable target. When we articulated last quarter, we have expectations that MGP is going to continue to grow rapidly and in the meantime, we're rooting them on.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah, the only thing I'd add, Grant, is that I don't think the government has any expectations. They're going to go right up into the last moment here. The discussions are ongoing and prompt and timely.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. And I think what Robin was asking is, are we anticipating whatever it is we might have to do, is it within that free cash flow per share. And we are comfortable with that free cash flow per share target of $3.50 given everything that we know including our hope and expectation and our license is extended in Macau.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. Yes, I was with Commissioner Bettman yesterday inking the NHL deal which we're very proud of. And that you add to that one the NBA deal we did about three months ago and of course, the JV with GVC. First, we'll maybe start with the JV. Board has met several times. We have hired a terrific CEO that has deep experience came from GVC. The infrastructure has been put into place in terms of the governance. Hiring is underway, office sites are being scouted as we speak. Partnerships for the JV and other forms of technology, sports content, et cetera is underway. We know we picked the right company in GVC. They are relentless, they're aggressive, they're smart. They feel the way we do about the opportunity in the United States, not only in sports betting, but in the whole interactive platform. They're rooting us on as relates to our league relationships that we're forming. And between the two of us, we've been reaching out in a targeted way to a variety of sports teams, not only within the four major sports, but more broadly globally in other sports as well. As it relates to early days, we're already doing as much business in Borgata as any of our luxury properties do out here from almost a standing start and we're doing equally well in Mississippi. I think our playMGM app is finally now into the Apple Store.
James Joseph Murren: In New Jersey, which is a big positive development. And we're working literally on a state-by-state basis with the appropriate state agencies to help those states craft the best legislation for the respective states. I can't overemphasize how exciting we think this is going to be over time for the bricks and mortar business of MGM Resorts as we develop global partnerships, global relationships with customers and cross market to our existing resorts. And I could say that the early days are – given us great confidence of that, both in terms of New Jersey, of course, but here in Las Vegas. And we expect the states to roll out in kind of a predictable fashion over the next few years and we expect to have a very large percentage of the total interactive market here.
James Joseph Murren: I think the last point I'd make on it that the approach that I have – I've very much admired the approach the leagues are taking, which is an evolving philosophy as it relates to sports betting here in the United States and the aligned values that we have with the leagues and the teams in terms of the integrity of the product, the importance of data getting the greatest in-game betting experiences, it's going to be a very competitive marketplace. There are a lot of fine companies globally that are already participating in sport spending and interactive in general and we just intend to be the leader in it, that's all.
James Joseph Murren: They're not mutually exclusive and I think you'll find us being strategic on individual teams as well. It starts, I think, with a shared philosophy which we have and a shared trust and familiarity and a common purpose. We just can't afford to have anything go awry here in sports betting and I think what has attracted the leagues that we've transacted with to MGM is our single-minded focus on the propriety of the product. And so I think we felt it was important to establish a couple of tent-poles, which we expect to continue to evolve over time. As it relates to individual teams, we're in a vast number of discussions with teams across the country and in fact around the world. And I think it comes down to the same core principles I just mentioned with the leagues, to have a shared vision of what sports betting in the interactive experience could mean to the players of those teams, the teams' values themselves, the fan experience and engagement within the venue, the broader fan engagement outside of the venue. And some teams have a more constructive view on this than others. And I think it's just going to be a matter of going through all that. The key to all of this and why GVC is so important, but why the league relationships are so important is the technology, the product and the data that we can utilize. And I think that's why we looked at the interactive business in a holistic way. We know we have great brands, but so do our competitors, some of them – not many, but some of them. We needed to have great technology. We have found that in a great partner. We have very strong government relationships, which are a strength here. We're noted as a company in problem gaming, in responsible gaming and from an integrity perspective, which bodes well in talking to teams and to leagues. And of course we've established a vast advantage in sports by our history of whether it's the MGM Resorts Summer League here with the NBA or the Las Vegas Aces. We're helping house the Vegas Golden Knights, of course, helping bring the soon-to-be Las Vegas Raiders to Las Vegas. It's a matter of making sure that we utilize these in a holistic way and using the leagues and their content to help our properties, which is why we are hosting multiple events at, say, Mandalay Bay, multiple venues here at Bellagio, Aria, et cetera.
James Joseph Murren: We, I think one of the data points I just pointed to in that large-scale convention booker is the value proposition that Las Vegas represents. The U.S. economy, as it has grown has made Las Vegas on a relative basis even a more attractive destination from a price perspective. And we monitor this against all of our major competitive cities around the country and in fact around the world. So, it has been something that we always focus on. We don't think it has been an issue. We always evaluate these market conditions. And we look at not only the data we have, but the data that the LVCVA puts out and we know that from an ADR perspective, we're still much lower than cities like Orlando or Chicago or Hawaii, and – but we continue to tweak it and we always will.
James Joseph Murren: Thank you. And I guess I just want to thank everyone for joining. I know we ran a couple of minutes over. But I appreciate your interest today. Obviously, we had a challenging quarter, but did a little bit better than we expected. We're setting up nicely here in the fourth quarter next year. And we are absolutely utterly focused on delivering on our strategic objectives, which we reiterated in the investor deck, including that $3.50 a share of free cash flow in 2020 and without it. Thank you very much.
Corey I. Sanders: Sure. On group room nights for 2019, and I think you're right, Joe, I'm looking at it in first half and second half, but as we look at the entire year and as we look at also what's out there from a citywide perspective, we expect to be up. What we have on the books right now is pacing extremely well and we believe that we'll gain some market share in the group room night area. And in particular, LVCVA, I think, came out and said that they're going to be up 1%, 1.25%. We believe we will do much better than that on what we see on the books. And the comfort there is we have about 80% of what we think is going to be on the books already on the books. And that's probably the highest we've been in the last, ever since we've really started our budgeting process. From an event perspective, it's – that's also really hard, because we know where hockey's on the books and what other sporting events are on the books and there will be more events there, but that is also looking pretty positive. With regards to Mandalay Bay, Mandalay Bay will be up next year on convention book room nights. It's still not quite where we'd like to see them, but they definitely will have a nice increase compared to this year.
Corey I. Sanders: Hey Shaun, it's Corey. In general, I think whenever you have the base of convention in FIT, there is less promotional activity. So, there's peaks and valleys almost every quarter. I think obviously the fourth quarter, there will be a lot less of that with the citywides coming in. But in general, it's pretty similar to the way it's always been and probably got a little deeper in the third quarter. It's probably coming back to some normalcy in some periods of the fourth quarter, but there are still periods like right before the holidays where there is softness, just general softness that usually occurs that people are going to get the rooms filled.
Corey I. Sanders: And what I would add is, sort of the first half of 2019, even with those events, I think it will be very positive. We still have some rooms that are coming in under the current trends, but by the second half, we'll start seeing that price to where we will – closer to where we'd like to be. I would say 2020 is more focusing on even making that mix even more productive and focusing on our margins. And then I think around 2021 is when we should see the full ramp at the property.
Corey I. Sanders: The way we've always approached the convention is we really do price to market and there are times in softer periods we'll adjust the rates. Obviously, we'd much rather have a higher convention rate than a lower-end leisure package rate. So, yeah, we do that flexibility quite a bit. Another thing we've learned especially in this third quarter in particular is flexing our database and we think there is still an opportunity there. We know our competitor outmuscles us, especially in Las Vegas and how they fill in particular some of their core rooms. So we think there is an opportunity there also to help once again build that base to yield up to a higher level where we don't necessarily have that dependency on the OTA that we experienced in the third quarter.
Corey I. Sanders: Well, I think, Carlo, I think we were relatively in a, I'd say our norm – our current normal range last year on the casino side in terms of table games hold, although I think it was north of 25% last year. So, we typically forecast the kind of the midpoint and from that standpoint, so there's a little bit on the casino side when you look at where the hold is coming into play there. And then it really comes down to, December comes down to the last week of the month and who shows up, particularly on the casino side, on the high end for Western New Years. And so that's usually where fourth quarters are made or broken is really over that Western New Years kind of last four or five days of a month kind of comes into play. So, we're using the data we have to kind of run that – run those counts and those forecasts and I think that's kind of where we're landing at on those two fronts.
Corey I. Sanders: It could be, just the way the holidays are falling kind of early in Monday, Tuesday kind of combo. So you could see kind of a double weekend effect, so to speak, with the folks coming in Friday, Saturday, leaving on Sunday and a new group coming in for the New Year's. But that's the traffic pattern that we've got to kind of wait and see how that starts to fill in, in November and December.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. I'll answer that, Robin. If group rates are down a little, it's not going to have not much of an impact at all. It's a lower percent of our room mix than any other segment we have. What it allows us to do is yield up the other segments and pick and choose some of the okay segments that we want to focus on and center on. So more importantly than the rate, it's the base that it provides us to be able to drive the additional yield out of our rooms.
Corey I. Sanders: Sure. John, it's Corey. On the high-end side, it's actually the business has been pretty good and pretty strong still. We've seen very little impact at all on the ultra high-end customers and that level play. On the low end or the just the normal consumer, it is a very small percentage and many of them come in tour buses and tour groups and are mainly at the lower rate. So there's been maybe a slight impact, but not enough material to impact our business. It's just not a big enough piece of our business.
Corey I. Sanders: And what I would add also is we've heard comments like it's going to ruin Las Vegas business. Our Las Vegas business is up actually tremendously important both in – we mainly look at the major sport of football pro and college is up over 50%. Our mobile is up over 60%. So I think the whole thing is beginning to take off with the legalization of it.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah, it's something we usually don't share, that we were definitely up in that area and we used that as a strategic component. But in general, it's usually bigger than the convention block, but smaller than our FIT block and we think there's opportunities to really move that up a few percent.
