Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. We're very pleased, obviously with all we've accomplished thus far this year. Our strategic actions together with the improving domestic backdrop, continued focus on operational excellence, and strong conviction in Macau's recovery position us very well for the future. There's a lot to be excited about when we think about our path on delivering our long-term vision. We remain focused, disciplined, and ultimately transparent. With that, we'll open to your questions. Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: That's a simple question, Joe thank you. Look, Jonathan said it, I've said it you've heard us say it consistently. We are committed to becoming the premier gaming entertainment company in the world. We'd like to think we hold the key position in it already. We have expressed desires in digital, the obvious I must say our strategy doesn't refer and hinge simply on one other company. We are very excited by our JV with BetMGM and we continue to grow that we have a great working relationship with that and it's productive. Jonathan has already shared the company's position on share buybacks and we'll continue to look. But the good news is, I mean we've got six or nine months before these transactions close and time is our friend. And so, we're going to be disciplined about the approach.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, I'll turn this to Corey in a second, but just kick it off by saying, look I think I like the balance of the whole hospitality industry. We are suffering universally our share of labor shortages, some supply chain issues, they're not critical, but they are important. We've done everything we can. We've done incentives and other things to motivate people back to work. I think we all believe come the end of September, we'll hopefully see some increase in terms of people's willingness between the negotiations here, particularly with the legislature in Nevada unemployment hopefully weighing in some respects, but we've been managing through it and effectively. I think the team has done a really good job with it. It has hampered some midweek occupancies and - we have pushed up our business and therefore our ADRs and we've yielded effectively and so I think it's helped our margins. So Corey, I don't know if you want to pick it up from there.
Bill Hornbuckle: What we're trying to do everything we can not to completely change the paradigm now until things settle in. And so, we continue to think about it in that context.
Bill Hornbuckle: I mean mid-week and really through the balance of this year, we're going to have about a 1.2 million group room nights, give or take. Obviously, we're all watching COVID closely in the coming weeks here, but we've had very limited cancellations, we've actually had a couple of upticks interestingly. And so that will be paramount to really setting the stage going forward. But again, long-term 2022 and 2023 fundamentally are looking great, and we've had no substantive cancellations given even what's happened in the last week. So I think Corey's estimate is spot on.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, obviously you heard yesterday on Tom's call, they're going to step into the space in a subjective way now and chase it with about $1 billion. So there'll be a real competitor. And if you think about what they do and what we do, it's the most likely competitor to us in the context of same-store loyalty presentation, ability to omnichannel and monetize across a broader platform brick and mortar as well as digital. We are heavily into our loyalty push. We have appointed several senior executives both here and at BetMGM, who are marketing focused on doing exactly that. You heard me express earlier the amount of interchange between BetMGM and M-life and vice versa. And we also have a strong push in moving regional play through BetMGM and through just the regional properties back at Las Vegas. We'll have yet another product launch coming up here very soon. If you look at the deck, we provided - you can see some of those product enhancements. The team at BetMGM is working around the clock on this to get it prepared for football and I think it will speak to a lot of things of note loyalty, retention, and our ability to lower our ultimate CPA, which is the goal, here will stick.
Bill Hornbuckle: Our Las Vegas EBITDAR would have been 30% higher this quarter, had we consolidated CityCenter, which - it’s a phenomenal business, which outperforms our citywide averages on virtually every dimension. So I'm enthusiastic about having it be consolidated into our financial results.
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, I'd love to think that the movement we've made pushing regional customers, we've watched for too long frankly with great interest with our colleagues next door have been doing, our market mix is half of theirs. We know we can increase that. So we think that's sustaining. Obviously, what we have done best historically is high-end international business. We're well positioned. We have a plant in Macau obviously we have regional offices all over Asia. I would like to see us get back into that business. I think there's some real growth there. And I think interestingly the demographic has changed to a younger audience and they've gotten more acclimated to gaming. We've seen it throughout this past year, a lot of these numbers remember - the older folks like myself have generally stayed away for health concerns. And I think, we've seen the emergence if you will, of another marketplace it's called millennial that we haven't seen for a while. So, we're all pretty excited about driving that in some of the platform technology things we talked about earlier with M-life we think will be meaningful in that regard.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, we're looking at it right now and we're looking at our floors. We actually what we did during COVID and since we've opened, we've right-sized our floors. And we've actually laid them out, you'll PODs, you'll see better vision, better excitement. We think there's also opportunities in pockets to increase our capital spend with some decent ROIs and we're looking at that right now.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, but I want to remember - remind I should say, look we talked about focus, we talked about discipline, and we've talked about our vision being a gaming company at foremost. And so, look, we're gaming and entertainment might intersect themselves will be there, where digital will be there. We have some reinvestments back in our properties. We think that's important over the next couple of years, in terms of room remodels and some other things, I don't know, we'll go too far afield, I don't think that's probably in our best interest or our shareholders. So I think you'll see us disciplined and very focused on the idea of driving this whole omnichannel into a different and better place, as we think about the next decade or so.
Bill Hornbuckle: Robin, I don't think we're going to comment right now. I appreciate the question, but I think - we're not going to comment right now.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, thank you Chad. And I'll be quick, since this is going a little bit over. Again, I just want to call out and thank our team both universally and specific the deal teams that got us through this quarter with this tremendous pace. We're coming off an amazing quarter, July is even more so. So I know what we have put in play is trackable, is doable, and sustainable. And so, we're very excited by that. Labor and supply chain remain an issue for our company, as it does the industry, but we've also learned a lot from that, by not having some things that easily accessible to us, we figured out different and potentially better ways to do things. And so those learnings aren't going to go away. We're going to remain vigilant and keep the pressure on with COVID, particular as it relates to our employees and making sure we get them vaccinated. We're making good headway over the last 30 days and continue to push on that aggressively. We look forward to our group business returning in the back half of the year and have no reason to believe at this date that it won't with some velocity. BetMGM continues to shine and there's no reason to believe that second half of this year is not going to do the same. And as we've all talked about, we have this tremendous liquidity position we're now looking at and so the future is bright and the opportunities I think extensive. But again, we're going to be patient and disciplined about what we do and when we do it so, having said that, I appreciate everyone's attendance and thank you all.
Jonathan Halkyard: Joe, it's Jonathan, I would only add that it is - it is such a dynamic environment right now, we are certainly all hands on deck as our operations continue to grow and recover here in the U.S. We do believe the shares are attractively valued right now, which is why we've been active in the market. We expect to continue to be so. But I really like our position in terms of our current liquidity and the expected liquidity with the transactions in Springfield and with Vici to be in a good position just with the way that things continue to change and we expect them to evolve over the next several months and years.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, thank you for the question, Carlo, and it's well posed, because there are a few dynamics going on here. One is certainly the just the higher levels of casino spend from our customers that we've been experiencing over the past six months and we're not simply just kind of taking this business, we are driving that demand through our marketing channels. And so, we've earned those revenue levels for sure. But they are elevated compared to what they've been in the past and that's what I referred to in our remarks is some expectation that over time as other avenues for spending are available in our properties that perhaps that mix normalizes a bit, but at the same time our hotel RevPAR is still below, where it was back in 2019 fairly materially both by occupancy, as well as overall rates. And that presents tremendous upside, that's high margin revenue for us. We fully expect to be able to get back to those levels over the next year or so and that will lead to - that will be very profitable revenue growth for us, at the same time much of that of course is going to come with the recovery of the group business. So there are the puts and takes as you put it. We're just - we're doing the best we can to account in the future for the impact that some of our labor additions are expected to have, but there are clearly sources of upside in revenue and even margin performance mostly around the hotel mix.
Jonathan Halkyard: It is. So in broad strokes, what will happen is VICI and MGP will merge and MGM's OP units or the vast majority of them will be redeemed for cash and that - $4.4 billion in cash, and that will be tax deferred and in keeping the 1% interest in the combined company, what will happen is on those remaining units, those - the basis of those units will be reduced by the amount of the gain that we will have on the $4.4 billion and this will be subject to a 15-year tax protection agreement with VICI, which protects us against that gain being triggered through any sales of the assets. So it's a 15-year tax deferred receipt of $4.4 billion and the remaining interest is critical to that - to that tax analysis.
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure and I appreciate you bringing it up, because I do - I know this is a huge opportunity for MGM Resorts, I mean we have a fantastic loyalty program with 36 million members, which is growing in significant part by BetMGM right now. And so it's a - it's a large and important loyalty program and where I think some of the sources of upside are particularly around cross property play here in Las Vegas and kind of the transparent portability of those rewards across the network in Las Vegas. And then in driving regional customers of ours and members of the M-life Loyalty Program to our properties, when they visit in Las Vegas, which we know that they already do. I think that this effort of course is led by Steve Zanella, our Chief Commercial Officer. But here is where Tilak Mandadi has phenomenal talent that has just joined us from Walt Disney is going to be hugely impactful, as he helps us really build out the technology platform and the overall design of that of that program in its next instance, so there's - there's a lot of work going on around that effort right now. And I'm really confident it's going to have a real impact for us in 2022.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. You are in the right ballpark. The changes are really the city center, which we expect to close at the end of the third quarter and that will introduce increased rent of $215 million, so you'll be - you'll be close on that. And then regarding the cash taxes, that's something that's still - we're still working on right now as it relates to 2022. So, I think I'd prefer to defer that question until we get a little bit later in the year.
Jonathan Halkyard: So on its surface, remember the program with Orix is 40-40-20, meaning a consortium all the Japanese companies will make up to 20%, if not we both fill to 50. The project itself is call it $10 billion, we think it's a little lower but, call it $10 billion for simple math, call it 55% debt to equity. So for us it's a $2 billion to $2.25 billion check probably over '24, '25, and '26, give or take if you want to think about how that might flow itself through the - through the system. I think longer term, look, there is a commitment, we are making to Japan and to Osaka that we would be a true partner in this. There is an actual requirement for 30% equity in it to be - to be classified or qualified if you will, but REITs are something that are in Japan, and so I think longer-term we'll see, but in the short term, it's about a $2 billion to $2.5 billion cash commitment over three years. And depending on, again on license '24, '25, and '26 is probably the best way to think about that.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. Thank you for the question, Stephen. You know that that transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2022, so the plans for the allocation of that capital will begin soon. They've already begun actually and - but the actual cash won't come to the company for probably nine months or so. And like I said in the - in the prepared remarks, really our first order of business at these - at these levels, we think our shares are attractively valued, so we'll be aggressive purchasers of those shares. Beyond that, we'll look for opportunities to - inorganic opportunities to really further the company's vision as a premier gaming entertainment company globally. In terms of our leverage targets, the company's capital structure is changing from traditional senior debt structure to the - to the leases that we have and that will certainly - that certainly impacts our thinking about leverage, because the lease payments do represent financial leverage on the business and lease adjusted leverage level of four to five times, we think is reasonable for a business of our geographic diversification. And so that's the way we'll be thinking about it going forward on a lease-adjusted basis.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Robin. I'll offer a - few thoughts and then turn it over to Bill. There is really no tax reason why we could not deploy that capital as a dividend to our shareholders or for returning capital to shareholders through other means and in fact that remains a priority for us. It is their capital that represents in a broad terms, I think about it as releasing capital from the real estate in this business, bringing it up for other uses including returning to shareholders. My comment about the inorganic opportunities, I'm sure that can be development, can be M&A and it's really in recognition that it's a very dynamic environment and market with some interesting things going on. And so, we really like our position having this kind of liquidity available to seize on those, but I'll turn it over to Bill.
Corey Sanders: Yes, what I would add Joe is, we've made a lot of headway over the last few weeks in finding the labor that we needed. As Bill mentioned, we have had some incentives. It's not going to be very material at all on the impact of our labor cost.
Corey Sanders: Yes, Chad hi. The question has been asked in the last few quarters, when we think we'll get back to 90% and I think we're there and that has accelerated. I think when we get back to exact on 2019 levels will be when the convention business comes back in a pretty solid level. We're seeing some pretty positive bookings and trends in 2022, so it could be as early as the first or second quarter of 2022 that were at 2019 levels, especially on the non-gaming revenues.
Corey Sanders: And what I would add - what I would add Carlo is a few pieces of our business that are missing, we just opened up the restaurants. There is an opportunity to make some additional EBITDA there. Yes, it will be a little bit less margin and then the entertainment side and we're seeing some great demand there that also will put a little bit of pressure on our margins, but it will increase our cash flows.
Corey Sanders: And just a few data points to that, we have just began some of these initiatives. Our cross regional for the quarter was actually up 25%, so we're pretty excited about that opportunity there. We're just touching the surface and even when we talk about BetMGM and what it means to a property, our Detroit active M-life customers in Q2 were actually up 40% from Q4 2019. So we're seeing that actual sign up in that market actually translate to bricks and mortar customers and you actually would see that in the July results, which Detroit does publish the results we had a record market share in Detroit.
Corey Sanders: Sure. Shaun, this is Corey. Yes, that's one of our big strategies that we're definitely working on. We are working on pre-COVID is the mix in maximizing that mix, and we've had a lot of success in this period and we've been able to increase our transient mix, obviously, as Jonathan mentioned in his opening comments, the casino mix is up. But more importantly, we're shifting the mix from the OTA package business, which is our least profitable business and seen increases in the land business, which is very similar to our transient business. So we're very optimistic on what we're seeing there and when that convention business comes back, we think there is additional opportunities to maximize our mix.
Corey Sanders: This is Corey, John, we've ran it like we've owned a 100% of it, but we do think there are opportunities, how we synergize with Bellagio for example, Vdara is right - is closer to the Bellagio Convention Center as it is to Aria. And we think there is some other additional operational efficiencies that could be gained owning a 100% of it, but we're pretty excited about finally getting our hands on it.
Corey Sanders: And what I would say is, I think we have our cost pretty locked in. Obviously, there is always opportunities, now it is a revenue discussion and how we continue to maximize that and how we can grow organically higher than what we're seeing in cost of living, I think some of the digital initiatives, we're working on that, the mix will help that. As Bill mentioned, their customer base were up over 50% M-life customers in that group. And if we could figure out how to capture them and we believe we have ways to do that and keep them in the properties, we think there is opportunity for revenue lift.
BillHornbuckle: Well, David, let me - let me kick it off and maybe Corey can jump on here. In the margin that we did this quarter is not sustainable, I think we've said that in a couple of different ways, but what I think it's really relevant is that where we are versus where we're going to end up is a substantial difference up. And so as high - high value, high revenue, high cost things like a Lady Gaga show come into play, it just - it works on your margins, given particularly as the higher-end business returns, whether it'd be ultimately from Asia or other places. It will kick in. And so, I don't think - I hope you haven't heard us say we're going to sustain, where we are this quarter that wasn't the message. The message is we have learned a lot. We're going to be appreciably better than we've been in, I can't remember in our history and there are certain things we'll never do again, whether it's buffet openings or how we think about labor or services or products, given what we've all gone through for the last 18 months, there's a massive amount of learnings, if I'd even think about our business, I mean just look at our corporate enterprise, we had 4750 FTEs, we're under 3,000 today. We will never go back to 4750 FTEs full stop. And so, I hope the message is, from our perspective, we're not going to sustain where we are, but they will be much better than they've ever been historically and I'm pretty excited about where I think they're going to end up ultimately.
BillHornbuckle: And David, maybe a final comment there is four areas, we're consistently after the high end. And so, we're looking at the program and modifying it and making sure digitally more things are accessible. We're after retail high end, meaning I don't mean retail stores, I mean we have a great deal of business that roams around here that aren't principally gaming customers that we think there is an opportunity to recognize with loyalty. Obviously, the regional play that Corey has mentioned and Jonathan at BetMGM are really the four key drivers. And one interesting tidbit I'd stumbled on this morning, Corey just mentioned it somewhat in Michigan, one of the questions that's come up with BetMGM is about cannibalization. It's interesting, Detroit just got 46.5% market share in brick and mortar and we lead the market in iGaming at 38% and that's an increase from the mid-30s, we were 43% in June, we're 46.5% in July and we're holding a 38% market share in iGaming. And so the idea that omnichannel can and will work and not be cannibalizing is something I'm very excited by moving forward.
BillHornbuckle: Well, Michigan a lot and then we continued to push on programing host et cetera, in terms of incentives and otherwise, to get them to sign up our customers. And we're just more active in the database in terms of making BetMGM known to them and available to them.
BillHornbuckle: We do, remember iGaming just got going second, really into the second quarter, not even in the first quarter, you've got football I think with better programing, better database to pull upon, we've got a couple of states that are on the horizon of coming out, you've got Maryland, you've got something we've just done in DC, Arizona's around the corner. So I think between an increase in states the full year, if you will, of iGaming and some other potential things that we continue to market, hence the numbers we just talked about. We feel pretty comfortable about the GGR - BetMGM, excuse me.
BillHornbuckle: Look, in New York, it was disappointing, we weren't able to get it through the legislature. It was closed. We're going to take another run at it, but the reality of that is, we're probably looking at 2023, before there is a real decision to be made there. We still have a keen interest in taking - casino when there were no casino and time to tell what ultimately gets invested there and how we partner that up, but we remain excited by that, obviously given location and scale, it's kind of hard not to be. We'll watch Georgia and Texas over time with interest, but again those are long-term deals. They both require I believe a referendum, I know Texas does. And so that's not going to happen overnight. And so, I think domestically we're going to try to push for Ohio in the context of a casino, but that'll be time again, so there's nothing immediate down the horizon in terms of real development. I think the only way to think about development for the near term is the Japan discussion we just had.
