Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Keith. And good morning and welcome to MGM Resorts fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com and a replay of the call will be made available on our website. We furnished our press release this morning on a Form 8-K to the SEC. And on this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: What I would add, Harry, we saw the pricing strength especially during the big conferences like CES, we had a record day for the entire company. On the first quarter, the big challenge there is Easter comes at the end of March, which is usually a slower period of time especially on the convention side. So, to show our mid-single-digit RevPAR growth for the first quarter, I think, is pretty strong with – especially when you look at our last year's RevPAR growth.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure, Carlo. I'll take that. The – our actual slot win in the quarter was up about 1%. And when you look at the year-over-year comparison on the revenue line item, we're actually down because of that prior year accrual adjustment to our slot revenue numbers. So, our win was actually up marginally, but for the revenue side of the equation, from an accounting standpoint, the tough comparison was really in the contra revenue account for slots.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: So, Joe, you're right. And as Jim mentioned, we are ahead of where we thought we would initially be. We got out of the gate pretty quickly under Chris' leadership and the rest of the project management team's leadership. We were able to achieve in certain areas faster and quicker than we originally thought. Probably about half of the $35 million impact was from revenue ideas and initiatives, and the remainder were on the cost side of the equation. So, we think those are some of the quicker, easier-to-market initiatives that we're benefiting right now. I think what you'll see is that, that creates the baseline for us on a quarterly basis to kind of grow as some of the larger, more complicated initiatives that we've been working on, will start to roll out either late in 2015 or start to roll out here in 2016 and gain more traction throughout the upcoming months here in 2016. And so, I think we're ahead of pace from that standpoint. I think some of the more complicated larger initiatives will start impacting the 2015 first couple quarters here.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Great. Well, thank you all for participating. We've run over a little bit, so we apologize for that, but we appreciate your participation today and we'll be around all day for any follow-up questions. So, thank you and have a great day.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Grant. I'd just say a couple of brief things and I want to get to your questions. We had obviously a busy year last year. The converted CityCenter started paying its first dividends. We announced a PGP plan, and as I said, it's tracking really well. And we of course announced a very transformational transaction when we announced MGP. Those actions last year, we believe set MGM up for another great year in 2016; got a lot to look forward to. We're off to a very good start in the first quarter. In the second quarter, we opened up the arena, The Park. Later that year, we're opening up a theatre at Monte Carlo. We have the opening at the end of the year of MGM National Harbor, which will be stunning. And moving into next year, of course, we have Grant's project in Macau, followed by MGM Springfield in 2018. We are well ahead of our plans as it relates to Profit Growth Plan, and we're dedicated to this being a way-of-life at MGM, improving margins, increasing efficiencies, driving revenue and cash flows, not only restoring the profitability that we had in 2007, but exceeding it because of the growth of our company, the scale and the way we operate. We're excited about MGM Growth Properties. We're going to have a lot more to talk about in the coming months. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to the operator, so we can get to your questions.
James Joseph Murren: So, right. I think just to summarize that last point. So, I think what we're saying is that we had more slot promo activity in the fourth quarter of 2014. We did that to fill rooms in the fourth quarter of 2014 with much more convention business in the fourth quarter of 2015, which meant we pulled back on some of our slot marketing programs. And as a result, our slot margins and our profits were actually higher in the quarter.
James Joseph Murren: Well, we have – I think we view this as a marathon and we have a few legs, maybe it's a decathlon, because we have a few legs of this race. Number one, we need to be assured that we're making the right decision here with creating this triple-net lease REIT and we believe we are making the right decision. It's required a lot of our corporate finance, legal accounting work. We've made a lot of regulatory progress on this, and we feel like that is a priority to properly birth this new company, this UPREIT this year and make sure it's on a strong footing. And by the way, you'd have a great fourth quarter if you were to pull out MGP's properties in a great year. Its RevPARs, in fact, better than rest of the company. Its RevPARs in the fourth quarter up 12%, cash flow was up 17% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. For the year, MGP properties were up 7% in RevPAR, up 14% in cash flow. So, first order of business I think is to do that. The second, and this is on a parallel path, is to look at our portfolio to determine where we can provide value to the shareholders through a corporate finance transaction. And obviously Crystals would be front and center on that given the very low cap rates, and the high attractiveness of that asset. And suffice to say there'll be more to discuss on that, sooner rather than later. The third point to answer your question would be do our joint ventures change their capital structure, do they dividend out more money? Certainly possible, given the low leverage in a couple of our joint ventures. Do they change their capital structure, because we get little or no credit for the actual ownership of many of those joint ventures, because the way you all value companies from an enterprise value to EBITDA perspective. Certainly worth discussing, do they become opportunities for the new company, MGP going forward? Obviously, part of the discussion, and how do we continue to fulfill the promises that we've made in terms of deliberate deleveraging of MGM Resorts International, and deliberate growth in our cash flows. And I have to say that, we have a lot of tools at our disposal to do that. But we're very focused here, we have a – not a large corporate finance team, but a mighty one and we have a clear vision of what we should do over the next year or two years. And if we execute on our internal vision, we think everyone is going to be well rewarded including the shareholder employees like the people in this room that are working at the company.
James Joseph Murren: Okay. You want to have – we're going to ask couple of people answer that, because maybe, Dan, you can start on the quarterly, just to get a sense of pace on that. But we have a special guest star in Chris Nordling, who is running that program for us, and he could give you a little more color on why we're confident about our ability to perform there.
James Joseph Murren: Well, I'm getting like a stare down from my lawyer across the table here. So, if I get muzzled, it's because of somebody else, but I'll give it a shot. Look, we could have dusted somebody off the shelf and inserted them in as a CEO of MGP, I could have done that, could have found someone we like that we know well, that have had a fine career in gaming, and given him a job and found some CFO that looking for work or something. These – those two hires should be very illustrative, very illuminating to you and to everybody. We were deliberate in our search. We looked at people in the triple-net lease space, we looked to people in the hotel REIT space, we looked at hotel operator space, we looked at former gaming people and the resumes of James and Andy speak for themselves in terms of their experience, transactional experience in gaming, lodging, hospitality, entertainment. They're in the prime in their careers and they're not sitting around waiting for the phone to ring. The Board that we put together, very deliberate in terms of a premier corporate governance person, a highly regarded Wall Street person, a highly experienced and regarded REIT executives now working for us. MGP is not going to be in my opinion in after thought some captive subsidiary of MGM Resorts. It will be, its own company with its own governance, with its own flight path. And we hope to see it grow rapidly because, no one benefits more from MGP's success than MGM Resorts. No one benefits more from its ability to grow internally, as it did with the properties in the fourth quarter and for the year. Its ability to execute transactions, to continue to grow, its ability to be a counterparty, potentially to transactions that we enter into with them, because of the (46:59) that MGP has on our projects at National Harbor and in Springfield, and its ability to grow outside of anything that MGM Resorts has cooked up or has got in mind. The gaming landscape is very diverse, and there are many assets out there, that could be very appealing. And I can't speak for that company, it's only not now in this state. But I think it would be pretty obvious to say that there will be lots of opportunities for that enterprise, whether or not MGM Resorts manages anything that ends up making an investment in. So, we're very, very deliberate in this, and very excited about its potential for the MGM Resorts shareholders, because of its ability to diversify and its ability to really – I think ones and for all answer a question of what are our assets worth at MGM Resorts. What are the physical assets as well as our operating brand assets worth and I think the market will determine this, once there are two separate companies.
James Joseph Murren: Okay. But I hear she's great. So we have a lot of casino events. Yeah. I think it's – the colleagues here who have daughters made a point on that. So I would say that given the activity that we've seen at least early days really super early days in Las Vegas as it relates to Super Bowl which is a really good indicator of national play being – having that kind of national play was very rewarding, seeing what's going on in terms of our activities, I'd have to say that that's a positive. We know that our Chinese business has been down so we anticipated sluggish volumes during Chinese New Year's, but as I say we win and lose every day in that, so it's really early days on that part, but I have to say we're pretty pleased about how the year is beginning. So, I'll turn it over to Grant.
James Joseph Murren: We expect that to continue. I think it's important to – I have to take a step back because its stocks down, which we don't understand. The breathless headlines of losses in Macau are absurd. We wrote up MGM China by $3.5 billion in 2011, and we reversed some of that this year. And the other part of the mix was simply purely tax. On every other basis, we obviously exceeded anyone's expectations and the reason why I bring that up, is when you look at what even happened in the fourth quarter, it should be illustrative of what's happening. In the fourth quarter, we had a great fourth quarter here in Las Vegas. And even properties that didn't do as well as they did a year ago in many cases were well ahead of their budget. I mean I'm looking at the MGM Grand, crushed its budget in the fourth quarter by over $20 million. What's happening here in the first quarter is nothing but spectacular from a standpoint of looking forward into 2016. Our RevPARs are growing. I don't remember a time when we talked about the second half of the year here in February, but because we see such strong convention business, which accrues to the benefit of all 42,000 rooms, but particularly to the core properties, as evidenced in the past, I would have to say that the core properties are off to a great start and also have a lot of runway here for 2016 on the revenue side. On the profit side, to have over 300 basis point improvement in margins, company-wide, think about what the margin potential is for the core properties and the luxuries, but really the cores which were devastated by the recession. And look at their peak to trough margins and how we are very determined to bring those back to peak margins and with PGP, I think we'll get there. As it relates to the luxury properties, ARIA had a record, Bellagio had a monster quarter, and we're off to a good start from the standpoint of the activities that we see in the year. And so, setting ourselves up for 2016 is as exciting for us as in any year that I can recall. So, I just wanted to make that – put that in context is that we have now put ourselves in the catbird seat as a market, relative to other markets in the United States because of the literally no supply and surging demand for Las Vegas as a product. We, at MGM, will beat the market as we have in the past; because of the capital investments that we are making, we'll beat the market I believe on the revenue side and certainly, we'll be able to drive that revenue down to higher margins and higher profitability from a cash flow side. And I think no property – I could tell you in the budget that was just approved by the board, no properties looking to be down year-over-year. Many of them are looking to be up substantially, and it's because of the capital investments that we've made and because of what we see on the books already.
James Joseph Murren: We didn't give a timetable. We said we're on track. So, which means that from the major points that we needed to get across – to get accomplished, I should say, one would be regulatory, made great progress there, not that there was as much to do for us as other companies. Second was with the SEC, tremendous progress there. The third was to work with our underwriters and our bankers to setup the capital structure and I think Dan and Jim Freeman and the team have done a really great job with very strong demand from our commercial bank partners. So we feel very, very good about the capital structure. And now it's a matter of working – finishing up the S-11, making that a public document, establishing a roadshow schedule, establishing teach-ins, none of which we can discuss with you today in terms of the timing, but nothing we said last November I guess when we talked about this has changed in terms of our timetable.
James Joseph Murren: Well, you want to take that? I'll maybe start, Grant, and then, you can jump in. We took this decision internally as just a smart financial decision. We didn't have to push this off a few months. We did so because we feel like it's in the best interest of the MGM China and the MGM Resort shareholders. It certainly benefits 2016 from a standpoint of less pre-opening expense in the back half of the year. It certainly allows us to reduce the amount of over time that we would have to incur, to rush to a deadline. And it certainly allows us to make sure that we have the best possible product when we open. There's no way of us knowing when the other guys are going to open and there's no way we're going to pace an opening based on somebody else's opening. That would set false precision, because we don't have their internal dialogue or timetable, they're not going to share it with us and if they did, it might not be correct because people have certainly missed published deadlines multiple times in the past. I think what's important from our standpoint is that we keep to our budget, which I'm proud that we're doing, that we produced a great product, that we open it when we believe it's ready. We open it from a standpoint of making sure that we thought about where the market is and what's happening and we don't open too soon because that would incur an awful lot of needless costs. And so, I think that brings you to our timetable and really the thought process to why it is the Board of MGM China felt that this was in the best interest of the shareholders.
James Joseph Murren: Okay. So, on the strip, we're only up little over 1%. The fact that we think we're going to up 6% this year and you saw what we did for the year, it certainly gives us some really good momentum going into balance of this year. That combined with the bookings that I talked about earlier in the call and the fact that we literally are almost completely booked out for 2016, which would require us literally because we know we're going to get in the year for the year, and we always do. It's going to mean that we're going to be able to move some people around and be more creative on our spaces, and that will have an impact. And really in the second half of the year, as we build momentum, is why we were able to feel comfortable giving you some second half guidance as well.
Corey I. Sanders: The – just looking at the fourth quarter, our attrition was 9%, which is usually lower than normal. Depending on what's convention, I would say the majority of them have showed increased attendance, there are a few that are flat, but in general if CES for example is an example, there is a nice little increase there.
Corey I. Sanders: That's great. Our usual trend is about 10%, we've been running about 12%. So, 9% is excellent for us.
Corey I. Sanders: And what I would add, Carlo, is a few things, one, we had fewer events in the Grand Garden from the year before and at Mandalay Bay. Two, I think with our bigger convention mix, we were – the year before, we probably pump that area a lot, especially the lower end casino side, which is probably not a great margin business. So, we were – we thought about not doing that in the fourth quarter this year. And then finally, if you look at some of our competitors' numbers, they obviously pumped up some of their rooms, which they didn't – haven't had in the past, which would improve the market's growth in the – in Las Vegas.
Corey I. Sanders: Sure. Yeah. I mean, if you look at what we did last year, last year first quarter, we did about 1.1%. It's usually one of our tougher quarters and with March flowing in there this year, makes it – I mean, with Easter flowing in there this year, it makes it a little bit harder. As we continue to press rates and continue to enhance our strategies, I would hope that we would continue to be able to grow RevPAR greater than that 6%.
