Bill Hornbuckle: Hey, Joe, I'll take you to Corey in a minute, but look sequentially, yes, there's been improvement. We've seen that. We mentioned under my comments about a couple of one-time charges principally around union benefits that were given the 15 million EBITDA meaningful to the quarter, the context of performance. October is doing as expected and then some, but there's a long way to go for the balance of the quarter.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, let me start at 40,000 feet and kind of work my way down. The general notion of being open versus closed for the quarter, provide the company net benefit of about a $0.5 billion. So collectively, we are very happy that we're open for the company, for the communities, particularly Las Vegas and our employees, and for our stakeholders has been very beneficial. We always go through and we'll do it for sure now, recognizing we've got about 29,000 employees back, we will go through an exercise for doing it now, as we speak about what do we keep open? And what do we close? There are certain amenities or certain towers or certain brands, potentially, that will face closure for mid November timeframe give or take through the holiday season. We'll see how it goes. And as we look at the top of the funnel, and we think about what's happened within the last week, and we think about what's happening collectively, sequentially, we continue to improve. It bodes well with the understanding that over the next couple of weeks, and obviously recognizing we're in an unprecedented election season. So don't know exactly what that's going to bring for the next couple of weeks in terms of bookings. We're keeping a really close eye on it as we go forward.
Bill Hornbuckle: So I would tell you September, which was the last time and we're going to read on October, in a couple days here was an exceptional booking month for the future. It's the best booking months, we've had in seven. And so I think the tell is that people are still booking into the future, they're excited to do so. Sequentially over the last couple of months were up a couple hundred percent in terms of confirmed contracts. And so I think that's all affirmative. I think the essence of it is in '20 - anytime '21 second half and beyond when people are confident that they can meet, they will come and fundamentally not much has changed. I think we have to get to this current environment. And then ultimately, in the interim, we have to prove what we do have, we can do safely, which to date we've managed to do so. And so beyond '22, we feel strong - '21 will be the year of let's see how this plays itself out.
Bill Hornbuckle: And maybe another way to quantify this, occupancies are down collectively about 50%. And our payroll is down equally 48. And so if you think about it, you think about overhead and stuff we have to have foundationally going forward. I think we've done a really good job controlling those controllable costs to the point of we've built back half our business with less than half our particularly our most expensive cost our payroll cost.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, John, for going forward. Appreciate it. So look, obviously we're in a great position. God forbid we have to use more of it than we have historically that we're going to stay and go in the right direction, which we're fairly confident across the system, we're going to be able to do that. But if we don't, obviously, we've got the liquidity in each of our markets, including the Macau to sustain and so we're excited by that. Getting ourselves back to norm, understanding by this time next year, what looks '22, '23, we'll begin to think about growth in real terms. We'll begin to think about ultimately, what we need to do here in Las Vegas to continue to own the marketplace to the extent that we do in some of our assets here. We'll continue to invest into sports betting. We are sincere about that opportunity. We demonstrated clearly that we are a key player in all of the markets that we're in. It's kind of interesting to me that we are third or better in all of those markets, but in fourth place in all of those markets, there is individually someone different. So there's like no fourth place clear winner. So continuing to invest to that business is critical to us because we think over the long haul, there's an amazing convergence of customers and activity that's going to be beneficial. Obviously, we have our eyes in Japan. That's the key prize, we think it's meaningful. It will take, don't know exactly, but between 1.5 billion and 2 billion of real liquidity over two or three years of a build cycle in the middle of this '23, four or five time like that. We've got to get there. That opportunity's been delayed, but we believe in earnest, we're in a great position. We want to continue to pursue that. And look, we'll be opportunistic. We're not overly focused on M&A, particularly here in Las Vegas. We think we own enough of Las Vegas to be open about it. But there will be other opportunities that the market presents to us that we'll have to take a sincere look at. But for now, we just love the safety and security of the liquidity.
Bill Hornbuckle: And obviously, at some point, shareholder return will come back into play. Obviously, we stopped paying a dividend and other things, and we'll play that out as time comes. But for now, we like the position we're in.
Bill Hornbuckle: I think it's a little bit more of same, the operative word is more. It's leaning heavy in the casino. Obviously, our convention business has gone to nil. There's more transient - interesting drive traffic is up in September, 8%. So about last year, by the way, when I say it's up 8%, about last year. So drive market at Southern Cal remained strong. Obviously, transit casino marketing as a percentage of our mix is in the 30s and traditionally it's much lower than that. And so the RevPARs coming out of that segment are very good. And so they outperform. So that's to our benefit. And without other major events to drive things I think that market mix here through the first quarter is going to probably sustain. And then hopefully, we grow back into a more normalized basis with conventions and whatnot.
Bill Hornbuckle: And then Felicia, we've put in Universal protocols around parking, admittance into various things in the building, recognizing some of the challenges we've had over the last couple of months, and I think we're in a much better spot. I don't want to knock on wood here. But the last several weeks, I think things have changed. The dynamic feels different, which is important to all of us. And so I think the community, we've done more than our fair share, but we think the community's risen to help make this a better, safer environment.
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure. So Shawn, look, they've been nothing but participative and active. Mr. Diller and Joey Levin, both board members came out and spend three days with us undertaking and understanding as much as they could the totality of the business. Obviously, we're leaning heavy at this point with spend in the BetMGM. So there's a keen focus on that and they've been very active helping us understand that and with that they've been helpful with us. We're trying to understand how to raise the bar in our loyalty program and the digitization of it and what to do and to drive share of wallet. They have a lot of exposure and experience there. And so overall message is, very excited they've joined, very active and very excited by that it's been nothing but collaborative and supportive. As far as Ryan Spoon now we had sourced him. ESPN and BetMGM have had ongoing conversations better part of nine months when a everyone was frenzy to find a media partner, we had met Ryan, liked him a lot. He thinks clearly about the business. He's extremely strategic. He's a product guy by nature. And so the actual offering and the app, we think he'll bring a lot to all of that. And it'll help us think about how not to do a media deal that's simply not an advertising buy, and how to get a true partnership with somebody that's going to be lasting and something different than some of the things that have happened to date. So we're really excited to he joined us. We did have Joey Levin of note, talk to him, because we wanted to get his perspective, it gives you kind of an indication of kind of the engagement these guys are actively doing with us. And we're excited by it. So I appreciate the question.
Bill Hornbuckle: I'll do my best, yeah. Okay, so look in the collective, obviously we have a JV with GVC. And the great news about that has been, they own the technology outright and therefore BetMGM is their contribution owns its own technology. And so that's a decisive advantage in the context of focus, what we can do with it, how it presents itself. And yes, we aim to have one app. We have one now everywhere, but here in Nevada, because of regulatory environment. And we look and hope to change that. And there's motions afoot to do that. And ultimately, and most importantly, hope to have one wallet, because that's really where you load up, whether it's here or any other of our casinos, you load up into your account the extent you can transfer that money back home and continue to play. And therefore we can have 365 engagement is essential to the relationship in the longer run. So the technology platform is essential. Having one look and one universe for the customer, that's both brick and mortar, in terms of M life experiences, betting experience, and ultimately, digital experiences, both in IGaming and in sports betting is critical. We do something fairly unique in our little play studio social gaming, we have a back and loyalty engine that ties customers to loyalty here and get some benefits to the extent that they spend time on that device. We want to do the exact same thing for this. And so it's been interesting in the last couple of months, last month of note 28% of the customers who signed up with BetMGM came from M life. And then the inverse happened 25% of the new customers for M life were BetMGM customers. And so you can instantly see and we're just getting going, where there's a convergence of it. We also identified in New Jersey 167,000 customers in the New Jersey Metro, meaning our market demo that haven't been touched yet by us that are now BetMGM customers. So we can go out and hold 167,000 new people, and we can go out ultimately offer up our Borgata offering. And so we think it's meaningful, we think it's going to be the differentiator over time, because we can tie digital into brick and mortar like nobody else. And so we think it's a big differentiator over time. The second part of the question, the sports leagues have been helpful. Candidly, we got a little over our skis in terms of time, meaning we jumped in with both feet. We are trying to develop everything from play games where to get people acclimated and get them going in a league like Major League Baseball, to where we have had active engagement in different contests and things and sponsorships with PGA of note. You probably saw just with the CJ Cup what happened last week at Shadow Creek or two weeks ago now. And so we continue to nurture those. We think the exposure for the BetMGM platform is unique and you've probably haven't turned on a TV recently Monday Night Football, World Series, it's expensive. And so we're leveraging on those deals to be able to get exposure to that brand in that way.
Bill Hornbuckle: We've done everything we can not to screw it up, not to touch it. No, I'm sure. I know the nature of the question. I get it. And we've hired a guy named Adam Greenblatt, runs the enterprise. And he comes out of GVC and runs it well, people like Ryan, who have now joined the enterprise. We have a brilliant CMO and CFO. And so we like what they're doing. We have literally gotten out of their way, obviously, regulatory and government affairs is stuff that we can provide access to M life and properties and retail businesses, stuff that we know and we provide, but we are trying not to manage that business. We want to let them manage it and to grow it. And so yeah, we're going to provide capital because it's capital intense, but we are trying to get out of its way.
Bill Hornbuckle: Okay. It's kind of interesting, I just looked at September numbers here from Nevada, 55% of the business is online, already. And so it is changing the nature of even how we do retail sports betting. They're no longer the race and sports books you probably traditionally have known. They're more - every place we can go, we've done this in our regional properties, we're starting to do it in Vegas. They're more lounge. And so it will help overhead. If people are digital, it'll keep people on the lines, it'll get them betting more. And ultimately, once in player comes in play, we think it'll really engage that explosion experience. But they are unique. They're great places to come enjoy your game. They're at scale. There's other benefits, obviously, people can enjoy in and around them. And so we're uniquely positioned in that regard and so we're pretty excited by it. To the extent we talked about overall investment. I think the one differentiator between us particularly in DraftKings is we're not doing a national ad campaign. You will see a lot - you've seen the thing we do with Jamie King, Fox King. Jamie King is someone, yeah, a personal friend of mine. But the thing we've done there is resonating, but it's only in market, so it's in those nine or actually pushed into a couple of new markets and we're about to launch the 11 markets. And so while none of this is inexpensive, and obviously it's not cash flow positive for now. There are criteria's and there is a collar around what we're prepared to invest to gain new access and new customers. And we think in the long run it'll pay off.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, at top line, I don't worry about it if that's the essence of the question. It's been the age-old question, will tribal casinos, casinos, regional, et cetera, et cetera. And I think the industry is manifested away always to benefit from it. So we're not concerned with that. I think we've - unfair to say, but what limited exposure we had to growing iGaming share in New Jersey pre-COVID, we didn't see that it was taking from it. And now in fairness, it's only been two or three months and then we went into COVID. So I can't tell you. Obviously, we will watch, but we are all in on iGaming and we don't view it from the lens as others may have been it hurts my brick and mortar business. We think if done productively and promoted correctly, it can help your brick and mortar business.
Bill Hornbuckle: Absolutely supportive, we are not going to let our brick and mortar business get in the way of this business. We want to be smart about it. We've spent a great deal of time and energy and money and give good example Massachusetts. And so we have an affording there. We think by the jobs we've provided the capital resource, we put it into a state like Massachusetts, we want a preemptive leg up, they have a huge stick over us from a licensing. They have something to hold over us if we screw it up. And so that aside, we're very active and we're very encouraged by what hopefully all this brings.
Bill Hornbuckle: Look we have until February of '22 to execute on it. And so obviously, we're going to let. Not going to let that go by the wayside. You just saw what we did in the bond market, we thought it was opportunistic. So it's not about liquidity. It'll be about timing and what else to be done with the money. And what else is going on with MGP at the time and what is trying to structure into. But there is no definitive time collectively right now other than recognizing. Again we have until February of '22 and between now and then we'll clearly do something.
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, I'm not going to obviously comment directly on M&A. I assume you're referring to the Sands. Look, they're good operatives. They're very good operatives. And they collectively work well within the city, particularly of late to help convention business and infrastructure traffic, et cetera. Whether that trades or not, I guess the good news is if they get anywhere near the 6 billion they're talking about it speaks good for Las Vegas fundamentally in the long run. So I think we're excited by that. They're good competitors when it comes to the convention business. So if somebody else comes in who is not as strong it bodes to our benefit. And I'll hold by my earlier comment. We have enough of Las Vegas right now. So we're going to kind of wait and see and watch.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. There's great deal of pressure of late from LegCo legislative body to have the Chief Executive come out and begin the process, because it is going to be a public process. He speaks in November, I think Hubert you might know the date I do not. To date, they seem to be saying they're on track, which as you know, is by June of '22. They've got to give six months' notice, so '21 will be very active unless they delay it a year. Given what's happened with COVID I guess they could, but as of today, they seem to be on track. I don't know Hubert if you have any more color there.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, resort fees are part of the overall experience and critical to our revenue stream. So we think we like them, full stop. Parking is tenuous. We're not in any big hurry to jump back into it with both feet. We think it's determined right now given pricing. And so we're going to continue to moderate it. There is going back to the other comment about safety and security and garages that's part and part of a discussion and do you charge to help protect that? And there's things we're thinking about ways to potentially do something that's meaningful without hurting our business, our retail business, whether it's rooms, shows, to the extent they exist in food and beverage. So we're, we're watching what they have done very closely and frankly haven't formed no final decisions.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you. And thank you all. Have a great day. Please be safe. And we look forward to talking to you all next quarter. I know Jim, Corey and myself are available in the intermediate if you need us. Thank you.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, and Joe, just to give you some color sequentially without giving actual numbers because we won't we usually won't provide monthly results. I would say the trends in all of our divisions seem to be about the same and getting a little better each month. In the occupied rooms in September, as you saw probably from the statistics from LVCVA have increased in the city.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, Joe, what I would add, I mean, even pre-COVID, during slow periods, we would adjust our staffing, close down towers, close down rooms, we've actually now become an expert at it as a result of COVID and having to manage mid weeks versus weekends. So we're pretty confident that we could be very nimble on adjusting based on volumes and forth and what's happening in the market. And as Bill mentioned, I think there's opportunities to reduce towers and reduce hotel rooms in these smaller periods.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, Thomas, this is Corey. Yeah, look, I think in general in the regionals in particular, there's not a lot of competition for the consumer dollar right now. But we have really learned in and streamlined our marketing component. And so I think, as we look going forward, the cost structure and adjusting our cost structure, there's some permanent components to that, including marketing dollars. I guess the bigger concern is the top line going to be sustainable. And as of now, and what we're seeing, it continues to be, but I think these properties are well positioned to have margin growth over the prior years.
Corey Sanders: Tom Look, I mean, obviously, we've seen in the very large scale things because of pre planning, we've seen substantive cancellations. It's not going to surprise anybody into the first quarter. What's relevant and important is that we hold on to the back half of the year. And so the fact that we can demonstrate growth, the fact that we can demonstrate that we can execute and do this safely, will be very comforting. The back half of our year is holding extremely well. We've ups and downs, but we are where we should be, where we want to be what, where we have always been, which is relevant. So I think fundamentally, people aren't leaving the market. They want to come. Obviously, it's predicated on what the Governor ultimately allows us to do, what the conditions allow us to do, but we feel good about that. I think the second quarter will be the swing as people stay ahead or come or go, will depend on where we are in the health arena, if you will and the cure and they're thinking about it. But overall, the year is looking - I think the years looking as we thought it would a quarter ago, I don't think a whole lot has changed from what we anticipated to happen. So as we think about '21 and '22, it's holding together particularly obviously, as you focus on '22.
Corey Sanders: What I would add Carlo, what we're seeing, especially in some of these bigger groups of booking multi-years, they're trying to take space; they're going out to '25 and '26. Rates are going to be –they're better than what's in the rooms right now. I won't say they've completely reset, but depending on demand, and the periods are booking, it's, I would say similar to what it used to be in the past and these multi-year contracts will have rent escalators.
Corey Sanders: So what I can tell you Carlo is we were about $20 million a day pre-COVID. When we closed down, we went to $3 million a day. We're about $10 million a day right now. And knowing what is still left to come back, including entertainment and convention, understanding our business better, really understanding what amenities we will need going forward, ones we won't need, reducing loss leaders, we have a pretty good idea. The number that we put in our presentation of the $85 million is pretty well defined and won't come back into the system.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, Felicia, it's Corey. I'll take that. From the beginning as we reopened, we were very focused on not only the safety, but the customer experience. So we have as we've talked about in the past, constrained our occupancy on the weekends. Bill mentioned there's 60% occupancy level there. On the weekends, we're very disciplined on our pricing, yielding it probably some more to old times and having price integrity. On the weekdays I think it's very similar to any slow periods that the county has always experience. MGM does have minimums of the least amount we will charge for our rooms. And it's a matter of everyone's going after the same customer on midway, get at the 30% occupancy.
Corey Sanders: And Stephen, this is Corey. I do think it is a customer acquisition tool as we've seen in New Jersey. There are unique players online that did not visit a facility. And it's also an extension to their overall gaming experience, whether they want to do it analogue or digital.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, Robin, in, in general, they are flowing positive other than Park, which just opened at the end of the month. But I think in general, when you look at the third quarter in particular, the operating properties, the properties that were open, if you take the EBITDAR number, add back, the onetime charges and the hold, and in back out, even what was burning, the number probably would have been around 70 million, somewhere around there for the whole quarter on operating properties only. Obviously, as we open more properties, it's going to potentially take some EBITDAR from the existing properties. But in general, we like what we saw in the third quarter, we were able to get - when you back out those one time benefits, we were even able to get Mandalay Bay positive.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, they've been very attractive property in the summer because of the pool. And so we saw some pretty positive, at least occupancy in RevPAR numbers there.
Corey Sanders: We feel we're in a really good position there. And when we do it, we need to make sure it benefits both parties.
Hubert Wang: Certainly, so in terms of visa application process, it's still a manual process that people have to go to the Police Bureau to apply for it after they get the online appointment. But we have seen the application time shortened a little bit and it's not across the country, in some regions only. So in general, I think that there's no dramatic changes, still a manual process, but we see a little bit region by region enhancement - improvements in terms of timing. In terms of liquidity in the market, we really haven't seen a lot of changes or material impact to our business at this time. So we'll keep on monitoring.
Hubert Wang: Certainly, I think the Golden Week was pretty relic, pretty strong coming out of the month end in September, the first week of nationwide IVS reactivation. So the second week of post-Golden Week, during that week, naturally the volume dropped down. But I'm happy to say that in the past couple of weeks, we have seen some re-growth across all segments. And that has generated enough GGR to allow us to be slightly above breakeven.
Hubert Wang: Bill, you cover pretty well. I think that so far, we haven't got further information from the government other than what you have already talked about.
