Jim Murren: Sure, Joe. I’ll take those three. First, I think it’s important to kind of reset why I’m doing this and why I’m doing it now. I really feel after 12 years, especially, after the last couple of years, we’ve really changed the dynamic of this company. We’ve created an incredible team of leaders, portfolio property president, property president, heads of centers of excellence. And I think company’s honestly never been in the better position than it is right now. And when I thought through, how I could best serve MGM going forward. I thought it was pretty clear that a leader should help lead a company into the next decade or two. And so I wanted to make sure the board had the time, which will use promptly to do a robust search and find my successor. And I’ll help in anyway I can in that regard. I do that with the confidence that we have such a great team in place to my left, I look at Bill Hornbuckle and to my right Corey Sanders, Atif is on a plane flying back here, we have such great talent that I depend upon and trust to continue to run this company going forward. And I don’t want to get ahead of the board’s process, they’ve developed a committee. They’ll hire a search firm and they’re going to go out and find the best possible candidate internally, externally or otherwise. And until that time, I will remain in all my posts, Chairman of MGM Resorts, MGP, MGM China, but that’s my immediate focus at this point in time. As it relates to Japan, very likely in May, I will be leading a group of people, including Bill Hornbuckle to my left to speak to the people of Osaka as the Chairman and CEO of MGM Resorts about why MGM and ORIX is the preferred partner. Why MGM and ORIX would be the operator that would put Osaka in safe hand. Why MGM Resorts and ORIX are the most responsible, most compliant, most dynamic company. And I’m absolutely sure, I’m going to be involved in the Japan project. In fact, I’ll probably be even more involved in the Japan project as time goes by. And as it relates to the team here, we have a seasoned, respected team that I intend to work with. I know the company values and will continue to be here as we seamlessly transitioned the company into this next generation. So I hope I answered all three of those.
Jim Murren: Sure. Bill and I joined the same month, I think, Bill in 1998. Corey was already here. We had whopping one and a half properties. We had the MGM Grand and half in New York. New York, I think we had about 4,000, 5,000 employees in total and obviously, a gaming centric organization. And we have through the collective energy of so many men and women that have been here or still here created this global entertainment company that is far more diverse than ever before. I think that an answer to the first question, I cannot get ahead or will not get ahead of the board search committee and process. I serve at the pleasure of the board. I’ve said that I will stay on in whatever capacity. I’m the Chairman of all those companies you mentioned as I’m the CEO, but it’s hard to say what will happen after that. But I do know is that the companies are better positioned now than they have ever been before, not only MGM Resorts, but MGP. In terms of the characteristics of a new CEO, again, that will be a process that the board and the search committee, a lot of management here will have some involvement in. But I think you’re on the right track in the sense that we are very diversified global entertainment company that expects to be able to evolve into a global experience, digital entertainment, sports company and be able to leverage what we’ve learned about running these large resorts and what we’re learning about the digital experience, which we believe is vastly under, if not at all, valued in the current securities of MGM. And so we’re devoting a tremendous amount of effort and time to our sports and entertainment initiatives. It’s certainly dragging down our P&L right now, but we are planting seeds, which we believe will yield tremendous growth in the future. And I’m sure, the board and the board members and the search committee will be looking at what MGM is going to look like five years from now, when they’re evaluating the kind of leader that MGM Resorts should have. And that really is why this is so rewarding a time for me that we’ve taken the company to where we are today. Our strategic plan as well known to us internally, we have the right men and women in place. Our real estate strategy is well defined and obviously has been more successful than anyone imagined. We’ve set the blueprint on how to continue to go down that path. And now it’s time for the board to work with board members, a search committee and stakeholders to find the right person that will take the company to ever greater height than even we are today.
Jim Murren: I’ll take part of it. Maybe all three of us have a different view. One good indicator is take a look at the mid market properties. And there you’ll see, where the flow through works, margin improvement, couple of real strong quarters there. And the margins on Far East baccarat in general are so high that it has an outsized impact on margin. And that’s what happened in the nutshell, at MGM, Aria and Bellagio, the underpinnings of those three properties outside of that segment, which is significant in the fourth quarter for them, were all very positive. We typically do most of our business in that field in December, literally last couple of weeks in December. So we had projected – we knew we had a tough comp year-over-year, but we had a very poor December at those properties, which had the impact on the margin. And so, I mean, I think that’s one answer to it. Corey, do you have any…
Jim Murren: Yes, I guess the bottom line on that is we lost $100 million of profit last year. We only made $35 million. That’s where we’re going up against this year, $35 million of profit last year. And what we were trying to help you with is kind of you – if you’re just getting back to your question, we’re just out Circus Circus obviously. And that one time of the insurance proceeds we’ve gotten a year ago and the baccarat impact, which is what Bill and Corey are talking about that hold and drop, our margins would have been up 150 basis points.
Jim Murren: Sure. Well, first off, we are as the largest stakeholder of MGP its biggest supporters. And certainly the stock has done well since we developed the UPREIT a few years ago. Our economic ownership in MGP will be about 55% after the $1.4 billion OP unit redemption. And remember that’s down from our original 73% stake. And we are absolutely committed to ultimately owning far less of MGP on a going forward basis. And we are committed to deconsolidate MGP. We’ve always said that MGP continues to have the right path forward with the right management team and it will acquire quality assets outside of MGM and it will access the capital markets to do so. And that is a path to further reduce our stake in MGP. The OP unit redemptions for cash provide another path for us to reduce our stake and we’ll continue to look to monetize a portion of our equity stake as long as it is done in a manner that maximizes the benefits to both companies. Because I have to repeat, it’s important to note that MGM is still an important stakeholder there. You know that we have an agreement with MGP to redeem the $1.4 billion of cash at our election. When that’s exercised in flow, it still leaves us with zone around $5 billion worth of unit. Those units have varying tax basis and – but a sizable subset of the remaining units have a higher basis and can be sold in taxable transactions with manageable tax leakage. We’re not going to get into the details of it specifically, but I can say with great certainty that it is our goal to continue to help MGP thrive, help it grow a diverse quality portfolio of assets, make sure it does so with a strong balance sheet. Help it find partners as it has recently had found with Blackstone that can show future growth opportunities for MGP and inject more capital into MGP and find a way forward that MGP very deliberately becomes that independent corporate govern number one type of company that MGM Resorts is. We’re proud of where we stand with ISS at MGM Resorts. We take corporate governance seriously, independence. We take our commitment to shareholders seriously. And we have nothing but the clear direction for MGP to do so in this deliberate fashion. And I think that, we’ve proven that point of finding transactions that make sense for MGP, finding partners that could provide significant incremental value to MGP, making sure that MGP stakeholders, all of the stakeholders are treated fairly, ensuring that MGP has a strong balance sheet to provide a platform to grow in the future. And it is our goal to make sure that MGP, the company that we believe to be the premium by far best-in-class triple net in its space, will continue to be able to thrive because it does have the best assets in that industry. And because it has the best tenants of any other triple nets, a tenant in MGM Resorts that is only getting stronger every single day from its own balance sheet perspective. And so I think history in this case is a really good guide to the future. And we’ve made progress. We’re a bit ahead of our plan, we’re deliberate on this and we’re going to continue to move forward so that MGP could continue to grow, grow independently and be the best possible triple net it could be.
Jim Murren: Well, I’ll give you some macros around what we see, if that helps. And we’ve been doing quite a bit of analysis on this. What we see first is strong population growth which is obviously significant for the local resorts out here, but also us. We see all-time highs in convention and meeting business. We see the prospect for strong McCarran business. We see events this year, we did not have last year. If anyone saw Nashville last year, in terms of the NFL, imagine what Las Vegas can do, of course, CON/AGG this quarter and The Raiders, everything leading up to The Raiders. Think about the Las Vegas Convention Center expansion. We’re really excited about the Sphere. I can’t wait to go to that. I think it’s important to know that our slot win last year was actually up 4% for the year. Our non-bac table games were actually flattish and we’re going to have a lot more impact on 2020 in the first quarter than we did in the fourth quarter. And so as that’s ramping up, you should model in the fact that we’re hitting our stride there. Conventions are important to the whole city. They’re important to us. It’ll be important to Mandalay Bay, which is returning back to its – really its full recovery. It’s kind of business as usual at Mandalay. We had very low attrition levels there in 2019, the lowest we’ve had a few years. And that’s starting to really build momentum. And there’ll be a lot more groups in Las Vegas starting in the first quarter than we had last year, not just because of the citywide but with Wynn, and Caesars expanding their spaces. That’s good news for the town. It’s bringing more people to town. We’re actually seeing some of that. And finally that leisure demand that we talked about, I know those are short booking windows, but they are illustrative of real-time demand and they have been very positive and of course the entertainment calendars is terrific. So, we are getting into cash flow numbers and guidance and we’ve talked why that we think this is a better approach toward communicating with investors. We have a pretty – well, a very broad view of what’s happening here in Las Vegas. And we like what we see in all of these metrics, save for that Far East baccarat business. But the domestic bac business, the domestic table business, slot business, the non-gaming business, combined with some real good trends in the rooms here in town, which of course creates nice flow through for everybody. And we’ll be amplified, at least for us this year because of really hitting our stride on our 2020 initiatives, which is ramping up fairly rapidly. Gives you a sense why we feel that there’s a significant pace of cash flows here in the first quarter that are superior to what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Jim Murren: Yes. I mean, we’re going to stand by what we’re talking about. We see these strong macro trends. It was a great RevPar quarter, there’s no doubt about it. And I think what we’ve laid out here is – gives you the setup for nice growth, but beyond that, we’re not going to get too into it.
Jim Murren: Yes, we’re really not focused on M&A. We like what we own. We approach our portfolio in a way that, particularly pruning it as we have over the last several years. We like these assets. I don’t envision us being very focused on M&A going forward. I do believe that what we are looking at – where can we deploy capital in high ROI ways. We think that Japan, we think that’s sports. If we can help motivate some change in Yonkers and provide more of a gaming experience there, that certainly was part of the strategic basis that we acquired that asset. But that really is our focus right now is working toward reducing our asset, recycling that capital, getting that balance sheet absolutely – the best it’s been since I’ve been at the company right now and getting better. And getting ourselves so well positioned for whatever the world will bring in the future in recycling and returning that capital to the shareholders. 15% increase in the dividend today should send a message as well as the return on capital in the form of share repurchase. And that really is our focus. Delivering on the strategic plan of 2020, making sure that this operating model, which is the young model. We have men and women that are only recently been putting these strong leadership positions, making sure that they have the ability to thrive, finishing the execution of this real estate strategy and really devoting. And I’m going to spend awful lot of my time on sports and entertainment and on Japan, which I believe I could help the company best focus on those areas to create value for the future. So with that, I want to thank everyone first for calling in and just highlight a couple of points before we end. We are focused on the impacts of the coronavirus. And I think Grant said it well, we’re absolutely prioritizing the safety of our customers and our employees. But we feel that that situation will be managed and the company is well positioned given our diversification as a global company and our balance sheet strength. We’ve made a lot of meaningful progress with our real estate transactions, resulting in the $8.2 billion of net cash proceeds. And we’re using that dramatically reduce leverage to invest in places I just mentioned in Japan and in sports. We’re firmly on track to continue to announce additional real estate transactions this year. Our domestic business is very solid and we are very focused on these costs reductions, which we know will further support growth and EBITDAR and free cash flow per share. I want to thank you all for your support. I want to make it very clear I’m not leaving MGM anytime soon. And so I know for sure that I’ll be on the next call with you and I look forward to talking with you all between now and then. And with that, have a very nice day. Thank you.
Corey Sanders: No. Joe, this is Corey. To the contrary, they had a really good strong fourth quarter last year from that Far East segment in all of the EBITDA shortfalls from those properties are mainly from Far East. In particular, MGM actually had a record fourth quarter ADR number. So we’re tracking the 2020 results at all properties. Those properties are probably getting a little bit more benefit. The shortfall from that party’s business was the main factor.
Corey Sanders: Felicia, of that EBITDA miss, I would say, wholly owned $13 million of it was a hold adjusted. Aria also had a pretty big piece. The rest is volume. And we had a pretty strong quarter of the year before from a volume perspective as we identified last quarter. When you look at that business, as Jim has mentioned, it’s really the premium Far East customer. The margins on that is pretty significant. So now the base goes down to a pretty low base, as we mentioned earlier, about 2% of EBITDA. So we shouldn’t have that headwind of trying to offset that $100 million of profit at a high fairly, let’s say 60%, 65% margin. And so the comparison becomes much easier. On the cost side, Bill, do you want to cover things were doing there.
Corey Sanders: And we’re looking at our international offices, our international staffing to make sure that matches the volumes.
Corey Sanders: And the final thing I would add, on the non-gaming – we looked at our non-gaming margin improvement across all properties in Las Vegas, so we’re up over 1.2%. So we’re seeing the margin flow through in all the other areas. So that’s what gives us some confidence.
Corey Sanders: Yes. There’s going to be a little bit in the first quarter, right. We talked about that, but that’s it. I mean, that’s…
Corey Sanders: Yes. Not to the extent of fourth quarter but then that’s – it is where it is now. It will come back. We’ve been in this business a while but we’re just not predicting any recovery in the Far East business this year. We just can’t guess what that’s going to be.
Corey Sanders: Yes, Shaun. It’s Corey. It’s probably in little bit north of $10 million for the quarter. Most of it’s running through management and other, all of it’s running through management and other. It would either be through the unconsolidated joint venture with Roar or investments we’re making with regards to our sponsorships and team efforts there.
Corey Sanders: No, I think Bill gave a number on what we thought the investment – the additional investment would be in sports next year. And I think that’s a good number.
Bill Hornbuckle: Stephen, hi, this is Bill Hornbuckle. Let me grab that one. Obviously, you can tell we’re still very bullish. We feel a little underappreciated given what’s happened in the marketplace. And some of the statistics are compelling and growing. We did over a $100 million last year in net gaming revenue. Our active player growth is up over 126% since June. Interestingly, we’ve taken a unique position because of our asset based here in Las Vegas and the experience we can offer. During Super Bowl by way of example, 8 of the top 10 bets in America are with Roar or MGM Resorts. We’re in four States, quickly to be an eight by year end. We have access into 16 and we have a view on six more that we hope to government affairs to open up led by Massachusetts. Candidly, our GBC Ventures with Roar went off to a slow start in New Jersey, a two mega companies trying to put themselves together. We’ve effectively done that. We now have 150 men and women working in New Jersey every day to push this forward. And I think we’re in a much better place than we were a year ago. I think, this Michigan is just passed. We hope to dominate and frankly, we should there. We’ve got a huge retail presence. It accepts online gaming and casino as well, which we think would be a unique opportunity. We have done and executed a deal with Buffalo Wild Wings and I think about Michigan alone of the 1,685 stores, they have 27 of them are in Michigan. We’ve got Yahoo Sports behind us, it’s now just unwinding and launching, they got 60 million sports viewers and 7 million of our in fantasy alone. And then in Las Vegas, literally next week, we launched BetMGM. We haven’t even launched a platform here yet. And so kiosks, a presence and an overview around BetMGM and both on an app and as well as a branding exercise throughout all of our sports books takes play over the next three months. And so we’re extremely aggressive. Look, order of magnitude, while it’s heavy – it’s not heavy capital. If this whole thing cost both partners $100 million, it will be a lot, it’s about $2 million state. If we invest over the next couple of years, $30 million each, that’s probably realistic. But we had hope by 2023 pushing into 2025 to go into profit and you’ve all looked at the analysts your own projections, if it’s a $10 billion market, which is short in some people’s examples and we own 15% of it, it’s $1.5 billion, you can do the margins on that. It’s a real business and it’s a real business before we take advantage of what brings us here in Las Vegas and what we’ve seen in Mississippi and to some degree now with Borgata. So extremely bullish on the whole thing.
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, overall I think mostly through 2020, you’ve all heard of the labor savings up over a $100 million, we remain there. The luxury properties have leaned into that heavily. We’ve got several initiatives ongoing with purchasing and many of the suppliers that we’ve secured. And so we are – all of that is clicking into play. It just got buried in this Far East story.
Bill Hornbuckle: So, Harry, this is Bill. Let me take a first crack at that. Look as alluded to last year, we had an amazing event in the fourth quarter with Tiger Woods versus Mickelson that netted us substantive amount of EBITDA. So comparative, it was difficult, put that into the mix. The second thing is, as you know, all year, our ability to get liquidity in and out of Macau and China has been hampered. We continue to look at ways to do that righteously. We have been disproportionately hurt. I would suggest to you that our marketing environment as such, we relied heavily on junkets and large scale customers. Our market share was well in the mid-40s for a considerable number of years based on we probably have more than $3 million customers and up in most. And I know we had more million dollars in customers and up in most. And those are the individuals most impacted by these – some of these liquidity issues. The interesting part of the year going into Chinese New Year, while it wasn’t last year and clearly anything like 2018, we still had a reasonable show up. We had a great event. We had a decent concert at the weekend following with about 6,000 folks in it. And it wasn’t a horrific event by any stretch given the circumstance and what had happened globally. So we remain optimistic that if we can get through, obviously, and we will get through what’s happening now in China and in Macau. And we – understand what can be accomplished with liquidity and getting those customers back to Las Vegas. The appetite’s there, our desire to go after them and the network we’ve created is there and will continue to succeed.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, I mean, as you know, in Macau, they’ve become very stringent on utilizing the casinos and junket operatives for accessing liquidity in and out of this market or any other market. I don’t want it, I won’t predetermine where that directive came from or if it was their own directive, but that is fact. And so I’ll leave it at that.
Bill Hornbuckle: And Thomas, just looking at the first quarter, the other thing that I think we didn’t cover Park is beginning to ramp and we liked the ramp that we’re seeing there. So between Park, last year, we hardly had any 2020 benefit and then you take the RevPar benefit, we should expect to see from Q1 in a strong convention quarter. I think even though we will not be giving guidance, we feel pretty good about the first quarter.
Grant Bowie: Sure. Thanks Felicia. And I was awake. Actually this is probably one of the most – greatest tragedy. We were seeing some really positive as Jim said, we’re running at 2.5 for the period immediately into Chinese New Year. And with the Mansion online, we were way, way overbooked. We were actually not confirming any Mansion rooms because we just had a big list. So we were really in a very good place. All of the things we were looking at doing were really coming together. But I guess that’s what being in business is about. It’s about how you handle the adversity and now we just reset ourselves and we just want to move forward. But by and large, everything was moving in the right direction. We were still tracking positively on guidance – share guidance, particularly in the premium end of the market.
Grant Bowie: Harry, I think the critical point is it’s going to be the spread of the infection, their sole and complete focus is about containing and eliminating this outbreak. And Macau government has taken very effective and decisive action. And indicators we’re giving is that the single measure of whether the – when the – firstly, the casinos will be reopened and then hopefully the ability for IVS will be put on board, it’s going to be about the containment of the virus. I think it’s just simple as that.
Grant Bowie: Well, I’m not a virologist, so I think it’s just a question when the experts are comfortable that the cycle of the virus spread has been contained and they have it under control. It may also mean that the IVS program has not opened up as a single step, it may happen regionally. We’re just sitting working with the government to make sure that we take care of ourselves and take care of everyone else and that we are ready. Macau was in a very fortuitous position because of that decisive action from the government. We’ve had two infections, but we haven’t had any since the action taken by the Chief Executive and that we’re now up to eight to nearly 10 days without any further infection. So that’s the critical point. We need to make sure that Macau is safe and then we obviously continue to work and support the initiatives in China to make sure we can contain this within China.
