Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. I hope the comments that -- you've conveyed the excitement that we all have towards our business this year and ultimately beyond. In all my time with the company, I've never been more excited about our present and future as I am right now. I think we're stronger, more agile, more focused and more determined than ever to win. And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Shaun, for the question. And I'll just step in and kind of give the first part of it because I think it's time to be definitive and give a little direction. The simple answer on Entain is no, we've moved on. While we remain highly focused on BetMGM's business through our partnership with Entain and making sure that, that business continues to grow, we see great potential in LeoVegas expansion capabilities. I've said before, we like their technology platform and their leadership team. We're also interested in the content studio business, we think there's a real play there. We've seen that proven effective with brand when we combine great product in our brands at BetMGM. And over time, we like the live dealer business and the expansion of other global markets and frankly, and directly under our own purview. So for now, the answer is no, not within Entain. We're going to go down our own direction, and we begin to allocate capital. We think Gary Fritz has got the right motive, the right drive and the right person to help us lead this forward. We value the relationship with Entain. We value BetMGM. But as it comes to rest of the world, we're going to move forward with a different proposition.
Bill Hornbuckle: It's a combination thereof. When you talk studio business or even live dealer, the technology aspect of that is on our scale, relatively de minimis. When you talk about stepping up to other marketplaces, whether it's South America over time or rest of Europe, we'll have to take a different view on that as these opportunities unfold. But for now, it's more bolt-on and relatively small.
Bill Hornbuckle: I will open it and I'll kick it to Corey. If you go back and you look at FTEs, particularly in Las Vegas against 2019, we're down anywhere from 12% to 15%, depending on the property. Obviously, wage inflation since '19 has crept. And just so we're all on the same page, looking forward, we have substantive labor negotiations later this year with about 28,000 of our colleagues, which we're going to have to contend with and work our way through. And so Corey, maybe the second part of it, just scale...
Bill Hornbuckle: I mean, overall, I think we think our margins are going to sustain is really the guide, I think the answer to that.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, I can put a little color around it, and then we have Hubert on the line, these guys have worked hard at this for three years. So I'll let him talk a little bit about the business. But look, the rebound was, interestingly come January 8, fairly instant. I think we peaked during Chinese New Year, making a little over 5 million a day. I mentioned in my prepared comments, 16% share. And for us, for all the reasons I mentioned, our mass piece, volumes were 100% over our '19 levels. Now we're talking about a whopping 30 days here. But for the company, particularly from where we have come from, we activated 150 to 200 new tables we have. We're very excited about what's happened in the first 30 days. And so Hubert, maybe any other color would be helpful.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, Carlos, hi, Bill, I think the answer to the question is yes. We got a -- we needed to through COVID because obviously, the group segment of note went away. Very active with our casino market, entertained marketing database, personalization and other things we might do in that sector, and we've sustained it. And so it's helped that tremendously. Obviously, now convention business is going to come back and carryout 18%, 19% of our mix this year. But I think it is sustainable is the way to think about the business.
Bill Hornbuckle: And remember, Carlo, one thing we have strategically decided to do is push more business out of weekends and back into midweek. And so that has an overall play in ADR. Obviously, it brings down the convention ADR, but it raises the overall company's ADR because it gives us more opportunity we where we see, frankly, and continue to see real upside, particularly in the luxury segment, across Cosmo, MGM, Mandalay, Aria, Bellagio.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. Steve, we got to be a little careful because some of this is NDA with the government, et cetera. But having said that, we had hoped to hear in October. Obviously, we sit here now in February not having heard. The process lies today with MLIT, the government agency that is going through and consistently asking us questions about the project, about the contract with the government of Osaka, et cetera. Time to tell whether we get through that efficiently over the next 30 days. We would like to think and believe we might, but we've been thinking that for a while now. As it relates to macro, look, I'm excited to think that we may be the only player. And so instead of a market of 19 million people, we're talking about a much larger market. Having taken the journey many times from Tokyo, it's only 2.5 hours away by high-speed train, et cetera, so we see upside. Inflation has not hit Japan like it's in other places, and particularly for us, at our end of the partnership, the value of the yen has gone tremendously in our favor, but we're still looking at a $10 billion project. We're looking at a return on that project, we think can bring 15% plus in cash flow and then maybe then some, but it has to mature. And overall timing, the goal was -- now we're going to be challenged with that if we don't hear soon to get this thing open before the decade close in 2029. But since -- there's a bridge to getting there.
Bill Hornbuckle: No, none substantively. If BetMGM gets into the M&A business for some particular product, maybe. But generally, no. It's the $50-odd million, I think we've -- well, collectively, but call it, our $35 million or $45 million we've identified. It gives us every reason to believe it should hit its target this year, starting to make profitability in the second half of the year. We all have to be rational players. There is growth left. There are six additional states yet to go that have been identified. But no, there's no large-scale capital. That business should begin to mend and take care of itself.
Bill Hornbuckle: So I think simple answer is more. And when I say that in the context, it's now becoming thousands of players that have obviously touch both brands. It's interesting. The combination of the two, the players spend about 40% more. Now that's kind of intuitive but 40% more is interesting. The other thing that plays to the events, whether it's sports or otherwise, sporting events, is that 85% of the players are under 49 years old. And so that network and that combination is bringing us a younger player, bringing us people who have to date have the propensity to spend more when combined with both brick-and-mortar and digital activity. And we're now reaching thousands of them coming in. We've set up fairly elaborate CRM systems, both at BetMGM and ultimately, a hosting program here that captures them. And so there's one-to-one dialogue about certain VIP players and what their needs, wants and desires are. And so we've treated that network like we would treat any of our branch offices, if you will, when the phone rings and they have somebody of substance, we're set up to take care of them. So excited by it. We need over time to automate it more, so that there's true connectivity between BetMGM and its loyalty system and ultimately MGM Rewards system. But for now, focused on the high end between the spend, the use and the numbers, all pretty exciting.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, let me kick it off. A, I think, particularly after the moves that we've made, we've truly enjoyed the portfolio we have. In terms of Las Vegas, obviously, we own 40-odd percent of this marketplace, and we love the properties that we have here. We love the positioning. And what's happened at the south end of the strip, particularly via Allegiant has been productive. When it comes to our regionals, obviously, we're in a different regional game in most of our markets, A, whether it's Detroit, Atlantic City or Mississippi, we lead in a big fashion. We're market leaders there. We tend to want to do that and try to tie out the product offering, integrated resort to integrated resort. We just think there's an opportunity to get the right kind of customers to transition to Las Vegas and otherwise. I would never say never on any M&A acquisition. There's always, I suspect an asset here or there that might be of interest, but I don't think we have any immediate designs or plans on anything substantive sitting here today. I think our growth will come through the development opportunities we've defined, through the digital opportunities that we have defined to date and are going to seek. And yes, we've always got an eye and an ear open, but there's nothing specific that -- nor would I actually tell you if there was.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, I'll take that. Obviously, in Michigan, to your point, is the best example where we have market-leading brick-and-mortar, and we have obviously a market-leading digital. The digital business now has outsurpassed the brick-and-mortar by about 25%-ish. They're both doing well over 300 million GGR. Digital is approaching almost 400 million in GGR. It's an interesting market when you look at it because it's gone through smoking and nonsmoking. COVID lasted longer there in terms of its policies than anywhere else. I will tell you, there was some concern early in the middle part of last year. The last three months in Detroit, now that we've come off of most of those COVID restrictions, we've made allocations for smoking and some smoking opportunities for customers who still want to do that. Our numbers have not only stabilized, but it continued to grow in Detroit. So while it's obvious that there's a subset amount of play going on in digital, the chance to connect that with brick-and-mortar and ultimately reward and recognize. And simple things like bonusing or jackpots that I leave -- that I'm playing at home, I can come pick up in the brick-and-mortar where I left off as a player and have a contiguous experience is things that we're highly focused on. And so we think it's been a great opportunity. We think it can continue to be one. And we are -- we've seen nothing -- Michigan, we have the best laboratory in that. Michigan gives us confidence that going forward, we can replicate some of that in any of these other states, I think we'll be in great shape.
Bill Hornbuckle: So let me take the top end of that and Corey, you can speak to the margins. We have several different kinds of regional properties. And so Maryland this year had an all-time record and then some. It was fantastic. We always dream at that property making over $300 million, and it did. And I know I'm getting dirty looks some of my folks, but -- and it did. Atlantic City, given all of the competitive set and the reawakening of Hard Rock and what happened with Oceans, it's a highly competitive market, and we're holding our own and that property continues to do the same kind of EBITDA. It's done traditionally no matter where the marketplace has been. It's kind of interesting. Detroit, as I just mentioned, continues to do well. We saw a little softening with Empire as it came out of COVID. Springfield has enhanced and been improving. Look, obviously, it will be the place that I think any major recession activity shows. But I will say, to date, particularly up until and through January, we haven't seen it. So Corey...
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, it was me. I said 5 million during Chinese New Year, but no -- but we are at a great pace and a great place. And so no, but that's extreme. Having said that, it's still very profitable, and this last -- it's been 5 days or 6 days, whatever it's been, but it's been good. And so -- but no, I mean, Chinese New Year is one -- it's a unique environment, it happens once a year.
Bill Hornbuckle: No, no. For the month. Not the quarter, for the month. So you could think about it -- if we put them together, it would be the highest EBITDA property we had for the month in our system. Way to think about it. And so Hubert, you can kick in here. Obviously, you're living this every day on the continuity of going forward.
Bill Hornbuckle: I can -- I know the Chinese New Year number fairly well. Corey, I'll lean on you for the fourth quarter. Last year, Chinese New Year, we had about 35 million in sale. This year, that number was just under 100. And so the opportunity and what that opportunity provided us this year was 3x what it was last year. And so while not back at the '19 levels or '18 levels. It was meaningful.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator. I just want to thank everyone for joining us today. I know it gets late back on the East Coast. Just a couple of thoughts. Obviously, we continue to show organic growth here in Las Vegas, particularly in our premium product, our luxury brands. If you think about Aria and Bellagio last year that made over $1.2 billion in cash flow, and we see hopefully that sustaining. You think about now Macau and the returning and I think our 200 extra tables will make a difference throughout the course of this year. You think about our development pipeline. You think about both brick-and-mortar digital. I would say, without any disparaging comments to our competitors, that we think about the balance of regional location, domestic location, Las Vegas, international, digital, we are the most well balanced and prepared for growth. We have no net debt. We have -- we're sitting at about $5.3 billion of cash liquidity. And since Jonathan and I have joined the senior roles, the company has bought back over 25% of its shares, and all of it on the back of an amazing team that we've put together here that's got extensive experience over many decades in many different jurisdictions. And so to say I'm excited by our future would be an understatement. I thank you all for your attention and most importantly, your support. So thank you.
Jonathan Halkyard: And Shaun, just a couple of comments, the broad strokes around capital allocation as we look forward. We do have a maturity in March, $1.25 billion at 6%. So present plan is to, of course, redeem those bonds and that will capture about $75 million of free cash flow for the business. We were active share repurchases just in the past three quarters. We spent almost $2 billion at a price of about $33 to $34. So we'll continue to be repurchasers of our shares, but we'll moderate that depending upon market conditions. And then, of course, funding what Bill described, which is our interactive ambitions, which will be predominantly through M&A but we're reserving a significant amount of capital for those activities as well.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, I think on the revenue growth side, if we're running now with occupancies that are basically full on the weekends. There's a bit of room during the weekdays. So really, it will need to come through pricing as opposed to occupancy gains largely in Las Vegas. And I think if that's in the low single digits, we should be able to cover any increases in payroll adequately.
Jonathan Halkyard: No. We've seen same-store handle and drop and win growing modestly in Las Vegas. Although there's no question, the majority of the growth that we've seen in this quarter on a same-store basis, it's been on the hotel side. So the gaming customer is healthy here in Las Vegas, the -- it is driven mostly by our higher-value gaming customers, but it's very healthy on a same-store basis.
Jonathan Halkyard: No, we're -- what I'm talking about our slot handle and table game drop and and slot win and table game win increasing.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, some of that will be on a net basis after accounting for the cost of hotel rooms that are comped against those players. And so that is having an impact on what we're describing is that gaming revenue. But in terms of the way I consider the health of the gaming customer is to look at the volume metrics and the gross gaming revenue, which are growing on a same-store basis. Does that make sense, Robin? That's kind of when I think about what the behavior of these customers actually is, it's on the gross basis.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, it's not. It was really an administrative issue. It was burdensome. It was complex. And that measured against the size of the of the dividend itself, which was de minimis and just how much capital we've returned, and we expect to continue to return through the form of share repurchases. We just felt that it was a practice that we did not need to continue. That doesn't mean that we wouldn't reconsider it or our Board wouldn't reconsider it at some point, and in so doing, would make it a more substantial dividend than a de minimis dividend, but it was mostly an administrative solve.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. That is the major issue that -- that's the major dynamic which is causing this topic that we are talking about. And it's not just ADR, but also the size of the casino segment generally.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, when we use that 400 basis points to 600 basis points sustainable margin improvement, we're referencing the 2019 year. So we're not trying to adjust it for acquisitions or dispositions just because we're getting pretty far back in the past at that point. We're very comfortable that for across all of our domestic properties that we can be within that range or possibly exceed it. And exceeding it will be driven mostly by our -- the pricing environment. but we're comfortable with that and that compares to 2019.
Jonathan Halkyard: I don't want to give a quarterly pace. I do think you can look at our pace over the preceding four quarters. I think we actually did a bit more in the fourth quarter than we did in the third quarter. And so all I would say is that we have a healthy authorization from our Board. I hope I was able to communicate during the prepared remarks, the value we see in the shares. And despite all of the opportunities we have before us, the liquidity position the company has is going to allow us to continue to be an active share repurchaser. Beyond that, Dan, I just don't want to give any more specific outlook.
Jonathan Halkyard: And the Far East play during the fourth quarter, it was up about at least 1/3 over the fourth quarter of 2021 and constituted pretty much all of the growth in our international play during the fourth quarter. So very encouraging.
Corey Sanders: I think from the standpoint of levels of FTEs, from a fixed cost perspective, there will be no increases. It will all be on variable. So if there's additional catering and banquet business, it would match that revenue component of it. But I think we're pretty comfortable that we could service our properties, service our guests at the levels we're at today. And then I don't know, Jonathan, if you want to take the revenue.
Corey Sanders: Yes, this is Corey. Yes, I think it's sustainable. As we look at the event calendars on weekends and our forward-looking pacing and what we're booking rates at now, we have pretty good visibility further out. On the midweek, we see our -- not only our convention business getting better, but the whole city's convention business getting better. So the pricing that we're seeing today, we should be able to sustain, given where the economy is today.
Corey Sanders: Yes, I think -- look, many of those contracts were in place over 2019, 2020. I think they have price escalators in there. It's probably an area of opportunity for us in the future as we look at future convention bookings. But just as a reminder, it's 18% of our business. The new business is getting booked based on where rates are today.
Corey Sanders: Yes. I think there should be some pricing power based on the amounts we have on the book and the foundation we have in our bookings.
Corey Sanders: Yes. In 2022, the majority of the growth here in Las Vegas was driven by the Bellagio, Aria, Cosmopolitan and the MGM Grand. Mandalay Bay had a fantastic year as they, of course, capitalized on the return of the group business to Las Vegas. I mean in the fourth quarter, just as an example, our group room nights were up about 50% versus the fourth quarter of 2021. So it certainly has skewed to the luxury properties. But I will tell you, from a portfolio strategy perspective, all of these properties here in Las Vegas are really important role players. We've invested some capital in the Luxor in the last year. We just -- we're doing the rooms in New York-New York right now. And those businesses, we expect, are going to be very solid cash flow generators over the next several years. But no question, the growth is coming from the luxury segment.
Corey Sanders: Yes. On the other regional properties, mainly in the third quarter, we increased on many of our nongaming amenities. And I think we're to the level where we're comfortable with what we have for our guests. So from an additional margin impact on that, I don't think there's much there. And then just on the business. December had a little bit of softness, as Bill mentioned, but what we're seeing in January and February so far as all of our regional markets are performing extremely up.
Hubert Wang: Sure. Thanks, Bill. Thanks, Joe, for the question. For -- since the beginning of the year, I think the market has been growing back and has exceeded the expectations of many participants and observers. For us, in January, on the gaming side, we have seen very healthy, above the market average recovery in both mass and direct VIP segments. And for the month of January, as Bill has mentioned, our market share reached 16%, which is a record high for us. Our daily mass GGR was on par with the 2019 level for the month of January during Chinese New Year, far exceeded last year's Chinese New Year level actually. And we are also encouraged to see that direct VIP segment in terms of rolling volume far exceeded 2019 level as well. It is also very encouraging to see that January run rate extend into the first week of February so far. So all in all, we are very confident in a solid and sustainable recovery of Macau market this year and beyond.
Hubert Wang: Yes. I think that in terms of margins, I think that we expect in this year and beyond, probably we'll at the high end of -- in the 20s, but in the higher side of the 20s. And in terms of junket to direct, certainly, there are some conversion in that space, but it's really too early to give you any concrete numbers. But from the strength we have observed in January and Chinese New Year in our direct business, I think that we're still very confident in the growth of the direct business and particularly given the wide network of MGM Resorts in terms of global reach of high-end customers.
Hubert Wang: Yes, Dan, in terms of the market share question you asked, it's too early, but to give you a definitive answer or whether it's sustainable or not, but they are the things that ahead of us because as you know, we have additional tables, almost 200 additional tables. And we haven't fully deployed all these tables yet. We're in the process of doing that, along with some casino floor reconfiguration. So we plan to deploy all these tables by the end of first quarter. And I think that, that's number one. Number 2 is that in the retendering commitment in terms of investment, we also have a lot of, I think, earning accretive projects. And I think that these offerings that will drive additional traffic. I mean just to give you some color on the nongaming side for Chinese New Year, I mean, our own occupancy approached 100% and our restaurant covers actually exceeded 2019 Chinese New Year level. And a lot of that was because of all the nongaming events and concerts that do a lot of incremental visitors to us. And we're also seeing a longer stay by our hotel customers. I think that as we invest more in these nongaming amenities, well, that will help with our market share growth down the road or sustain at that level.
