Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Linda, and good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts Third Quarter Conference Call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be made available on our website. We furnished this morning our press release and Form 8-K with the SEC as well. And before turning it over to Jim, I'd like to read our Safe Harbor statement. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Federal Securities Law, although results might differ materially from those projected on the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Q filing.  During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded.  With that, I'd like to turn it over to Jim.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thanks, Jim. First, I'd like to highlight some results from our resorts in the quarter. During the third quarter, MGM wholly-owned domestic resorts fell near the low end of our normal range, which negatively impacted our cash flows by about $16 million. While at ARIA, they held above their normal range, which benefited our share of cash flows there by about $5 million. So net-net, our consolidated adjusted property EBITDA would have been roughly $11 million or $455 million had we held at the midpoint in the quarter.  Our adjusted property EBITDA margins at our wholly-owned domestic properties were up year-over-year by about 140 basis points, and we continue to remain focused on managing our expenses while maximizing our revenues, allowing us to achieve over 60% flow through in the quarter when you're looking at our wholly-owned domestic resorts.  Our table game volume, excluding Baccarat on the Strip, was up slightly about 1% or 2% in the quarter, and slot revenues at our wholly-owned Las Vegas properties were up about 6%. These trends are important drivers of our business as you can see in our core property cash flows, which grew in the quarter by some 28% in quarter 3. And I think that's the third consecutive quarter for our core properties. That's 20-plus percent increases in cash flow on a year-over-year basis, pretty impressive and pretty broad-based when you look at that consumer recovery that's underway.  Our regional resorts continue to do well. There's continued strength in the combined EBITDA of those 3 properties, up 13% at $79 million, the highest level we've reported since Q4 '07 led by Tunica and Beau Rivage, which had strong quarters.  When you look at the general consumer trends across our business, our Food and Beverage, Retail and Entertainment revenues for our wholly-owned domestic properties were up low- to mid-single digits. Our net REVPAR, excluding our casino and hotel revenues, grew a little over 3% in the quarter. So strong consumer spending across all segments for our business. And as you saw by the release, and as Jim mentioned, our retail room rates, our FIT and Leisure segments, which are most indicative of consumer spend, experienced the greatest year-over-year percentage increases amongst all of our room segments, up double digits in each of those categories. Switching gears and moving over to Macau, our VIP volumes grew to $23.1 billion in the quarter, up over 80%. Our main floor table drop was $558 million, and our slot handle was $867 million in the quarter. We continue to make operational improvements and believe we still have additional room for further growth, both in terms of the utilization of our table games, and more importantly, some of the work that Grant and his team has been undertaking over the past several months, which include the recent opening of our Platinum gaming lounge, a high-end main table floor offering that opened up in stages in both August and September here in the quarter. Work continues on our new in-house VIP gaming area, scheduled to be completed in late November and open in early December. And so, we've had a little bit of disruption as we gave up our real estate, as you'll recall, to our VIP in-house gaming space earlier in the year to one of our junket room operators. So that comes online in December, and we look forward to that.  At the end of the third quarter, MGM China had approximate cash balance of $494 million, an outstanding debt balance of $551 million and an adjusted leverage ratio of less than 1x based on trailing 12-month results. Looking at our CapEx in the quarter, we spent approximately $78 million in CapEx, excluding $14 million of expenditures at MGM China, bringing our year-to-date total for our wholly-owned properties to approximately $162 million. We expect to spend approximately $275 million in capital in this year, which includes completion of the room remodel activity at Bellagio and the start of the room remodel program at MGM Grand here on October. But this $275 million does not include the capital being expended by MGM China. In addition, we have many exciting capital projects underway at several of our wholly-owned resorts. As an example, Luxor and Excalibur are in the process of opening 8 new food and beverage outlets, predominantly with outside operators. Switching over to the balance sheet real quickly, our net debt balance, excluding operating cash in MGM China at the end of the third quarter, was approximately $12.1 billion. As part of our strategy to continue to extend maturities and lower our cost of capital, we drew down approximately $879 million on our revolver in September and immediately repaid it after quarter end. The result of which increased our ability to issue additional secured indebtedness to a total of approximately $300 million.  And with that, I turn it over to Bobby Baldwin to discuss CityCenter
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. Felicia, we're pacing in line. The first quarter has a tough comp with CONEXPO year-over-year, so that's a difficult comp. When you look at the citywide, it's at a $140,000. But overall, we're projecting our convention room mix in 2012, based on our pace, to be at or slightly higher where we're forecasting 2011 to be. So we're making good headway. The pace is continuing to pick up, as Jim mentioned, September was strong, and we think from a mix, overall mix standpoint, we'll be at or better than, slightly better than where we finish up for 2011.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. When you look at it, the Grand's getting probably more of the benefit and has one of the highest FIT and leisure percentage increases within our portfolio in the third quarter.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, I think, Shaun, when you look at it, I mean the teams have done an outstanding job in managing the expenses and offsetting any kind of expense increase that we've had with further cost reductions and containments. Our FIT numbers are slightly lower than they were last year and still significantly lower than the peak. So I think as you think about the top line continuing to grow, I think there is room for possible higher flow-throughs. I just don't want to get ahead of ourselves here. 60% is pretty good. And so, that's our goal, is to continue to maximize that opportunity and drive further margin improvement, which we think we can do.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, Steve, I'll tackle the first and I think we'll tag team on the second part of the question. But as it relates to our financing strategy, clearly, that's my highest priority, is to continue to move down this cost of capital, which will ultimately improve our free cash flow. What we did at the end of the quarter was provide us with even greater flexibility to do that, and it's something we have done once before in late '09 in preparing ourselves for 2010, but it's a much different environment. So I wanted to make sure we had maximum flexibility. And I think you should expect that we're going to be taking a look at things like our credit facility, continuing to look at accessing the markets opportunistically. The good news is we don't have to do any of that here in the near term. We have plenty of liquidity to get us through most of 2013 today. And so, right now, it's all about being opportunistic and bringing down this cost of capital. And you should see us doing that both here in the U.S. with our U.S. credit facility and financing activities, as well as Macau. Macau is the -- an opportunity there that I think throughout the course of this year and into early next year, our highest priorities in this category are those 2 credit facilities, the domestic one and the Macau facility.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think just looking at it at a high level, when you kind of just look in the rough numbers, Steve, it's hard to kind of give you a number because obviously, the debt markets move around and are pretty volatile right now in the last couple of months. But just to put things in perspective, I mean we are just inside of about $1 billion of interest cost. And as we could improve every point of interest savings, that equates to roughly about $100 million of incremental free cash flow to the company. So it's pretty impactful when you think about it in those terms.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think my objective is to try to keep them as neutral as possible. Obviously, we got some inherent increases in some of our labor contracts and some of those pieces going forward. But our objective is any kind of cost creep, so to speak, is to try to neutralize it with other plans and other savings. And that's the goal and what we're working with each of the property CFOs, to continue to find new ways to neutralize any kind of cost creep as much as possible.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: We've looked at this up, down and left to right all year long and always do. I mean really, the Baccarat numbers really are just purely a lot of times based on time of travel and dates of trips. And the players, we're seeing the players, we're getting the players, some show up in August, some show up in October. It's just a matter of their schedules and how they come in. But the overall tone of that business continues to be strong, particularly on the international side. And it just moves around based on timing of events and their trip.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: It will be a combination of a couple of the core properties and maybe even the hotel at some point in time over the next 3, 4 years.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And on the leisure, I just want to clarify, the luxury is a lot lower than the cores. And we continue to be able to move that mix around on the luxury where that's our main focus right now, and we're seeing that result.
Robert H. Baldwin: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. CityCenter is operating and the entities continued with another successful quarter, reporting adjusted property EBITDA from resorts operations of $50 million, a 26% increase over the third quarter of 2010.  ARIA's EBITDA of $40 million was driven by strong volumes throughout the resort. Revenues in the hotel division increased 20%, while Food and Beverage revenues increased 11% compared to last year. Table games' volumes, excluding Baccarat, were up 6%, and slot volumes were the highest since the opening of the resort, up 24% from the prior-year quarter.  The growth in the hotel division was driven by increased occupancy, and a 15% increase in ADR to $200, resulting in a 22% increase in REVPAR to $173. ARIA continues to emerge as a premier destination for convention business groups. For 2012 and beyond, our convention bookings' pace continues to strengthen. At Vdara, Vdara continues to solidify its position in the market as its reported adjusted EBITDA was $5 million for the quarter. Vdar has experienced a rapid rise in popularity as evidenced by occupancy increasing by 14 points year-over-year to 84%, even as our available room inventory increased to its full 1,435 room complement during the quarter versus 924 rooms that were available in the prior-year period. ADR also increased 11% to $157, while REVPAR increased 32% to $131. Crystals' third quarter EBITDA was $6 million versus $2.4 million in the same quarter last year. Same-store sales were up 27% year-over-year, maintaining Crystals' position as the second highest sales per square foot in the marketplace. 86% of Crystals is currently under lease, Dolce & Gabbana's men's and women's stores, 2 separate stores, are scheduled to open early next year. Our residential strategy of leasing unsold units continued to be successful. To date, we've leased 374 units, allowing us to offset carrying costs of our residential inventory and energize, of course, the residential component of CityCenter. As a litigation update, the Nevada State Supreme Court has listed the stay that we've been under for some time, and we are proceeding with the case or the multiple cases primarily with prebilling companies. The new trial date is scheduled for February 4, 2013. As it relates to CityCenter's balance sheet, our significantly improved financial position and performance has allowed the joint venture to make $100 million in pre-payments to the credit facility in September and October.  And that concludes my report, and I'll turn it back you, Mr. Murren.
Robert H. Baldwin: Yes. Felicia, ARIA continues -- the convention business continues to be very strong there. For 2012, as an example, we have 183,000 room nights in the books versus 133,000 last year, so up almost 40% in terms of our bookings for 2012. The same is true with 2013, in the above cases, the rates are higher.
Robert H. Baldwin: Steven, of course, there's going to be more volatility when you're reporting a single property versus a consolidated company. So ARIA is always going to have a little more volatility than at the MGM Group as, in total. Last year, the hold percentage at ARIA was right about 23%, which is just right about on our expectation for the year for 2010. This year, we're a little high, about 27% year-to-date. And most of that relates to Baccarat play and again, as a single property, you would expect a level of volatility. At least the ball is bouncing in the right direction.
Robert H. Baldwin: Yes. Harry, we're -- as it relates to the mid-tier properties, we've just completed exercise, the exercise of master-planning the casino floors, in particular at Luxor and Excalibur and New York-New York. So we have lots of work going into 2012 and 2013 in the mid-tier properties, much of it in the public areas.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Bobby. Just a couple of brief final comments and we'll open it right up to your questions. And I know there's been a lot of discussion, it was throughout the third quarter and the summer, of the economic uncertainty, sovereign debt, debt ceiling crisis, paralysis in Washington, I can't remember them all. We had quite a few issues globally to deal with. Questions we all got throughout the third quarter is how would that affect your business, are you seeing any effect to your business? And I think we can answer as we get all quarter, absolutely not. We beat the street in the third quarter in Las Vegas. We beat our own expectations in terms of cash flows, even with the hole that Dan talked about in terms of our REVPAR guidance.  And we're off to a very good start here in the fourth quarter. And we have said earlier this year that we get into the fall, we felt increasingly comfortable about our business because of the event calendar, because of the convention business and because of what we saw in our forward bookings. And as I said, we just had a wonderful October to start the quarter.  Quite a few things are going on this fourth quarter, which we think will benefit us. A number of events, I think we've got an Eagles concert this weekend. Another one coming up, we have the Pacquiao fight in a week. We have a number of special events and some exciting activities going on for the balance of the quarter, particularly leading up to New Year's Eve when 2 new big nightclubs open up for us, Hyde Lounge here at Bellagio and one El Cobra [ph] at the Mirage.  We think in the fourth quarter and based on what we see on the books and how we did in October, we feel comfortable given our forecast of a REVPAR increase of 10% here in the fourth quarter, with the best games actually coming in the highly important FIT market. We're also doing quite well in leisure as well.  I think we've positioned ourselves to fully take advantage of the Las Vegas recovery that is clearly underway. And the operating leverage of this business is such that if we continue on this path, we would likely see an acceleration of the growth of our cash flows into 2012, because we're seeing strong growth in REVPAR, growth in customer spend and in our volumes. Dan and Corey and the operating teams are keeping our costs in line, which is why this high revenue growth is being driven to the bottom line, leading to expanded margins. We think there's more opportunity there in 2012.  And so with that, I think we'd like to turn over to the operator and get right to your questions.
James Joseph Murren: Well, maybe I'll give a couple then anyone can jump in. We had quite a few rooms out of service in the third quarter at Bellagio. The profit impact was at least $1 million of cash flow. Obviously, a lot more of revenue, but the cash flow impact -- because we had, what, about 300 rooms out at any given time. The selling rates for those renovated rooms are consistently $30 higher than the average ADR at Bellagio. So the impact of the rooms that have been coming online had been very profitable. And of course, the renovations for all the standard rooms, which is 2,568 standard rooms. So you could work on the math in terms of what the future profitability impact could be for Bellagio. It's certainly happening. The MGM, we start that -- and that, by the way, was a $70 million CapEx program, so the ROI on that CapEx at Bellagio is going to be, we think, very robust. MGM is a larger room remodel program. That begins at the end of this year, of course.
James Joseph Murren: It's starting literally now. It's $160 million remodel program. It's a much larger room base, that's 4,300 rooms. At that point, there'll be about 700 rooms out of service at any given time, right? And if early indications are correct, we're going to get probably not a $30 increase, but we'll get $10, $20 increase in ADR at MGM based on that.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. And of course, if we held the same year-over-year as a flow-through would've been better. It's just that you got to obviously look at all whole being down year-over-year. If it was flat, the flow through would've been better, of course. The other point to make is that if we're correct on our strategy with M life, and our strategy is in terms of developing regional presence which will feed Las Vegas, you're going to see higher casino revenue, you're going to see higher win per units on slots and tables, which, and therefore, higher productivity even at the same level of occupancies in the hotels, which would have a profound impact on flow-through.
James Joseph Murren: I would be very confident in saying that 2012 will be even better based on what we have on the books already in both MGM and Mandalay, not only the number of events, but the quality of the concerts. And of course, if Manny Pacquiao wins, which we all expect he will next week, the fight of the century would be Pacquiao-Mayweather. We're certainly going to be shooting for that if that happens next year. But just what we know right now, I think you should be comfortable with the fact that both arenas will be very, very active. And I think it will drive, particularly drive business at the MGM and at Mandalay in terms of rooms.
James Joseph Murren: And maybe another thing, another way of looking at it, Steve. Dan's going to redo the credit facility. We're going to save quite a bit of an interest there. We're probably going to do that in the next quarter or so, okay. So credit facility is going to come down in terms of interest rates. We have those lovely New York-New York bonds that come due 13% notes in 2013. Clearly, as we refinance in the secured market and in the unsecured market, we're going to lower overall cost of debt. And that's where we are today. We've now reached a point where we were hoping for -- back a couple of years ago, a couple of years ago is about extending maturities, increasing liquidity and runway. I mean we used to talk about runway all the time. Now, it's about refinancing it at progressively lower rates. And we're at the threshold of being able to do that right now. We're going to start doing it immediately with the credit facility and with secure debt, and with overall cost of capital coming down. So it's 2012, '13, '14, we believe will be a story of dramatic reduction in our overall interest because the debt's coming down, and the cost of capital is coming down as well. On your hold issue, I don't know what to say about that. You've been in the business long time, our hold goes up and down. Our volumes are up. We're getting the play. These are customers that are coming back to Las Vegas and playing at the best properties in town, and we own a number of those. As it relates to ARIA, I'll turn it over to Bobby to ARIA, but we're actually really excited about the play at ARIA, and it's been one of the top properties in town.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, I mean it's -- could be -- it may be 1% or 2%, at most, in terms of expenses so -- for that reason that Dan mentioned. So we should get -- if we get the revenue growth that we expect, we should have significant flow-through and margin improvement.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. And in fact, Bill Hornbuckle might be on the call. It's late where he is, too, because he's in Asia. We're on our marketing trip right now. We've had hundreds of people, I think over 500 people in Jakarta party alone, coming to our events. So the events that we have to prepare ourselves for Western and Chinese New Year's are occurring literally as we speak. Great attendance at these events, which bodes well for Baccarat play in the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
James Joseph Murren: Well, without getting specific property by property, I could say a few comments about October. It is extraordinarily broadly based. We had a really wonderful month in terms of room revenue and profits. We had strong casino play. The core properties, which we mentioned before were the ones that have been increasing year-over-year at the most, continue to do extremely well. October, I think in the city, was a good month. And that, of course, benefits the mid-market properties, particularly. Bellagio is really on fire in terms of its revenue growth. It's the leader here, the best property and it's setting a tone for the luxury properties that we have, MGM and Mirage and ARIA as well. So I'm happy to say that it is extremely broad-based both in the casino side and on the hotel side. We had a few good events, both convention and arena events, in October that helps. And we're going to have more here in November in terms of events at the arenas. So we're off to a very good start.
James Joseph Murren: I don't think we've talked about that yet. We have a pretty good idea, Grant and the team and our team do. But I think you'll get that probably on our next quarter call. We'll be prepared to mention that. And I think that we'll be over there next week, more fine-tuning that cost of that project. But it's pretty clear what a property this size would cost. There are a lot of comparables. Galaxy, when it opened, others that have already talked about cost, given the size of the property rooms and casino, food and beverage offerings, you probably could get it pretty close within $0.5 billion, I'm sure. And we'll have more on that in about a month or 2.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. I'm sorry, we did. I did it. REVPAR guidance we gave was 10%, which I think was the same guidance we gave in the third quarter, although we came in at 13% in the third quarter. But we gave REVPAR guidance of 10% in the fourth quarter for Las Vegas.
James Joseph Murren: Up 10% for ARIA as well in the fourth quarter. We didn't give that, but now, we did. In terms of the mix, convention mix in the third quarter is about 12.5% of this year. It's going to be higher in the fourth quarter, probably around 14%. That'll bring the year end at about 14.5%, yes, 14.5, 6, and we'll be higher next year. We'll be closer to 15% next year.
James Joseph Murren: Well, they're up as well. We'll look at that. I don't know that I have that in front of us, but if you take the apples-to-apples rooms given the extremely strong REVPAR at Bellagio itself, particularly in October, it's wonderful, and of course, most of these rooms aren't back yet. But it's up heavy single -- heavy double digits in terms of REVPAR even on the un-renovated rooms.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. So with the spot tower here at Bellagio, that's one that we only built the -- when did you finish that, Bobby, was it 2000...
James Joseph Murren: '04. We're going to work on that next year. We have some more work to do at Luxor and Excalibur. We started those room remodel programs, the hotel at Mandalay Bay. But there's a schedule so we can pace out the capital, we can pace out minimizing the amount of rooms out of service in any given time. But expect that this will be going on, on a continual basis.
