Dan D’Arrigo: Thank you, Mackenzie, and good morning everyone and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be available later on today on our website. This morning, we’ve furnished our press release on Form 8-K with the SEC as well. Before turning it over to Jim, on this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today’s press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that the presentation is being recorded. And with that, I’ll now turn it over to Jim.
Dan D’Arrigo: Thank you, Jim. As Jim mentioned previously, our wholly-owned domestic resorts adjusted property EBITDA grew by 4% in the second quarter, despite the fact that our hold was down year-over-year. Our hold percentage during the second quarter was 17.7% compared to 18.2% in the prior year. Also you recall that Tunica was closed due to the flooding last year and reported a loss in the prior-year quarter of approximately $2 million and this year reported EBITDA of approximately $11 million. We grew our wholly-owned domestic hotel revenues by approximately 3% year-over-year despite the MGM Grand having approximately 67,000 rooms out of service for its ongoing room remodel program in the quarter, pretty impactful to the Grand and a little bit more I would say of a disruption to the Grand than we had originally anticipated there. Moving over to our balance sheet, we currently have $855 million in available capacity under our revolver and over $700 million in excess cash, totaling just over $1.5 billion in liquidity excluding MGM China. We believe we will soon have the opportunity to refinance some of our secured debt at progressively lower rates, which will also enhance our free cash flow going forward. Just last week, we launched to the marketplace a refinancing in Macau. The proposed $1.5 billion five-year credit facility will be a combination of term loan and revolver. We’ve received strong initial support from our lenders and look forward to showing you all of the details of that transaction upon its completion. As you’re aware, we continue to be debt-free in Macau on a net basis. So this financing will provide MGM China the financial flexibility to carry out its development plans in Cotai. Our second quarter capital expenditures were $102 million including $18 million at MGM China. We continue to expect our CapEx for the full year to be approximately $350 million. Our MGM Grand room remodel continues to progress with approximately 3,300 rooms completed. The project is on schedule for a September completion date. In the fall, we will begin the remodel of the Bellagio Spa Tower rooms, which will cost us approximately $40 million and is included in our full-year capital budget. The room remodel will begin here in August and be completed right before the holidays later on this year. Just to give you some guidance in terms of the third quarter, our stock compensation expense is estimated to be approximately $9 million to $10 million. Depreciation expense in the quarter is estimated to be approximately $230 million to $235 million. Our interest expense in the second quarter was $277 million including approximately $6 million from MGM China and $17 million in amortization expense. We estimate that our gross interest expense for the third quarter will be roughly in line with the second quarter. With that, I’d like to turn it over to Bobby Baldwin to talk about CityCenter.
Dan D’Arrigo: Yeah, that’s correct. We saw kind of starting in mid-May and kind of ended late in June where we saw kind of pace slow down, the market reacted and since that point in time, we’ve seen on a forward booking trend standpoint, we’ve seen the pace pick back up and we’re starting to get that pricing power later on in the year. So, it’s picked back up and that’s why we kind of look at it as a little bit of a blip on the radar screen right now.
Dan D’Arrigo: Yeah, Joe, they were – the Grand was probably the largest culprit in terms of the hold impact for the quarter. I think combined with the room disruption, you’re probably looking at low to mid-teens kind of EBITDA impact overall between those two factors. So, you’re kind of in that $13 million to $15 million range between hold impact and disruption from the room remodel program.
Dan D’Arrigo: Robin, that agreement is pretty consistent with what the other operators in the market. It’s basically an annual fee in lieu of the dividend tax. That agreement covers us through the year ended 2011 and any dividends payable through the year ended 2011 and we’ve submitted an extension request to that agreement that’s pending with the government currently. So, it’s roughly about, Grant, correct if I’m wrong, about a $3 million, $4 million payment in the quarter that covered all the previous years and the extension right now is pending approval with the Macau authorities.
Dan D’Arrigo: So, overall Robin, we had about in the quarter for Q2, we had about 63,000 rooms out of service, which was a little over 2% of rooms out of service year-over-year.
Dan D’Arrigo: Well, I think Shaun – this is Dan. We did just about, just inside of 15% mix last year. I think exactly we were at like 14.7%, and we’re hoping to do a little bit better than that this year around the 15% level. I think right now, based on the in the year, for the year, we’re kind of pacing around 14% to 15%. By no means are we giving up. The team’s working hard to continue to build in that, in the year, for the year. So, I think right now, we’re continuing to pace at about a 14% to 15% level.
Dan D’Arrigo: And Mackenzie, we’re coming on the top of the hour. So, we’ll take one more question from the group.
Dan D’Arrigo: I think when you look at it there, Sue, I mean on the cash flow side, it obviously benefited from a full quarter of our share of the IPC out of Macau and that was offset a little bit by some expenses there. So most of the increase was a result of the full quarter of our share of the IPC out of Macau.
Dan D’Arrigo: Well, I think as it relates to the Borgata account, we get and do have the ability to use some of those funds for debt repayment and debt service and we’ve done that. I think that accounts – it’s around $160-ish million today in that trust account and that will run its course over the agreement we have there. As far as dividends out of Macau, that’ll be something the board will sit down and contemplate from time to time much like it did earlier this year and will obviously factor in not only the performance where the balance sheet is and the cash position of Macau, but also going forward where we’re at in our Cotai development and other growth opportunities. And I think as you look out and look at the facility we’re putting together, the cash flow potential of MGM Macau, I think there’ll be a variety of opportunities for that port to consider going forward and that will include the opportunity to continue to return cash to shareholders. So that’ll be something that that board will consider from time to time, but the opportunity will be there.
Jim Murren: Well, thanks Dan, and good morning, everyone. This morning we’ve reported solid second quarter results led by wholly-owned domestic resorts’ adjusted property EBITDA growth of 4% and record EBITDA for both CityCenter and Macau. These results were achieved despite the economic headwinds all companies are facing in these volatile times. Our operating teams remained quite focused on maximizing our revenue and keeping costs in check to drive cash flows throughout our portfolio properties. And at the same time, we continue to reinvest in our properties for the future and constantly introduce new and exciting offerings for the guests. During the second quarter, we observed a pocket of softness in the U.S. consumer beginning in mid-May. This was reflected in spend particularly in domestic table games, entertainment and in retail. We also experienced slower than anticipated in the year, for the year convention bookings during that brief period. And based on these current trends, we expect RevPAR in the third quarter will be slightly down. But despite these headwinds, we were able to grow our EBITDA, our RevPAR and our market share during the second quarter. The softness we experienced during the second quarter for convention bookings in the year, for the year has not impacted long-term bookings. In fact looking out into 2013, we’re encouraged to see convention bookings, the pace being up year-over-year and although it’s still early, 2014 pace is even stronger. We’ve also fortunately recently seen a pickup in U.S. consumer trends at our wholly-owned properties. We remain focused on driving market share and profitability in a variety of non-capital intensive opportunities; for example, M life. Our success here overall is evident in the fact that we’ve grown our market share to-date in table games and in slots, and we continue to outperform the market in terms of ADR and occupancy. We also grew our EBITDA at our regional properties year-over-year, despite an increasingly competitive environment there and some tough trends in the U.S. regional gaming markets. And we believe this is due to our M life customer loyalty program as being working. We’ve been actively cross-marketing our Las Vegas resorts to our regional customers and this program has done very well with approximately 20,000 room nights booked through this campaign since its inception in April. And our marketing alliances are successful in building loyalty. Ameristar has been a great partner so far and we look forward to continuing to grow our network. Yesterday, we announced a partnership with the Morgans Hotel Group. Through this partnership, Morgans will transform what is now THEhotel at Mandalay Bay into the Delano Las Vegas. We will begin remodeling the rooms of THEhotel in mid-2013. And through the Light Group, a subsidiary of Morgans, we will be introducing three new restaurants and a cutting-edge new nightclub, injecting some fresh energy into Mandalay Bay. We continue to be very focused on customer acquisition and expanding our reach into social media. And we have partnered with Playstudios to create and launch myVEGAS. myVEGAS is a social gaming app that recreates the Las Vegas trip experience and exclusively features our brands. It represents our collective thinking about how to leverage our brands and social channels to further engage our customers. It’s a unique and fresh take on social gambling and it’s a very cost-effective vehicle to acquire customers. And of course, we’re looking to expand our brands and operating expertise into some key strategic regions. As I’m sure you’ve seen in the headlines, we are actively pursuing growth opportunities in some gateway cities including Toronto, regions such as Western Mass., Maryland and of course Cotai through MGM China. We believe we’re well-positioned in these markets and believe that there’s not only great opportunities on a standalone basis, but also offer an opportunity to expand our network into Las Vegas through M life. We’re weathering this economic environment well. We’re proud of our position here in Las Vegas and how we’re doing and in the hospitality industry in general and we see many opportunities to grow our company. And with that, I’d like to turn it back over to Dan to talk about our operating results and financial position.
Jim Murren: But it did affect our bookings for the third quarter, which is reflected in what we talked about being RevPAR down slightly in the third quarter. In the year, for the year has been affected by that booking weakness that we saw in May and June. We think also people are kind of hanging out before the election and taking a breather on conventions a little bit before the national election. But, as I said earlier, that has not had any impact on our longer-term bookings.
Jim Murren: Just adding to that, Corey, RevPAR in the luxury properties was up more in the second quarter than at the non-luxury properties. And the – that’s RevPAR, but if you look at total revenue per occupied room, again doing better on the luxury side if you adjust for the hold that we had. Mirage held single-digits in the quarter. So that doesn’t help much, but if you take out that – strip out some of the hold impacts, the revenue per occupied room looks pretty good. Our entertainment, retail on the luxury side was up year-over-year.
Jim Murren: I have to caveat by saying I hate using room remodels as an excuse. I hated it when I was an analyst, I hate it now. But a couple of things about the Grand, to defend the Grand because it actually – they did a great job over there. A couple of things we pulled out. The second quarter was the second highest RevPAR in the history of the property, the property opened back in 1993. It had the second highest RevPAR since 2005. The Food and Beverage revenue was in the top 10 for a quarter in the history of the property, again open for quite a while. Wet Republic had its best quarter ever. It’s the third highest second quarter in terms of entertainment. I mean there’s a lot – I mean I don’t know how many you want of these. Convention room nights were up 34% in the quarter. Slot handle was up. National cable game drop was up. So, there’s no doubt it hurts, but it’s not an excuse to shift an explanation with I guess what’s going on there, and it’s done next month. And we know based on the rooms that have been brought back on to service, we’re getting nice increases in ADR and the mix is starting to pick up and we’ll have all of that for the fourth quarter and certainly for all of next year.
Jim Murren: Well, I lost about eight pounds in the past year, but – and Bill Hornbuckle found it, he said. We’re pruning. We always prune, Harry. It’s not going to be a significant amount of cost going forward, but we have a goal of trying to pull out about $50 million a year, out of our – out of our wholly-owned and corporate departments despite technology efficiencies, and we feel good about that. The major effort was back in 2008, 2009, and fortunately those days are well behind us right now. So, I think you saw that we’re getting decent flow through at some of our properties, especially if you kind of figure out the hold on it. We’re going to – our FTEs are flat. We’re managing our expanses in other ways where we can, and we’re very, very focused on driving free cash. So, as we drive some revenue, we’re committed to bringing as much of that to the bottom line as possible. And by building up some market share as we are and improving our customer mix which does lead to higher margins, we think that there’s a good chance for that.
Jim Murren: Yeah. So Sarah’s mentioning that what will be a little shot of adrenaline for Las Vegas with Terminal 3 opening up in June. That certainly helps us because we cater to an international customer. Particularly our European business does really well in the summer and continues to do well this summer. So I think that that will have a positive impact on visitation. We don’t have the numbers out yet, but that’s our guess. We do believe – which is remarkable given where we were a few years ago – but we believe we’re going to have an all-time record in terms of visitors to Las Vegas this year in 2012, north of 40 million people. And we’re capturing more than our fair share of those visitors. And so I guess that you’ll see a pick-up because of Terminal 3 and we have a lot of events coming up into the fourth quarter city-wide, not just for our company. So, we think the trends will be moderately up year-over-year for the balance of the year on visitors.
Jim Murren: Well, I’ll turn it over to Grant, but after our last call, we did – shortly after, I think it’s within a week, we passed a very important hurdle and it’s a multi-step – Grant, how many stages are there like 16, 17, 18 stages? I lose track.
Jim Murren: And from our perspective, I mean we can make our RevPAR go up by just having our rates higher. We maximize EBITDA and we’re going to maximize occupancy at the highest rate we could get. And therefore that’s the result we’re going to see in the third quarter. We prefer to have as much cash flow in our buildings as possible.
Grant Bowie: Thanks, Bobby. MGM China had a solid second quarter. Net revenues were $709 million. This was up 6% year-on-year. Adjusted property EBITDA reached $187 million which is a net of 12 of branding fees. Before the branding fees, adjusted property EBITDA was $199 million, an increase of 14% year-over-year and a record high for the property. The EBITDA margin before branding fees improved to 28.3% from 26.1% last year due mainly to a higher hold percentage on our VIP business, but also from continued improvement of our main floor contribution and the ongoing impact of our efficiency initiatives. Across our key revenue segments, we are seeing continued strong growth in the main floor table games, slots, and our in-house VIP while in the junket segment, as most know, we’re seeing some slowing in its growth. Overall win for the VIP segment was down 2% year-over-year despite our new in-house VIP space improving at a steady pace throughout the quarter. In fact, we had our best in-house VIP quarter ever during this period with rolling chip increasing 17% year-on-year. On the main floor, table win was 17% year-over-year, an increase of 220 basis point improvement in our margins due to our table yield, key performance indicator-based efficiency decisions and table spread efforts. While the competition in this segment is heating up particularly in Cotai, we are looking to enhance our product offerings by introducing some new games to our players in the near future. Our slot win increased 48% year-on-year. We credit this with our consistent and determined execution of our strategy which has allowed us to attract and retain top-tier customers. These customers continue to respond strongly to our slot product and service offerings particularly in the high-limit gaming areas. The key elements of our business strategies are working. For example, we mentioned in our last call that we’re working on driving visitation numbers by creating unique experiences for our guests. We opened up our butterfly exhibition in April. This exhibition has consistently attracted around 50,000 visitors a month. On an incremental basis, the exhibition increased our property visitation by 8%. In the month of June in particular, our property visitation increased 9% year-over-year, while in fact, the Macau visitation actually declined by 3.4%. The incremental traffic lifted our cash, F&B sales during the quarter by 5% year-over-year, and certainly had a positive spillover effect on our mass gaming. To solely capitalize on the retail opportunities presented by the traffic increases, we’re contemplating expanding our retail presence at the property in the future. On the gaming front, we are working to complete our Level Two expansion. This project will deliver a high-quality product to house over 40 VIP gaming tables. The project is expected to be completed in early fourth quarter. It is our goal to increase revenue and junket productivity by introducing new junkets and reexamining existing junket table allocation. On the main floor, we will introduce some new products to offer to our customers. And at the same time, we’ll be focused on capital improvements next year to refresh our mass gaming experience. On our Cotai project, we’ve made a lot of progress on getting our construction team in place as well as continuing to refine and enhance our designs. We continue to make progress with respect to our land concession process. A dialog with the Macau government has been positive and proceeding at an encouraging pace. While that process continues, we’re making every effort to hit the ground running once the land process is complete. We’re preparing our general building plan for submission shortly and we have submitted an application for our land prep work and working to have our general contractor on board in the fourth quarter. Our Cotai project as previously advised will have approximately 500 tables, 2,500 slots, 1,600 rooms and a budget of approximately $2.5 billion. And this would be spent over a timeframe of approximately 36 months. At the end of the second quarter, MGM China had approximate cash of $660 million, debt of $553 million and an adjusted leverage ratio of less than one or 0.84 to be precise based on trailing 12 month EBITDA. With that, I’ll turn it back to Jim for his closing remarks. Thank you.
Grant Bowie: Well, I think we’re in an interesting time at this part of the world with obviously the transition about to take place. People actually are still – certainly have money. There’s no question about it, but there’s no question that people are just being a little more careful which we think is just a short-term phenomenon.
Grant Bowie: I think the key issue is that I think we’ve pretty well provided the government everything we need and I just want to reiterate that the timeframe of actually execution. Yes, the land concession is critical, but the next phase which is getting the building built is just as time-consuming and that’s what we’ve been taking this opportunity to get ourselves ahead of that curve. And we’re pretty excited and the team’s doing a great job on that. So, I think we always need to keep remembering, because I think we’ve all become somewhat obsessed about the – it’s only about the land. That’s really only the beginning of the process and we’re trying to parallel some of this work, and I think we’re doing a pretty good job of that.
Grant Bowie: I do. So as of the June 30 balance, the balance was in Hong Kong dollars this is, because I’m looking at the Hong Kong dollar accounts, so forgive me. So it’s HK$809 million. That’s about – less than $100 million U.S. and we’ve reserved about $200 million against that. We’re actually pretty conservative with that reserving strategy. And so, I think we’re – in a net position, we’re in pretty good shape. We’re slightly ahead of where we were last year, but really nothing significant. It’s less than 10% ahead of where we were in terms of total receivables outstanding.
Grant Bowie: The advances to the junkets is about – let me just check that. It represents about 60% of that, 70%.
Grant Bowie: Okay. And on that basis just when you talk about junkets, we liquidate that amount every month. So that gets cleared every month, so that rolls.
Grant Bowie: Well, I think it’s important that we actually build on a portfolio. So when I say we’re building out Level 2, that’s not at the exclusion of the mass market. We continue in the main floor to actually upgrade all the time. What we’re doing on Level 2 and I think we’ve discussed it for sometime is that the – we really need to maximize our productivity and our availability to bring in multiple operators into the environment. And so what we’re now starting to see is that we have the large junket operators, what we’re now wanting to position ourselves for is to be able to add greater number of high quality what euphemistically might be called a Tier 2 operator, which is slightly smaller. And so what we’re really doing is reorganizing the real estate, making sure we have the right tables and the right configurations in the right places such that we can have the maximum number of independent operators providing us the greatest depth. And as we all know generating the maximum volume, we can to get that – to get as much of the volatility out as we can.
Grant Bowie: So, even though the market – even though the growth rates are slowing and what we still have to do is make sure that in this competitive marketplace, we provide the most attractive, the best facilities we can to get more than our share of that pie.
Grant Bowie: We got 427. The 426 simply identifies that 426 units have operated at some time during the period. We still in terms of yield and managing and spreading the tables, have the capacity to reconfigure and that’s what I mean about building different space configurations. So making sure that we don’t waste any tables that are not performing at their floor average. And so taking tables out of say a six-table configuration moving it into say combinations of double table private rooms, single table private rooms. So we still got some room to go in terms of getting more value out of the 427 tables that we have.
Grant Bowie: I don’t think we’ve really changed our proposition. We’re still saying mid to upper 20%s. I think this period was probably a pretty good indicator of sort of the upper quartile, but I still say that it’s in that mid to upper 20%s. So, I think I’m still really comfortable. And the more – you correctly say the more we can get the main flow of mass market mix working for us, certainly the bigger advantage it has for us.Shaun Kelley – Bank of America: Okay. Thank you very much.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, I think at the high end at our Bellagio and our higher end properties, we’ve seen spend actually increase pretty decently, mid-single digits, and at the core properties is probably where we’ve seen a little bit of the reduction in spend from the core customer.
Corey Sanders: And the convention groups love the product. So, future bookings look really good on the convention side of the Grand.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, Harry, the numbers actually look pretty good there. We’re seeing double-digit increases in the rooms on the books there. And everything’s positive from that perspective both at Bellagio and MGM. Mandalay Bay is always the tough one, because there’s so many rooms always on the books, but they’re getting up there and their pace should be where we’d like to see them. We’re pretty comfortable where we are with rooms on the books at this time of year for what we’re expecting for next year, which we expect a growth in the convention market and convention mix for the company.
Corey Sanders: We’re in a really good position. Now it’s just filling the holes in tough periods, but we’re pretty comfortable where we are right now on the convention side for next year.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, forward contracts were given price increases on all of them. We see rates going up. Our biggest challenge is having the leisure and FIT rates keep up with the convention rates which is not a bad challenge to have. But everything’s looking positive on the rate increases.
Corey Sanders: It’s hard to say because of comparing apples-to-apples and who’s in what space at what time. I mean, I would suspect, we’re going to see mid single-digit increases.
Corey Sanders: Yes, so the rooms out of order were what we were expecting. I don’t think it has much of an impact at all when you’re running mid-90%s occupied. It doesn’t change a lot on your denominator. In a traditional hotel company, you take 10% out, it will have an impact, but for our high occupancies, it’s hard to say. We’ve lost a lot of money on the weekends when we’re selling out. So, we’ve looked at it many different times. I just – I don’t think it’s had an impact at all on it.
Corey Sanders: Keep in mind also we’re taking our – we’re taking our high end rooms out of service and replacing and filling more rooms at our lower end, which is going to have a negative impact on the company RevPAR.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, this is Corey. During that period, there was a competitive environment. We try to maintain our practices in what we would do and so we don’t really participate in a lot of that. I would say now what we’re seeing is it’s probably lightened up and it’s probably back to a normal level. There are some people out there that are probably a little more competitive than others, but from our perspective, we’re back to a normal yielding process.
Corey Sanders: Yeah Carlo, that will probably be a combination. I think when you look at last year’s third quarter with a higher mix in convention, we ran pretty high occupancies in the third quarter. So I think it’ll be a little bit of a combination of both in the quarter.
Corey Sanders: Well, it’s been consistently up. I would say in the second quarter for the MGM Resorts companies including ARIA, we had the largest drop and we didn’t hold as well, but we have the largest drop that we’ve seen in the history of the company in the second quarter on the international side.
