James Murren: Sure, Joe. I’m going to turn that over to Corey Sanders, who really has been leading the charge more than anyone else, and is leading a group of very talented men and women here to achieve these better-than-expected results.
James Murren: So first, at this stage, we’re just going to reiterate that $200 million number. If you recall back in the PGP plan, I think, we’re about 9 to 10 months into that before we revised the number at all. So we’re a little bit early relative to that period to talk through what could happen going forward. But I will say that the institutional memory of that and the horsepower we have here gives us a lot of confidence in how holistically we’re tackling this plan. And I have to say, I have to reiterate this, because it’s not just the cost cutting plan and it’s not oriented the way PGP was, this is literally a reengineering our business from the top down in a way that is very unique to the gaming industry and is more akin to our companies and other industries. And I think probably, Disney would be a good example of that, where we are using the best talent we have organizationally in the company from a corporate perspective and marrying that together with really strong operating people at the properties. And certainly, it gives us more flexibility on a more real time basis to manage our expenses.
James Murren: Sure. Maybe I’ll take the M&A part of that, and then maybe Bill or Corey can take that. Just to be crystal clear here, we like what we own, and I’m not really interested in owning much anything else. We didn’t look at the Caesars assets before the El Dorado trade and we’re certainly not going to look at them now. We’re not looking at other opportunities to own bricks-and-mortar businesses simply to be in a market. As we’ve said, if we don’t believe we could be a market leader and bring an entertainment component to a resort, we’re not interested in investing the shareholders’ money just to be bigger. We do believe that sports betting is going to continue to provide over time, a really strong opportunity for the company, not only in and of itself, but more importantly to enhance the profitability of our existing resorts, and Mississippi is a really good example of that, and more profoundly you’re going to see that in other states as time goes by. But I would say that, that is our strategy from a corporate allocation perspective. And as it relates to the loyalty, I’ll turn it over to you, Bill.
James Murren: Yeah. As you know, we haven’t gotten into the property by property building blocks. We have said that those ramps are part of our guidance, but we do know how those properties are doing, all of them. And even with what we know, we are reiterating those cash flow numbers for next year and the free cash flow numbers. And the reason why we’re doing so is that we do see continued growth in those properties, and frankly, a better macro setup here in Las Vegas than we talked about late last year. There is no doubt that Las Vegas is doing better, and we will continue, we believe, to do better here at the back half of 2019 and into 2020. And some of the business we have on the books on multiple channels. And I think it’s encouraging, very encouraging to think about not only that convention mix, right, Corey, but also look at our core properties and how they’re doing here in Las Vegas, look at their margin growth and understand where the leisure businesses right now. This is a very dynamic company. So if we are behind in someplace, like we’re behind in Springfield, we’re ahead in many other places and that is the value of being diversified company. And also, very frankly, we have a very good understanding of this project 2020 initiative, and we dug deeper than we discussed in the first half of this year and that’s going to accrue to the benefit of the back half and into 2020.
James Murren: So I’ll start, then I’ll turn it over to maybe Corey or Bill to jump in. We look at everything, we view our business as – our leadership in our business as portfolio managers. And we certainly look at all of our properties, not only individually, but what they might be able to do for one another. And in terms of how we manage the business, we do see scale certainly by having more than one property here on the Strip. I think that it’s certainly worth noting that some of our properties do better than others. But most of all of them are in our database in our M life programs. The outlier, of course, is Circus Circus. Circus Circus is not part of M life. And has not been integrated fully within the MGM Resorts portfolio. All of our other properties certainly have. But we do look at how we’re running this company as a portfolio, and we do know, and the Summer League was a very good example, having properties at multiple price points is a great benefit to us. And even the week before that, having Microsoft in-house and having properties at multiple price points is a great benefit to us in the convention side. As it relates to OTAs...
James Murren: Well, a few things that are abundantly clear to us here, and we’ve learned an awful lot over the last 6 or 7 months as we’ve really dug into with some of the smartest tax, corporate finance, accounting people that work for our company. And with our advisors, both financial, legal and tax advisors that we have a lot of options in front of us, actually very creative and interesting options in front of us. We also know that our real estate is misvalued in the marketplace. That’s clear just based on traits that are happening all around, vis-à-vis the owned assets that MGM has today, including the one we’re speaking to you from here at Bellagio. Thirdly, the real estate committee is completely aligned with the full Board, which is to say, anything that we do will be enhancing to our financial objectives, particularly because we’re acutely aware that we’re in the later stages of an economic expansion. Anything that we do, anything that we think about going forward will be to improve this company’s financial outlook, both in terms of its balance sheet and its earnings power. And there is a mix between owning assets and operating them. But we do believe that an asset lighter model makes sense with the key privado, which is that the operating company, which is responsible for the CapEx of all the properties under this model, is if anything stronger than before. Because what we won’t do is sell assets and diminish the value of MGM Resorts. So we have a lot of work we have done. We are glad we’ve taken the time. We’re certainly glad we didn’t have any knee-jerk reaction to ideas that were thrust upon us a year ago. And we’re more educated today than we ever before, and that is why I say that we’re coming toward the end of our decision-making process and that you’ll hear from us later this year.
James Murren: In December, which obviously, for the community in the town is in a hole that you would, in otherwise, fill up that scale, so it’s really exciting. And again, reminding everyone literally in our backdoor of Mandalay. And one of the things that Bill and his team are working on is how do we maximize the benefit of having the stadium, which is how do we maximize the foot traffic, footfall into Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Excalibur in creating this pedestrian experience because recall that they’re going to shut down Hacienda to vehicular traffic. So people are going to congregate around our properties, walk across I-15 into the stadium and walk back. The other infrastructure improvements certainly are benefiting on the entire community. So I would say that what we’re seeing on the convention side, the leisure business, our ability on 2020 to yield evermore effectively are all positive signs. And what we’re seeing now on cross marketing because of our regional acceleration, is drawing more business into Las Vegas in the non-rated table play, non-bac table play and in slots. And maybe one other just symbol, I guess, which is going to cause compression in rooms, which is great for the whole town, but notably us. Our friends at AG booked a festival called the Day N Vegas, first weekend in November. It booked 60,000 tickets in 1.5 day. So the appeal on the draw of this community is still pretty incredible. And so, obviously, 60,000 folks will cause a significant amount of compression and that we can. So not only that was he did, we can buy any stretch, but the compression will drive rates and just continued enthusiasm for coming.
James Murren: Yes. So there’s a lot going on that’s benefiting, and we’re really excited for mentions regarding in this sphere, that’s going to be another incredible draw to town and certainly we’re looking forward to Resorts World opening up. There’s – the amount of infrastructure being invested in Las Vegas by so many different parties is going to benefit the entire town, and that’s good for us.
James Murren: Sure. We have studied a lot of the models as you study and analyze, and we’re certainly not a hotel management company that have relationships with different REITs. We are a company that is in the entertainment business that creates specific entertainment experiences for our guests. We also know that we can expand our revenue streams by using our expertise in noncapital-intensive ways. And I think sports betting is a really good example of what will happen over time as we use our brand and our expertise in entertainment to drive revenue and profit without expending a lot of capital. I think also what’s happening here in Las Vegas, finding people to partner with us or encouraging people through partnerships of using our land where they use investments, also through joint ventures will help us. We also are in the non-gaming business. And we feel that there is really no company out there in the hotel space that’s better than we are in developing and managing hotels. We’re doing that in China. We’ll be doing that elsewhere as well, those are capital-light projects where we can deploy some of our expertise and some of our knowledge. We are responsible for the CapEx of the properties that we are operating. And so an asset lighter model that we’re pursuing will be used – will be done through the lens of improving our financial wherewithal with the expectations that there will be a downturn in the future. Fortunately for MGM, we’re far better prepared today than we were before the last downturn. We have no major capital projects underway; we have no major developments that are being built, we know what our CapEx is going to be in ‘19, ‘20, ‘21, ‘22. We know we can manage that CapEx very specifically. We know we’re more diversified now than we were a decade ago. We know that because of MGM 2020, we’re more nimble. We’re more able to react to economic changes or even regional changes, let alone global changes. And so when we think about what do we do with the owned assets, we do with our assets that are part of MGP, our operating units there. We also are really proud of the MGP team. They, too, have been busy, they’ve been very focused, they have been very, I think, disciplined in terms of acquiring assets accretively, but acquiring quality assets because not all assets are equal. And certainly not all assets are equal when you’re in the later stages of a cycle. And certainly all assets are not equal if you’re in a downturn. MGM Growth Properties and MGM Resorts owns only Class A real estate. It doesn’t own Class B classy real estate. And in more mature areas of real estate, that’s well known to investors. And they value real estate in office, in commercial, residential, retail differently depending upon the quality of the asset. In the gaming space, that hasn’t happened yet. But it will. It will happen in our view, because quality counts. We saw that during the last downturn in markets where we had the market leadership position whether it be Borgata in Atlantic City or Detroit where one property went bankrupt in Detroit, but not MGM Grand Detroit. And so we are viewing all of this through the lens of improving our financial wherewithal, our financial stability and we understand fully our obligations as the capital provider to our resorts. We just feel that we’re just getting going in terms of how we can best maximize the value for all the shareholders, MGM Resorts, what we own, including our OP units in MGM Growth Properties.
James Murren: It would be hard for me to foresee and certainly not something we’re pursuing. We did look at a property that you’re well aware of earlier this year. We were presented with that as something that we should or would take a look at, and we did. It’s a high quality asset in a major city, where MGM already has a very strong brand affinity. And so we looked at it, and of course, we end up passing on that opportunity. But it wasn’t something, and nor is anything else something we’re actively pursuing. As I said earlier, we like what we have. And we don’t need to own any assets anywhere in the United States to maximize what we believe is our sports betting opportunity. And so therefore, the only reason why we would look at something is whether or not we believe it will have an outsized return on investment and fits within our capital allocation strategies. And I think Empire City is a very good example of that. Certainly, we believe that there is a vast opportunity over time with Empire City as we can diversify that into a broad-based resort. And so I hope that answers the question.
James Murren: Thank you. And I want to thank you all for joining us today. I hope you found it informative. Just want to recap on a couple of things, one is we are satisfied with the second quarter. We’re really very pleased with how balanced the property performance has been, both throughout the United States and over in Macau. We are incredibly proud of the men and women here at MGM Resorts that have implemented to date our MGM 2020 Plan. It has been a tremendous amount of work which is bearing fruit as we speak. And you’ll see the benefits as that accelerate throughout the balance of this year and into next year. We’re pleased that Las Vegas is doing as well from a macro perspective as it is, and it sets up for really a positive performance for the entire market in 2020. And as I said, now that we have a half year under our belt, we are confident that we’re going to hit our 2020 financial targets, that $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion of consolidated EBITDA, our free cash flow per share of $3.50 while running a conservative capital allocation strategy that targets that leverage between 3 and 4x while we increase our dividend and return shares, buybacks to our shareholders. With that, as always, Cathy, Aaron, Corey, myself, Bill, we’re always around for any questions you have. And thank you very much for joining us.
Corey Sanders: Yeah. So 60% of it is going to probably impact the Strip, 30% will impact regionals, and 10% will impact corporate.
Corey Sanders: Yeah. And what I would add, Shaun, is on the inflationary cost of our business, we feel the organic growth should more than offset that and anything that we do here on MGM 2020 phase 1 should all go to the bottom line. And as Jim mentioned, the pure costs we could take out there, not just what we’ve done on the labor, but even on the sourcing side, where we spend approximately $2.6 billion a year in product and services, we think there is opportunities there to also increase the bottom line of the company and achieve our margin goals.
Corey Sanders: Yes. What I would add, Harry, we manage our business and especially who are putting the rooms on a gross profit per segment. And we have a good understanding of all of our segments. And even that OTA segment has profitabilities that drive incremental EBITDA and pretty decent margin business because they don’t have a lot of investment other than the fee associated with OTAs. We used it more stellar and more strategically toggling up and down on those as we need them. And we think that the balance that we have right now is probably the best we’ve had in a few years.
Corey Sanders: And then what I would add is we’ve definitely seen the benefit in the neighborhood. New York-New York had a tremendous month. The second quarter revenues are really close to their top EBITDA. And we’re seeing also the flow-through and even Aria, which is continuing to probably outgrow its peers in REVPAR on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Corey Sanders: Sure. In the back of the year, the majority of the increase is a bit in the year for the year bookings, in particular, at MGM in Mandalay Bay.
Grant Bowie: Thanks, Joe. Good question. And yes, obviously, we were actually pretty pleased to see the price of the ramp up increase. So yes, there was an additional enhanced earnings in the second half. The critical point with The Mansion, and as I think we’ve always discussed is, we’re actually building momentum and we’re actually seeing that growing pretty well. So I would – what I would prefer to say is that we’re continuing to see the pace of that growth continuing into the third quarter. And we’re pretty happy with how we’re seeing it. And most importantly we’re seeing really solid return visitation. We’ll have all the villas online by the end of September, which is great, and because we’re now starting to run into demand issues, which is really positive, and then we can start cranking the yield. So the pacing is good, primarily in mass, but also seeing some really solid performance growth from returning reactivated in-house VIP customers as well.
Grant Bowie: Okay. So if we look at the market in general first, we’re still positive, optimistic as we always are in the mass market. And obviously, and that’s the way we positioned ourselves. Junket market I think is going through correction, and I don’t think there is any indicator that we’re going to see any significant change in those growth patterns. On that regard, therefore, focus for Macau is obviously to replace any of the customer traffic that we shifted to Cotai, which has stabilized significantly and we’re starting to see share in that regard. And we are really positive. Now the refurbishment of Cotai and Macau continues, and we’ve been working on the east of the casino in the last three, four months, which is obviously the area, where we – if we were going to see any effect of that, it was going to occur. And we’ve had some, but not significant. We’re accelerating that work to get it done before the October holiday. So we’re really positive on just the momentum, the focus and the intensity [for cut] [ph] from Macau. And so that’s solid, got a good management team and they are dedicated just to that property. Again, I just want to reiterate that the continued performance in Cotai, we’re really starting to see collective momentum in terms of not just in The Mansion, we keep on talking about that, because that’s a step-up for us, but across the premium mass area in that property consistently. Sign-ups’ continues. It looks positive. Our quest to increase market share is undaunting, but obviously with the market as it is, becoming increasingly more difficult, but we’re still really positive that every quarter we’ve been able to just take a little bit more and a little bit more and that’s just something we’re going to keep focusing on. So continued momentum in the mass, that’s where the growth is and obviously in Cotai we’re also now starting to work through to make sure that we can – we right-size the OpEx relative to the performance of the property as well.
Grant Bowie: That’s a related question, Harry. I think, we’ve always continued to give guidance on them, but we see the stabilized margin in that sort of 26% to 27% range. Yes, we really were able to crank out some really significant higher 20s in Macau for a period. I think, we recognize that Cotai is a much bigger property, some of the reinvestment rates in Cotai are higher. Yes, of course, we will always strive for those sorts of numbers, but I’m still giving that guidance that we think it’s – that will be pretty comfortable in the 27%. But – at last, we’re going to continue to strive to get the most that we can.
Grant Bowie: Harry, if we were to see some significant market growth, I think all of those things are possible. I think, one of those – margin is also dependent upon the strength of the market and what’s the price you have to pay to generate the revenue. So if you’re getting a lot of organic market growth, yes, that’s possible. But I would suggest that’s probably the trick or the trigger for that.
Grant Bowie: Sure. So on the capital front, first. As I think we’ve already announced, we’re deep into the process of design of the additional suites for the completion of what is the top tier at south tower. And at the same time, we’re also starting on a very preliminary Phase 2 expansion strategy. When we built the property, we actually built foundations for expansion. We’re now working through that in terms of product mix, product requirements, et cetera. Not likely to see any investment and not its significance until around 2021, 2022. On the concession renewal, we continue to do exactly the same as we have always done, and that is just continue to be responsive and perform the way we had. Obviously, with Pansy, she’s able to provide us a lot of insights and lot of engagement, and we just continue to work diligently through. There’s no – with the elections coming up, the new Chief Executive onshore will have designed policy position on that. And so right now, we’re all working through those processes, that making sure we continue to do the things that we know we’re focused on, small and medium-sized businesses, the localization strategy, all of those things that came up in the midterm review to make sure we’re well positioned as well as looking for other initiatives to build our business. So we’re still positive, don’t see any reason that we shouldn’t be successful. But what we do – totally understand that this is a decision for the Macau government.
Grant Bowie: Simply no. We’re still seeing solid premium mass games and building, maybe we’re in a slightly different cycle to others. But I would also acknowledge that mid-mass is also pretty strong coming in the summer, it can be a bit difficult to judge whether the gaming business continues to grow through the summer. But this seems to be pretty positive. So overall for us, we are comfortable that there’s growth there for us, both in the principal segments that we’re running in. So we’re not seeing that effect.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jim. A couple of different perspectives to look at, obviously, with our Regional strategy, it’s been a couple of years now, since we took over management of Borgata, and therefore, we now have full access to that database. Obviously, Springfield is ramping and growing, and now with the advent of Northfield Park and Empire, we’ve added over a 1.25 names to our database. And so what’s relevant about that is, what we do with them. Interestingly, Empire City had its best quarter ever, the second quarter, since right before the aqueduct opening. And so we’re encouraged by both of those businesses and we’re also encouraged by our ability to get cross-regional play and cross-traffic in and out of Las Vegas. Park MGM has helped that. We’ve had over a 0.25 million sign ups since that new brand has been launched. And we’ve seen our cross-play go up close to 50% and our room nights about the same from when it was just about a year-ago. So I think the strategy in the Northeast of note is working. Our ability to import people back and forth from Maryland, New Jersey, now from Empire into Springfield, and ultimately to Las Vegas as a price are starting to pay off.
Bill Hornbuckle: And I’ll just add, Harry, as a final that our OTA partners, our partners are important to our business. And so on the collective, well, at times, I understand the question and nature of it, it’s important that we’re on balance, and we think we’ve managed that relatively well. They can be demanding at times, but they are great partners in the totality of it all.
Bill Hornbuckle: Steve, and this is Bill. I’ll try to tackle that one. Look, our full ramp will be through 2021 to get to, I think, full value, we’ve still got a couple of assets opening what we’ve seen with entertainment has been absolutely spectacular. Italy is performing exceptionally well. NoMad, literally has the second highest MPS score in the company. And so all of those assets are doing well. Where we need some stickiness, frankly and interestingly, is in the casino on unrated play. We’re focused on it; we’re programming against it. Of note, the entertainment component and if you look at – and obviously, we’re situated, you’ve got T-Mobile and Park Theater, which are literally the Top 2 grossing arenas and midsized theaters in the world right now, driving massive amounts of traffic to the property. And so over time, we’re figuring how to take full benefit of that. Obviously, Park Theater is ultimately Aria showroom by way of example. And we leveraged against that if you see the marquee today driving down I-15, you’d understand that relationship. And so we’re pleased with the ramp, we’ve got some work to do, there’s a couple more assets coming on board. But overall, it’s really through to 2021 that you’ll see full benefit of it.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. That’s a good strip. And one of those elements is the pedestrian bridge finishes in October of this year, which will take a great deal of eastbound traffic over to the West side of the Strip, which, obviously, is our sweet spot.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, obviously, this morning, they announced ‘20 and ‘21 Pac-12 football tournament here in Las Vegas.
Bill Hornbuckle: Tom, again, it’s Bill. The answer to your question is yes, it has helped us think about our business. Look, we managed the REVPAR and ultimately, in some instances, particularly looking at casino marketing, and some of the lower quadrants of our M life database, the cash on cash business, we’re looking to make the most money by yielding occupied rooms on the totality of the basis. And so whether we’re up 1, 2, 3 or 4 percentage points in REVPAR, while always meaningful and somewhat of an indicator, the bigger indicator is how we’re doing in the collective. And I think particularly over the last several months in this year, we’ve managed up casino a couple of ticks in marketing, a couple hundred basis points to the expense of leisure, which I think is ultimately been to our betterment.
