Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. We've made solid progress in the company coming out of the pandemic, and our operating models are strongest as it even been. I'd like to again thank all of our team members for their commitment and dedication to MGM Resorts. We've not be in the position we are today without all of their hard work. Obviously, we are looking forward to the rest of 2022 and beyond with confidence and feel our best days are yet to come. With that, operator, I'll turn it over and take questions.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks Joe. Look, I think generally, the answer is we have not seen any of that yet. We've seen obviously a tremendous amount of strength in March. April has continued. I think maybe Corey is probably best suited to answer some of this, and maybe Jonathan can finish it up. But Corey, if you want to--
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure Joe. Let me take that one. The first thing I want to start by just stressing our partnership with Entain as it relates particularly to BetMGM and what we've accomplished has never been better. I think we've finally really caught stride. You can see that in some of our numbers and our market shares, we're excited for the next launch that the guys will go through and define some of the product that's becoming our way. And you'll hear a whole lot more about that on Investor Day on May 12th. As it relates to Entain specifically, we tried a year ago, as you know, to buy them. And I don't think a whole lot has changed. You've probably watch the basis of their shares and our shares kind of go hand-in-hand. And we said then, and I'm going to repeat now, we need and want to diversify the revenues in this company. We absolutely thought the space was the right space when we did the BetMGM deal. It's now been double validated by that, particularly the iGaming segment, which LeoVegas is extremely strong in. And so we made our move. To your point, it's not the world's largest acquisition, it's bite sized. It does, though, give us exposure to nine global markets that we don’t currently have. We love that team, what they've been able to accomplish over the last 11 years. They've had over the last five years, 16% compounded growth year-over-year. And so the team has been great, Gustaf and all he's been able to accomplish. The Texas rate, the platform is -- sits down on the cloud. So, all of the technology we looked at, and I can assure you, we look at it a lot. It's first-class. And we're going to get about 850 employees. There's several hundred of them who are technologists, something our company can desperately use and need not only obviously for this effort, but potentially for other things long-term in the company. And so for us, all good things. As it relates to markets, about 75% of their current markets are in regulated markets, there are a few and only but a few that are single-digit that we will close down because of our BetMGM, New Jersey being one of them. I think they -- I don't think, I know they had 1% share in New Jersey market last month. So, I don't see any of it as consider any kind of real hurdle to get through. And they have demonstrated and we know because we have growth potential within that organization, that there are other things to go out and capture. I think this last quarter would demonstrate when others potentially have struggled, they again had a great quarter. I think they just reported this morning, €14 million EBITDA, which is about a 35% gain over the first quarter of last year. So I couldn't be more excited by the transition, even more so by the team and the ultimate technology and just the opportunity, I think, it provides us longer term. It's pretty exciting for us.
Bill Hornbuckle: David, I think we see it as a vehicle to continue to grow globally, and it's a great starting spot because we, again, fundamentally liked the foundation of the company, both in management and technology, particularly in iGaming. LeoVegas in Sweden, they have a dominant share. They're over 35% in the Nordics. We're fifth-gen in markets from the Nordics and in Sweden, in particular, they have a dominant share. So that's of interest to us. they will use our -- we, ultimately, if we are able to get this through, we'll use our brands, MGM, Bellagio and others because, obviously, it will be our company. And one of the things that kept them restrained was capital. And, obviously, given the balance sheet, given our desires and our aspirations in this space, they won't be capital restrained in the near term. And it's something that we hope to have them lean into, and we're happy to help with that. We'll be cautious about it, we'll be, as always, wanting to understand growth and regulatory environments and all things that are out there. But again, we've seen them demonstrate their ability to grow both organically and with acquisitions. And we have a couple of targets in mind with them to continue to grow that we think makes us a bigger piece of the pie for us and ultimately puts us on the map.
Bill Hornbuckle: And Shaun, Bill here, maybe just a little added color because I can't help myself. So in January, in the midst of Omicron, we're in the low 60s, Las Vegas margin was still 31%. And by that time, March rolled around and we reacted to the business that improved 1,000 basis points in March. Led by – and this is another thing I'll brag on them because I'm proud of this for the team and the company particularly, Bellagio did – and I know we don't normally give these, but I can't help myself, Bellagio did $84.5 million in EBITDA in March. Don't go times 12 now. Having said that, it just shows the strength and it is a property 22 years into its history at an all-time month. And a lot of it was helped by margin. When you're doing 41% margin, it just helps.
Bill Hornbuckle: Clearly, to launch, I think there -- as the industry continues to expand, whether you talk about Africa, South America, Brazil, other places, we will continue to look at that through that vehicle. There are other like-minded acquisitions of scale in Europe that still exists, particularly Eastern Europe that potentially exist. And so look, recognizing it's a bite size and midsized opportunity for us, the goal of buying it wasn't to keep it there. We've talked about diversifying revenue and ultimately cash flow, it's going to take some volume to do that. And so this is our start into that genre. And we like that team from an acquisition perspective, they've got the right mindset and again we like the way that they think about the business. We like the way they market their business. Their margins have been good and for reinvestment in the business, never been great. And so we'll use that. I don't know about tomorrow, but I can expect very soon once we get through this transition and transaction, we'll be back at looking how to grow that business, both organically and through acquisition.
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, first answer is yes. Second one is I don't want to take Adam's thunder, if you tuned in May 12 at the Investor Day, they've got several hours of it, but generally good. From where we sit, we love what we see. We understand the noise around it all, but we're seeing through it, particularly with iGaming. And so I think Adam and that team, Madden Company will be digging into it in some great detail, Joe.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, look, arguably, as we know to date, the opening bid, and this is our -- obviously, an RFP process is $500 million for license. We know that tax is currently set at an opening minimum of 10 and 25, which is favorable. It's kind of interesting, we're talking about a $0.5 billion license fee as favorable. It's the highest in the history of the industry by 5x. Having said that, we like where the governor went with it, we like the opportunity it creates. We had hoped to invest up to a couple of billion in the first round, Phase 1, to put us into the table games business, to expand some of the amenities and put it much need parking garage there to put an entertainment facility there and potentially some other things, we think that will attract the kind of market that's available to us both in the neighborhoods and the surrounding areas, like all of our stuff, we target mid-teens and beyond, and this wouldn't be any different. And so I think that's a good way to think about it.
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, I would say the key differentiator there is it's cloud-based. And therefore, when you talk about expansion and scalability and you talk about the ability to bifurcate the front end from the back end, it presents that fairly easily. And so we're not running around having to deal with a bunch of hardware. We're not running around and having to deal with code-based that goes back a decade or so. And so it enables us to be quick and scale principle of two differentiators. And then they've demonstrated the ability to in-house game studios and others to have the casino business is meaningful. Obviously, we'd like to think, and we've seen this through at MGM when we put our brand on things, it works. It works exceptionally well. Some of the best games on BetMGM are MGM-branded games and so we intend to do the same and grow that business from there. And then I think the last thing and the thing that's noteworthy both here and there is live dealer. It's a space in a place we want to continue to push into. This will give us one of the vehicles to do that. And if you think about it, and you all understand some of the valuations in the industry when it relates to live dealer providers, at our core, it's our stores that represent what they do. If we can't do this in a fun and compelling and exciting way, then shame on us, so we think there's a great opportunity to do that as well. And again, Vegas' backbone and background enables us to do exactly that kind of offering.
Bill Hornbuckle: Let me kick this off, John, quick and turn it over to Corey. Kind of the international -- one of the interesting things is, and I mentioned in my comments, the 80% return in international air. Despite the success we've seen so far, particularly in the last 90 days or last 75 days, Canada has not fully returned yet. And so, that's good news and why. But the good news is, we've only seen about half of that come back. And so, we think there's a substantial uptick to come when that finally opens up. We think Mexico is there. Europe’s been about half as well. And then, obviously, we have not seen much from the Far East, whether it's either leisure or at the higher end of the business. Although, the international marketplace is holding up from a casino perspective. And so, I think the genesis of all of that between Canada, Europe and ultimately, whether it be six months, a year or God knows from now, the balance of Asia returning, it will all be accretive and additive to where we are today.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. Thanks, John, for the question. And we agree, to think we have a crack in this market at scale and be one of the long-standing survivors, I think, will be pretty compelling for all of us. That said, I'd hope to be doing pylons by late 2023, early 2024. And then, this is -- given its scale, this is a four-and-a-half-year project to build. So this is a 20 -- late 2028 into 2029 project is really the way to think about it, I think.
Bill Hornbuckle: It will take depending on the system and the environment. Some stuff is pretty quickly and some of it will take ultimately out through a year. When you think because we want to do it properly, we want to integrate the property, we want to make sure for both employees and guests, particularly their rewards guests that there are no takeaways. And so it just depends on what segment and what piece of that environment you're talking about. But again, it's anywhere from 90 days to a year depending on how we're -- what the particular subject matter is. We're in -- I think we've said earlier, to make a mistake. That place has done exceptionally well. I think it's like if you look back trailing 12, like $450 million of cash flow or something around that number. And so we're going to go cautious and relatively slow.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. Barry, the booking window is similar to what it's been in the past, it's past 90 to 120 days, we have plenty of visibility there, and we're pretty comfortable with that. We're not seeing any slowdown in those areas.
Bill Hornbuckle: I don't want to take Adam's thunder, but he'll go over that product offering come May 12th. But he’s single wallet is literally in the making, and he'll talk more about that on Investor Day.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. Yeah. Obviously, given the environment, given the state, there's a lot of regulatory that goes along with that, but structurally and from a technology perspective, our ability to do that is coming soon.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. I don't know that given the competitive nature of this, the netting out piece will sustain. I suspect it won't. Look, we don't want to be presumptuous. Obviously, we like where we stand. I think we've served that community well and in turn, they're prepared to support us. We're going to go like hell to make sure that the day this happens that slot machines are ready to go into the building. And we're going to flip out roughly 1,000 machines give or take, to bring in tables as soon as we possibly can within months.  And we're going to make an assessment on a parking facility and when to go on that a master plan. We had to ultimately get our head around the master plan, which we're working on diligently now. I wouldn't mind under any circumstance parking needs to be a real piece of this. But it's a couple of billion dollars, and we're going to be thoughtful about how quickly we do go when it's all said and done.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. Again, I just want to emphasize the resiliency of our team and the company, in fact, even the industry. I mean, given how quickly we all came out of COVID and what we were able to do in particular examples like the one I mentioned in Bellagio in March, kind of unprecedented. So, I couldn't be more excited by it and thankful for everyone's effort on that. Our future has never been brighter. We're sitting on an extensive amount of liquidity. You saw us put it to work immediately with LeoVegas in a space that we're highly interested and highly motivated by. And our balance sheet is fortress. I mean, we have never been in this position. And so we're going to continue to look at proper ways to allocate capital, whether it's stock repurchase or most -- or more notably, I think, at this venture, ways to grow our cash flow. And we've continued to enjoy the growth of Las Vegas in the context and events capital of the world. Now in sports, with all the things I mentioned earlier, Formula 1 of note coming forward, every weekend that we had a game or an event down in the South and was a teens digit growth norm for those properties. And so that's all inherently built into our future now. And so we're very excited by that as well and what's happening in Las Vegas. We're excited by New York, of course. And then ultimately, I think Jon put a point on it, long term, Japan is a very exciting thing for the company, will help massively diversify our revenues more globally. And so with that, operator, I thank you, and I thank you all for joining us today.
Corey Sanders: Sure, Joe. We're not seeing anything -- any change in customer behavior. Pricing power is still strong, putting betting revenues are breaking records, so we're not seeing it.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, David, it's Corey. What the convention business will do is it will help us in our midweek ADR, which we've had a little bit less pricing power with that business that will allow us to yield up those rates. Our casino base continues to be strong, and we don't see that business displacing that. To the contrary, we'll displace the lower end package business before we do any of the casino business.
Corey Sanders: Dan, this is Corey. We're not seeing anything different than we would have seen in the past. I mean, this luxury properties obviously aren't -- don't have any challenges. Mid-week when you don't have convention business in the legacy properties have probably a little bit more of a pricing challenge, but that's very similar to what we saw pre-COVID.
Corey Sanders: I think we're getting to the finer strokes in terms of the opening of nongaming amenities, ones that are important but are not financially material enough to meaningfully move the margins, one way or another. So -- and what's happened also is -- in recent months, we've been able -- because of the labor availability has improved, cell capacity open that we really need in order to meet the demand. And that, of course, helps margins when we can have more customers in the hotel. So I think the impact going forward in the regional markets, on the amenities, on margins is going to be very small.
Corey Sanders: Hi, Chad, it's Corey. In the regionals, and particular, -- and Jonathan touched on this a little bit with the room limitations, especially at properties like Borgata that had an impact on tables. We are starting to see some of that play come back. In Las Vegas, the typical game play is pretty solid, and you're doing that without any Asian player. So to even be up there, I think, is a testament to the strength of that market. And Chad, I think to your core question, fundamentally, is there a change? I mean time to check, there might be, we don't see one. I mean, I think we're seeing some of the same activity case, whether it's the extreme amount of cash business we see in Maryland. We just had a very successful tournament this weekend in Borgata, which proved once again, the marketplace is there for us on tables for Blackjack. And so fundamentally, we don't see it. We understand the numbers you're dissecting but you look at a place like here Detroit, by the way, for the day. If you look at Detroit, where they still have some restrictions that are hampering this business and when they begin to ultimately and finally come off, we hope to see some of this as well.
Corey Sanders: Sure. Ben, it's Corey again. The food and beverage numbers are at '19 levels now, even with less covers, a little bit less covers, so as occupancy picks up, we come pretty close to there. The entertainment spend pretty close to where it is in '19 also. There's a lot more supply out there. So, we're seeing our average ticket prices up in many of our venues with occupancy remaining fairly consistent.  So all in all we're pretty comfortable with what we're seeing in the spend in the other areas. And then eventually, the catering and banquet business comes back and March was a great month for that. We have some properties that had actually record catering banquet business. Once again, that is a higher-margin business than just normal restaurant business. So we're pretty optimistic about that also.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. Thanks. Let me take those two questions in turn. First of all, as the year unfolds, we do see the group business continue to build. In particular, the second quarter will be very strong for our group business, and that's because, our team was able to rebook many of the group customers that canceled back in January into the second quarter. So all that being said, our business, as we've grown it, we've diversified our revenue streams, is not as seasonal as you might think, that through our event strategy and through our marketing strategy, we've been able to really, I think, drive levels of business across the year that really keep our properties running at an optimal level. But the group business, of course, was down in the early part of the year, but we're seeing it continue to grow and will exit the year at about 90% of 2019 levels. As far as the margin dynamic you described, yes, clearly, as we bring back that important segment of the business, it's going to drive additional EBITDAR. And depending upon the types of groups that we get, it may have a slight diminishing effect on the margins. The margins this quarter are a really interesting story. As you know, in Las Vegas, we reported about 36% EBITDAR margins for the quarter. But those started out in the low 30s and ended in the low 40s as we drove that additional occupancy. So generally speaking, occupancy is really good for margins in our business.
Jonathan Halkyard: So, David, if I could add one thing to that as well is that while we're very proud of the progress we've made on our share repurchases or just over a year, we've repurchased 19% of the market cap of the company, and that was an important part of the asset light strategy. But this allocation of capital to a company like LeoVegas, and perhaps follow-on investment into that platform with other M&A opportunities, is exactly the -- also the type of allocation of capital that we had in mind when we set about this strategy to put it towards digital gaming, higher growth verticals and a platform we could extend our brand internationally. So it really does complement our capital allocation strategy.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. I mean, performance – it’s almost impossible to overstate just how strong our performance was in March. This company was firing on all cylinders and it was helped certainly by a very strong event calendar in the month. So, revenue levels to a property and margins in the Vegas market in the regions were very strong because of that.  Going forward, there's no meaningful changes to the cost structure that we're going to see as we go through the year. The strength that we're seeing in group demand and what that means for rates, particularly in midweek will be healthy for margins. The casino business has been particularly strong. As we've said on prior calls, we do in our business planning, expect some of that spend to normalize over the year. And to the extent that happens, is that could be a take on our margin levels. But like I said in the call, we're certainly comfortable with margins level being sustained in Las Vegas that are well above those that we delivered in 2019, and we certainly did that in the first quarter.
Jonathan Halkyard: So we – in just over a year we’ve just done, just over $3 billion of share repurchases. I think it's fair to say that this is a bit ahead of the pace that we might have predicted last year. And it's because we've been opportunistic with opportunities the market presented in terms of the pricing of our shares, which we believe are undervalued. That being said, we now have largely come to the conclusion of the asset monetization strategy that we set out with the closure of the VICI-MGP transaction last week.  And we have before us a number of interesting M&A opportunities and other growth projects. Bill mentioned two of them, New York and of course, LeoVegas in our prepared remarks. So we're going to keep powder dry to be able to jump on those opportunities as they present themselves. So I think it's fair to say that our pace of share repurchases might be lower as we go through the balance of the year. But again, a lot of it is driven by opportunities the markets provides us.
