William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. Hopefully, you've heard the business case come through loud and clear. MGM Resorts offers consistent earnings through our Las Vegas and regional properties with near-term growth and diversification through BetMGM shift to profitability and MGM China's rapid inflection as well as long-term growth opportunities in international, digital and to our expansion efforts in New York and Japan, plus a fortified balance sheet allows us the ability to make optimistic investments and acquisitions as well as return capital to shareholders through share repurchases. As Jonathan mentioned, we believe our shares will still be priced at an attractive level. And as we stand today, I am certainly encouraged by our ability to grow free cash flow significantly and believe as a sum of the parts evaluation we've included in the deck suggests our core business is trading at multiples, well below our competitors, providing for future growth and value to our shareholders. With that, operator, we'll take questions. 
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Joe. Let me take those. As it relates to digital, we're focused on working alongside our partners with a collective goal to maximize the growth and profitability of MGM and LeoVegas. I think we're making good progress on both those fronts. And that's really all we're going to say. I think on the second one, it has been interesting. I'm hopeful in the next month or so that we're going to hear something from the commission and ultimately get the process rolling. As you know, we've submitted questions. I think we submitted like 84, 85 questions about the actual build in the process. The moment they begin to return those questions to us, the 90-day starts. We've not got any specific indication, but we do believe it will happen shortly and are hopeful to that. So that remains on track, I think, for some time in '24, getting license and then pushing on from there would be our goal and our hope, but nothing definitive there either. 
William Hornbuckle: I'll kick it off and turn it over to my colleagues. Look, obviously, Formula One is a unique opportunity. And it sounds like one that's going to repeat itself for us often and the economics around that are substantial. That being said, we've relooked at our forecast for the second half of the year and particularly on top line, driven by rooms and driven by luxury, feel really good about it, both individually by property, and particularly as you go up the luxury spectrum and then ultimately overall. I think the big thing that's going to impact us is going to be ultimately wage. You all know the  culinary and the company -- all of Las Vegas companies are now out in negotiating process, which is going well. We have decades of history with them on doing this. This town hasn't seen a strike since the '80s. And so I think we'll come to a reasonable result.  There are issues there around housekeeping of note in their core contingency of people that we're going to need to address. But labor, I think, is the biggest thing that sits out there. But again, the top line has been holding up exceptionally well. So Corey, do you want to... 
William Hornbuckle: And maybe last comment our casino segmentation is up almost 10 points as a percentage of our mix generally. The program and all of its attributes have been a key driver in that. And so we've seen a good deal of pickup throughout the course of the last year. Even if I take out BetMGM, which is, as I've said in my prepared comments, a huge driver of new sign-ups. If you take that up, I want to -- and I'll be off on the number here, but I think we have like 12% or 13% growth in that program. And so -- and ultimately, awareness, obviously, going from M life to MGM Rewards, the awareness of the program and what it means across the portfolio has been beneficial. 
William Hornbuckle: Ultimately, it's our ability to market to their customers and then their customers having an opportunity to do BetMGM MGM in its context. We have a program, I think, that's going to motivate Bonvoy points for those folks ultimately. It sits independent with BetMGM today, but I think it will be a key driver.  And when you have 180 million people aware of a product, we think it's pretty significant and interesting and they can get rewarded in Bonvoy points and ultimately do things, both inside their organization and ultimately back within our own. So it's a pretty straightforward deal, whether it's a fee for acquisitions for us and then they open up the benefits programming to all of their members and our members to each other. 
William Hornbuckle: Yes. Look, I think -- and we've said this on a prior call, and I think the great news is we finally got single wallet in motion. I think the opportunity with Angstrom will drive more product, more parlay, more frequency and recency around bets in-game and otherwise. And those are big margin businesses. And so if you look at, I think gross, we're a little over 9%. I know there's a goal to break through 10 once we get Angstrom fully deployed, which will probably come in a couple of phases through football and then post football. And so I think if you look at the businesses, that's the biggest delta between the two is the product offering and more importantly, the type of products that potentially someone like a FanDuel or DraftKings will offer versus the velocity of things that we offer. We're simply going to have more high-margin bets available for customers as we deploy Angstrom. 
William Hornbuckle: Well, I think, in macro, it's beginning to be a slight factor. But I think if you look at it in aggregate, obviously, what's happened in a place like Michigan where it's gone almost 100% more than brick-and-mortar. It's meaningful to the business and meaningful collectively. We continue to hold our market share. I don't know, Corey, recently, what it is 48% or whatever it is... 
William Hornbuckle: 46%. So in totality, we think it's to our betterment, and we're excited by it long term. And again, I think once we get more of this omnichannel in play, we can begin to motivate back into the property level with tournaments and other activity cases that will drive people back into brick and mortar. 
William Hornbuckle: And then if you think just more macro in terms of events activity, the great news is we're still a net beneficiary where carriers like to bring their aircraft. I think we're sitting at 115% or 116% of inventory seats over where we were prepandemic. So that's been great news. Conventions, as Corey mentioned, will pick pace. We have yet to see the full return of international business to Las Vegas, particularly from Asia. I think that will pick some pace. We're excited by what we think Marriott can do from a -- if not a displacement but probably a little bit of both, a higher-value customer against an occupancy creep up because we've seen what's happened to Cosmopolitan. If we stretch it across the portfolio, we think that's meaningful. We have several bids in for several NCAA tournaments, the college championship game, the Final Four, Frozen -- not frozen, whatever they call their Final Four for hockey, I think it's called Frozen Fury. And so -- and the programming of legion and the opportunity it provides has proven to be highly successful for whether it's Beyonce that's coming in later this month or others. Selling out in Las Vegas is almost given the nature of the activity, it's not a 3-hour event, it's a 3-day event. And  so we keep getting more than our fair share of looks at all of those things as a community. And we, as individual properties, obviously, with T-Mobile in our portfolio, et cetera. So overall, I'm pretty excited by all of it. 
William Hornbuckle: It's 2 things. You kind of touched on both of them. Drive to profitability, we see cohorts maturing in 24 to 36 months, particularly in sports. Hopefully, a little sooner in iGaming -- hopefully, they are maturing a little sooner in iGaming. We've seen our CPAs come down from 400s down below 300s. And so there's active maturity there in the context of how we're marketing into whom and we're more disciplined about all of that. And candidly, it's back what I said earlier. Our product is not where we want it to be. I think the moves that we're now making though with Entain, our partner, with the moves we're going to make with Angstrom as an onboarded partner for BetMGM will get us to a place where we'll be back in that game in a meaningful way and hopefully begin to gain some share back. On the casino side, it's simply sports bettors, about 30% of them migrate over to the casino. If you take that out of the equation -- if you leave that in the equation, it's part of the reason iGaming come down a couple of points, but we continue to dominate. We're not naive that they're not coming after us in that forum. We continue to innovate. We've got new games going on the floor, go back to the question we just had around is hurting brick-and-mortar that have jackpots that extend from digital over to brick-and-mortar and vice versa. And so we're continuing to figure out ways to tie both products together to promote both ends of the spectrum. 
William Hornbuckle: Robin, the whole agreement is basically a hybrid, given the nature of Las Vegas, given our occupancies. And so yes, we're paying fees on some rooms, not all. And so look, I think you long understand the nature of the story here and what we've been able to do, whether it was more of -- just a loyalty program. This goes a little deeper and longer, which we're excited by, but it is rewarded on performance. So the more room nights they drive and the more room nights they bring us, the better they do and ultimately, I think the better we will do. But it's a hybrid deal. It wouldn't be in the general context of how you think about our franchise agreement. 
William Hornbuckle: John, thanks for the question. I think the answer is yes to a degree. I mean we're going to keep the velocity of capital we spend in Las Vegas when we're sitting here, particularly on that corner when we own all 3 properties in measure. Having said that, it's a $1.5 billion stadium. It's going to deliver hundreds of thousands of new folks. MGM is 30 years old and need some love anyways. We're not pleased about the way it all connects right now, so we'd like to work on connectivity on that corner. We'd like to work on, particularly the front end of MGM. We think, frankly, the further you get away from the elevators, the worse the property gets not the better. And we'd like to think our front door could be enhanced and I know it can. And this will be a catalyst to that dialogue, where we go and how much time to tell. But yes, we do think there's an opportunity there. 
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator. Just quickly, before you all go, look, I think you've heard, we continue to have a really strong top line story in Las Vegas. It's led by event activity, it's led by luxury, which we -- again, to Jonathan's comment, 80% of our earnings are coming from the luxury segment and sector. You heard us talk about Marriott think about what we just did. We've just partnered with the world's largest hospitality organization and with 180 million members directly tied to our programs and ultimately to our properties. You know BetMGM is now at an inflection point. You heard us talk about margin retention and margin stabilization going forward. I think we're at the numbers we should and want to be both in Las Vegas and regional, and we'll continue to work towards that end. You heard about our balance sheet being in great shape and the value that it presents to shareholders, particularly given the trading multiple that we're at remains very opportunistic in our view, but it sits there loud and clear. So for that, I thank you for all your support and you are here and have a great evening. 
Corey Sanders: I think you covered it, Jonathan. And Shaun, I would just for reaffirmation on margins. We've now landed, I think, what we said we would land. I think that's pretty history would say that, and we intend to stay there. And so we'll continue to adjust the business accordingly. But we understand the importance of the margins and where we are and where we need and want to be. And I think we're just about there. 
Corey Sanders: Yes, David, it's  Corey. I think the business is fairly stable as we look across all of our lines of business. The one area we're seeing a little bit of a decline in is our table games at a few of the properties that Jonathan mentioned earlier about the decline in our business. The non-gaming amenities are holding up extremely well and have been very strong this summer. On the labor front, I think we're pretty well dialed in there. We're still down significantly from our peak FTEs and have a good understanding of our cost. So that business maintaining, I see is most likely happening in the future quarters. 
Corey Sanders: And just a few other points, Jonathan. We just have changed our platforms, which will allow us to do gamification, which we think from a loyalty perspective will help increase wallet share. And then we just announced that The Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas in February will shift to our loyalty program. So we're looking forward to the opportunities there also. 
Corey Sanders: Yes. So 2024 from a convention booking perspective looks really positive for our company. We'll be up about 6% in room nights. Just as a reminder, Mandalay Bay has been under remodel. So that's impacted the number of convention room nights we've had in the second and third quarter here. So we have been a little bit down on the convention side, which puts some pressure on the legacy properties in the midweek. But as we look at '24 and the pace that we're seeing in where those rooms are being booked, it should make up the difference that we saw in the last few quarters. 
Corey Sanders: And then thinking of the Sphere with U2, which at 20,000 people a night has to help the entire city. And I think boxing is definitely coming back. We just hosted fight last week and that was spectacular for us. So... 
Corey Sanders: Yes. I think, in general, there's plenty of demand to fill the properties. It just comes to the rate on midweeks. And in particular, when you look at Luxor and Excalibur, they've been impacted by Mandalay's construction going on over there. So they haven't had the flow over from those convention room nights.  When there are conventions in town, we have pricing even at those -- pricing power even at those properties. But the summer has been a little bit low on the convention business, not just for us, but from what we've heard from some of our competitors, but we're still happy with the occupancy we're seeing in there. 
Jonathan Halkyard: No. We see that as net of -- net benefit to the company and also doesn't include benefits in the regional markets and in occupancy recognizing we already operate at very high occupancies, but that's a net number. 
Jonathan Halkyard: I was just going to add a couple of comments, which is that ours is a unique regional portfolio in that not only are virtually all of the properties have commanding market positions but now with the conclusion of the room renovation at the Water Club as well as the Beau Rivage, these are properties which are as a group point to be extremely strong free cash flow generators for the enterprise over the next several years with a lot of the major CapEx behind us. So they play a very important part for the portfolio because of that. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. Most of our investments in the loyalty program have been around technology enablement for our MGM Rewards members so that they can make their reservations online, they can check-in through mobile check-in, et cetera, and also introducing benefits to the program whereby they can redeem their MGM Reward points for non-gaming as well as other amenities and earn the points on non-gaming amenities. All of these are seeing steady progress as we go through quarter-to-quarter. And it's an increasingly important part of the business. The capital investment requirement is fairly modest. It's more around operational standards and just increasing the awareness of our MGM Rewards customers the benefits associated with the program. 
Jonathan Halkyard: No, I'm still comfortable with that range, and I appreciate the observation. We look at it very closely where we get very specific in terms of where that margin improvement is coming from. But then again, 2019 was a long time ago. So  we're focusing on the business as it is now, but we're still comfortable with that as a benchmark. 
Jonathan Halkyard: The -- in terms of the margin performance year-on-year, again, it was fairly consistent with what we experienced in the second quarter in terms of margin performance in Las Vegas. But as we look year-on-year, a lot of the difference is coming from labor. As we came out of this -- came into the second quarter in 2022, we weren't yet fully staffed. And so we were comping against a lighter labor load in the second quarter of 2022.  And then it was a mixed bag of a number of small items. None of which are -- I think, are worth going into. Hold was not a significant factor, and those all contributed to it. But like you noted in the premise of your question, we're kind of in that margin zone that we anticipated getting to and have been now for a couple of quarters. 
Jonathan Halkyard: I mean, I'd prefer not to parse the quarters. I think you're directionally correct in terms of the relative strength of the different quarters. We think the second quarter calendar result was  terrific, and we stand by that second half profitability comment. 
Jonathan Halkyard: And Stephen, it's Jonathan. If you look at our second quarter, some of the KPIs that we called out in the earnings presentation, I mean, as the leading indicators, we're very excited about them for the profitability of the business, lower customer acquisition costs, higher margin on online sports betting, increased play by our loyal known customers and then all of our pre-2023 markets now contribution positive. I mean all those things bode very well for improving profitability in the future. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. Yes, at the Borgata, it was a matter of a couple of pretty significant table game events moving from June into July. And MGM Detroit, it was some issues around hold for the property in the quarter. But again, going forward, we're comfortable being in that range. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. We're not going to go into the details of the agreement. We actually feel like we've been pretty transparent in terms of what we think they'll deliver, what they think they'll deliver in terms of rooms and the incremental value associated with those rooms on a net basis, but that's as far as we're going to go in terms of describing the transaction. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. Thanks for the question. This is an important part of our capital allocation program. It has been now for over 2 years. We try to be consistent but also opportunistic depending upon where we see the shares as compared to our own estimated value of the company. And this quarter was aggressive, although not terribly more so than the first quarter. This will continue to be a part of our capital allocation approach and the pace will be dictated by the market as well as some of the other opportunities that we have before us. But we do have close to $2 billion still of excess cash on the balance sheet. And one of the best we think our valuation right now, one of the best homes for that capital is repurchasing our own shares. 
