Jim Murren: Well, thank you, Grant and thanks for being up so late or early depending on your perspective. We feel extraordinarily proud of last year’s results, but I guess the real motion is how optimistic we are about the future and I think we have some reason to be. We’re off to a very good start here in 2012, both in Las Vegas and in Macau. The tone of the business here this year is quite positive. Grant has done a tremendous job in Macau in general and specifically to expand our resort there, the MGM. And we are very excited about Cotai. We’re excited we have a company that has the ability to generate significant cash there to reinvest into Macau and at the same time return a great value to the shareholders. Both markets are growing, certainly Macau is, but now so is Las Vegas and I’m pleased to say that MGM is building its market share in those markets. Grant mentioned what we’re doing in Macau and here in Las Vegas in addition to what we did last year. We’ll keep this momentum going. Just over the New Year’s eve weekend, we opened up two major night clubs, One Oak over at Mirage and Hide here at Bellagio and they’re doing tremendously well from the P&L perspective and adding a lot of energy, driving a lot revenue to the properties. And early this month, we opened up Lilly, another lounge here at Bellagio and we have plans to open a Hakkasan, Hakkasan is going to spend a tremendous amount of money at the MGM to replace Studio 54 that’s been there for over 10 years. These major upgrades to the physical facilities have been matched by major upgrades to our rooms, so the room remodel program here has added tremendously to the ADR at Bellagio and we’re seeing great early returns on much higher ADR to MGM as we renovate those rooms as well. And we’re driving people here to Las Vegas by being very strategic and aggressive on our event calendar. We mentioned last year how strong the event calendar looked the MGM Grand Garden Arena and the Mandalay Event Center and I’m happy to say it’s even better this year. Just to mention a few coming up we have Floyd Mayweather fighting in May at the MGM and then Manny Pacquiao the next month in June. Madonna is coming back, she’s going to be here in October and we have several of these type of events throughout the year, which we know has a material impact on ADR and casino revenue. On the ADR side we mentioned this a few times last year, we said the first quarter would be the toughest comp because there was a big, big convention here last year and we have to overcome that but even still because of recent bookings we believe our RevPAR will be up in the first quarter, up a couple of percent to 3% but growing, in fact the second quarter looks particularly strong. We think our RevPAR is going to grow nicely throughout the year, even on top of the good growth that we had in 2011. This is based on the booking trends that we see. We’re seeing very strong pace throughout the year and our convention base is extremely solid and when you combine that to the growing FIT and leisure bookings, we’re seeing a broad based retail improvement in rooms revenue. Las Vegas has clearly regained its position as the place to be and looking at this year just alone, to give a sense of it, we had records or near records in almost every event that we’ve had already this year. The Super Bowl was tremendously effective for the town and for us or half the town in terms of revenue in the Super Bowl. Chinese New Year’s was outstanding. We just finished up President’s Weekend. It was up nicely versus last year and of course the March Madness coming in next month. So the combination of an improving market here in Las Vegas and certainly in Macau, strategic investments into our properties to make our properties ever more exciting, the addition of M Life which is driving casino play and overall spend to our properties and a very robust event calendar bodes very, very well for Las Vegas and more particularly MGM, bodes well for Macau and particularly MGM China. And with that I think I’ll turn it over to the operator and we can get to your questions.
Jim Murren: Well, we’ll look at the cash number in a second. The Resorts fee helped us in the fourth quarter by couple of percent but we’ve largely anniversaried all of that. So, RevPAR guidance going forward will not have any or very little impact on Resort fee.
Jim Murren: Yes, Harry, as it relates to the flow through, I think if you look the seasonality in the business, the fourth quarter flow through is never and never has been this great in the first quarter when you’re looking at the sequential improvement from that standpoint. 48% flow through in the quarter is one of the highest levels in any of our fourth quarters and even in fact higher than '06 levels. So when you look at the factors that go into that, one of the big key factors is our occupied room nights which are always lower in the fourth quarter than say the third quarter. And as you know that’s a big driver of some of the incidental or other revenues, food, beverage, entertainment, some of the high profit margin areas as well. So I think the fourth quarter is a great flow through in terms of comparison. I think the sequential piece is a little bit of an apple to an orange comparison, but the overall fourth quarter was pretty strong in terms of flow through, when you look at the seasonality aspects.
Jim Murren: Sure. I think that there are several options in front of Congress in terms of getting Internet poker passed at the federal level this year. Several pieces of legislation need to be passed and it could be associated with anyone of those on. It’s hard to say exactly when or if. I do believe it will be passed at the federal level, and I do believe it will be passed this year, but that’s my opinion and one that’s shared by a lot of people that are close to this. At a parallel though, as you know, states are fervently working on their own legislation and can do so and will do so if the federal government does not act. States can compact with one another, forming a intra-state network of internet poker and we would certainly be involved in that. We’re prepared. In fact our arrangement with Bwin.Party is designed to capitalize on Internet poker legalized in U.S. in either fashion, either statewide or federally. We actually prefer the federal option for any number of reasons, uniformity of regulation, taxation, strengthening of client prevention, but we can't speak for the federal government. It seems sometimes they can’t speak for themselves. So I think that it will happen at the federal level. It’s not easy, not because Internet poker is becoming a complicated issue. It’s becoming a more clear issue today. It’s because Washington has become more complicated. If it doesn’t happen at federal level, it will happen at the state level and either way it I think it happens this year in 2012 and I would have to say that we’ll be literally one of the first towards this out of the gate when it is approved.
Jim Murren: Well, the CEO doesn’t opine on politics like others. So I feel like I'm going to stick to the gaming industry that I am involved in but I do believe that there is broad based support in the Republican and Democratic side, in now both the Senate and in the House. I think that the House, from what I’ve been let to believe, really views this as a very critical law enforcement issue, very critical. They recognize that the DOJ’s interpretation of the Wire Act leaves open the opportunity for state-by-state gaming where they will not have an influence on the regulatory compliance. That deeply concerns many people in the House and I think that is the big change between 2012 and 2011 and I think that’s the change that gets it over the finish line.
Jim Murren: Let me just add to that Dan if I could. I’d focus on the cash flow because we know what our CapEx plans will be over the next several years and we believe that these capital expenditures will yield good ROIs. These are projects that are enhancing already existing buildings. There is no new build in here, there is not a lot of Greenfield construction. This is generating very healthy returns right away. Bellagio’s room remodel will be an easy example of that. So limited and known fixed CapEx with high returns, driving revenues in a variety of ways. The big driver of debt reduction will be on the cash flow side and that’s going to be growing in our opinion yearly. Dan mentioned Borgata. That’s certainly to not only the money we have trapped there, but our 50% interest and of course Macau, which Dan mentioned. I’d also throw CityCenter into that dialogue, CityCenter is a deleveraging enterprise and its goal is to return value to its shareholders, Infinity World and MGM Resorts and through the residential inventory that we own and through the rising cash flows we think that CityCenter will be deleveraging and be a source of cash to the partners. So a variety of levers that we have, what’s not on the list is our asset sales. That’s opportunistic and happens occasionally. We’ve done it before but it’s unlikely that we would sell any of our operating assets. We feel like they can generate a lot of money for us as the markets improve, and they’re certainly already starting to improve. So that was on the table a few years ago, it’s not now. On the second part of your question, I think it was on the leisure side, was it not, Corey? That’s a particularly bright story for us. I'm looking at something that happened last week. It’s the most retail bookings that we booked just last week for example, in the last five years. And the week before that, as I look at it was the third highest that we’ve had in the last five years. And in fact if you look at all the bookings this year, this schedules yes, this is correct, it was good. We are having new records of top 20 booking weeks in every single week. So this momentum, why we're so confident that 2012 is improving is the leisure bookings that are occurring right now for this year are new records and certainly kinds of numbers we haven’t seen in half a decade. And then of course on the international side, which is particularly important to us, I think for Las Vegas it’s about 18% of visitations. Is that right? So it's higher for us given the nature of our resorts and that traffic is improving and of course Mccarran Airport is expanding, international carriers are adding flights to Las Vegas and that really plays right to our strength. So I would say on the retail side, in general if you look at our FIT business, our international business, leisure picking up substantially, convention business, we'll have another very good year in 2012. That all conspires to have a very strong year on the room side.
Jim Murren: Well, it is. We started first in China. Shaun we started that company way back in 2007. It takes a while to do these things. I know that some of our competitors dipping their toe in the water right now, but they're years behind us. And just in that one enterprise alone, we have in China, about 12 different deals under various forms of development. Some of them take quite a while. So we’re already starting to make money in China now. The joint venture is, because we opened in Sanya over Chinese New Year's as an example. That hotel, the MGM Grand was getting over a $1,000 a night in ADR and that’s an hour flight by the way to Hong Kong and to Macau. So the cross marketing of having an MGM Grand in the Huawei of China touching our customers is very, very valuable. So I think that that company is growing and will grow in terms of cash flows, not only in China, but around the world. Remember also that in that line item we have Branco (ph) which is MGM China’s Branco (ph) and that steps up from, remember it was only half year last year, it was $15 million. This year it will be a $30 million number here in 2012. So Branco (ph) which is the company that has for a fee lent the name to MGM China goes in cash flow from $15 million last year to $30 million this year. That helps an awful lot. So a combination of these hotel management deals, development fees, Branco (ph) has had a big impact on improving the cash flows and I think it’s going to grow into quite a large company over the next several years. Dan, did you want to add something.
Jim Murren: Well, you’re right. We do have a vast portfolio in every price point and the core properties are doing particularly well, there is no doubt about that. But I wouldn’t ignore the luxury properties. I am not sure what the competitors are saying but we’re going to do well, we believe in RevPAR at the luxury properties. The room remodel program only finished at the end of last year at Bellagio, so we get a full year benefit of that. That’s going to have material impact on RevPAR at Bellagio. The MGM Grand remodel program improves that RevPAR throughout the year, that major remodel is done in September I think of this year. It started last September. And we’re seeing the convention business, and the events calendar so robust at Mandalay Bay, we saw Mandalay Bay did well in the fourth quarter. There is a tremendous amount of opportunity at Mandalay Bay and Mirage as well. So my guess is that you’ll see strong RevPAR throughout the portfolio. We certainly are able to drive great RevPAR growth at our core properties as the luxury portfolio in general in town, ours and our competitors improves and they fell the most. So there is an opportunity there. I think the combination of M Life, our events, the capital that we spent last year and spending this year and being pretty aggressive in the marketplace, we’ve added a lot of people on the convention sales side, the leisure sales side, yielding more affectively. All will combine to get very good and growing RevPAR this year.
Jim Murren: The revenue growth particularly on the convention side led this recovery, Joe. And the other aspects of our business are catching up. And so I think we’re going to have a good year on the convention side but if the early numbers here in 2012 are any indicator, gaming is coming back in Las Vegas. Our table play is improving nationally and internationally. Our slot business has been really very strong and that bodes well for the nationally oriented events like March Madness or the concerts fights that we have. I think that if you look at our portfolio, you’re going to see even without M Life adding to the mix, but certainly that would be additive, a more broad based recovery and a more broad based strength in our business, not just on the room side, but on the non-gaming revenue side and on the gaming side. And that’s the opportunity, which is a good way to end because why we’re so excited here is that we knew and I think we all collectively agreed that for Las Vegas to come back, the convention business had to lead the way. That has happened. We also knew that we needed to restore Las Vegas' visitations. We could hit a record, an all time record in visitation in Las Vegas this year. Then we knew that, well people have to start spending a little bit more money when they get here and I think you’ve heard from us in the last couple of calls is that RevCore, the total revenue per occupied room is starting to go higher and that certainly is the case here in 2012 and I think that all points to the fact that Las Vegas will have in general, not just ourselves, but the market will have a much better year in '12 because the recovery of revenue is more broad based than it was last year and everyone including ourselves are managing our costs. And so the flow through we talked about earlier should be felt strip wide. We certainly are going to try to maximize that here as a company. I think it’s going to grow throughout the year. So with that, of course we’re always around. Please give any of us a call if you have any follow up questions. I want to thank you all for joining us on the call and thank you for your support of the company, and thank you Grant for staying up so late.
Bobby Baldwin: And Bellagio was up (inaudible) whole percentage, but really Bellagio across all its rooms, food, beverage, entertainment segments, it’s really been improving all year along but their hold was up year-over-year as well.
Bobby Baldwin: For the year. Yes, I think for the year we have been higher. We’re up over a 50% for the overall year in 2011 and I think it’s a good way to kind of model the incremental flow through going forward.
Bobby Baldwin: And of course, Jim, there is no added first class room inventory on the horizon in Las Vegas for quite some time.
Corey Sanders: And I would add the international customer stays longer time and they spend money. So although they fall in that leisure bucket, they are very much like an FIT customer. So we’ve seen uplift in our slot play and our prime dining. Our ADR in that segment is up over 10%. So it’s been a great segment for us this year.
Corey Sanders: I think Mark, as Jim pointed out earlier, I mean obviously the first quarter has a tough comp. We see the second quarter improving and the back half of the year is also holding up well. There is still more work to do obviously this year. I think we were projecting for '12 kind of the same convention room mix as we kind of finished up 2011 with. And I think what it will come down to is in the year for the year bookings which in '11 were exceptionally strong and if we can come anywhere close to that, we think we can drive better rates in '12 than '11. '13 and '14 pace right now looks exceptionally strong, both in terms of rate and room nights booked and we still have more work to do there as well but we're gratified by what we see this early on and '13 and '14 looks very strong. And I think the same bodes for Aria as well there. Their convention bookings as Bobby mentioned, our goal coming into any given year is about having 80% of what we want in convention room nights contracted on the books and as Bobby mentioned earlier for 2012, Aria is already at a 100% of that goal in terms of contracted room nights in '12 and '13. It's getting even stronger every day.
Corey Sanders: No, I think the other positive side we’re seeing, as Jim said we are seeing multiple year bookings and we’re actually happy to turn away certain bookings because of space limitations, which we haven’t seen in a few years. So all in all it’s a positive story on the convention sides. And Aria being the only gold, lead gold, it's a good fit, I know Bobby wishes we had a couple of hundred thousand square feet more and we’re already sold out for Aria and that creates a lot of rate opportunity. We've obviously being driving right at Aria.
