Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be made available on our company website. This morning, we furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC, as well. And before turning over to Jim, I'd like to read the Safe Harbor disclosure. So on this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think, Joe, I'll start. And I think the key is the Las Vegas market, from a composition standpoint, is much different. Coming in to given year, we have roughly about 80% to 90% of our contracted room nights on the books and solid going into a given year. So we don't rely on as much in the year, for the year. That really helps us fill up the rest of that, call it 15% to 20% level of the room nights and allows us to kind of offset attrition throughout the year. So I think when you look at this market vis-à-vis some of the other hotel markets, they rely a lot more on in the year, for the year and in this market, it's less reliant on it. And I think that's probably the biggest factor.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. I mean, clearly, David, there's an opportunity as CityCenter has been ramping up its cash flows and its operation. Its -- net debt, it's kind of in the $1.5 billion range and its trailing 12-month EBITDA is just inside of $300 million in cash flows. So the clear profile of CityCenter is improving. The cost structure on the debt side today is pretty expensive, that first call date through January of 2014 on the notes, and that will be an undertaking that the partners will start looking at here in the back half of the year and early next year from a refi perspective.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And I think when you look at it, I mean, their performance year-over-year is up some 70% in terms of cash flow. When you look at the -- that flow-through, I mean that's about 80% in terms of flow-through when you look at the results. So I think it's pretty impressive by the Grand.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. Mirage was high single-digits last year, and they beat that by just barely going into double-digits this year. Bellagio was actually down year-over-year and the Grand was up a little bit. So despite the strong performance at Bellagio, their hold was still outside of what I would say would be in their normal range.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: It is a little back-half-of-the-year-loaded because you do have the ongoing projects at Monte Carlo and New York-New York that are in the back half of the year just getting started here in June and July, so those will pick up through the course of the year. And we aim to complete those early next year as those start coming online. And you do have the Delano room remodel project that will start late this year, probably looking at November, December time frame, and for completion by kind of April of next year. So there are some big-ticket items in the back half of the year that's throw off kind of the spending trend.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, the $2.6 billion includes preopening, but it does exclude the land concession and cap interest as that will get squirrely between corporate and the project itself going forward. Grant, do you recall what the total concession payments were? I don't have that in front of me.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Convention room nights as a percentage of mix, Robin, we're pacing right now for '13, about 14.5% to kind of 15% kind of is the range that we're pacing with [indiscernible] up over last year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And the other point I'd make, Grant, is that branding fee is actually up year-over-year, so that expense is up year-over-year, and that impacts the margin. But you should look at it pretty that branding fee.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And I would add, we've been able to manage our health cost, so where they're flat this year. We think we have ways to offset any of that cost increase. So we would expect a little to normal inflation in our health cost going forward. Thanks, Rich. And Jennifer, I think, with that, that will conclude today's call.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Bobby. For the second quarter, MGM China net revenues increased 18% to $835 million and generated an all-time record EBITDA around $205 million, and that was up 10% year-over-year. This number includes a branding fee of $15 million. Our strong results was driven by record performance in both the VIP and our main floor gaming table segments where our growth outpaced the market. The VIP turnover reached another property record with approximately 34% growth year-over-year and we continue to see success from the addition of our 2 second-floor VIP area and the introduction of a new operator in mid-April. Our overall VIP win for the quarter was approximately 2.9%, and that was versus 3.3% for the prior year. We also had a record main floor table games quarter. We're able to drive main floor table game volumes up 11% and revenue up 29% year-over-year with our continued focus on table yield management and strategically targeting the premium segment. Slot handle increased by 11% during the quarter and we remain the market leader for single property in terms of slot gross gaming revenues. During the second quarter, our total CapEx was $80 million. Our MGM total expenditures were approximately $78 million during the second quarter. We expect our full year totalized spend to be approximately $290 million. Our overall budget remains unchanged at $2.6 billion for MGM Cotai, excluding land and capitalized interest. And based on our progress to that, we are now anticipating an early 2016 opening. At MGM Macau, we expect to spend approximately $56 million in 2013. We believe our continuous upgrade of our product on offer is one of the keys to remain competitive in this market. And during the third quarter, both our high-limit slot room and our Las Vegas table games room will be temporarily off-line for refurbishment. And with that, I'd like to turn back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Grant R. Bowie: On the process it's going forward, we have a -- the government continues to test and we continue to test ourselves. And in reality, the process is, I guess, working itself through in terms of how the government perceives people's commitment to improving air quality. Obviously, we have invested significantly and we'll continue to do that to ensure that we provide the best environment that we possibly can. So it's an evolving process. I think all of these health and safety initiatives are an ongoing -- a progressive thing, and that's -- and we, obviously, just staying as close as we can and working with the government and with the other operators to try and make sure we have the best environment we can.
Grant R. Bowie: It's a little bit difficult for us to do that because we are such a strong performer in the premium side in terms of -- and the way we allocate the capacity. But from our perspective, it's pretty consistent across the breadth of the play through the categories. And as I say, we really don't really penetrate into the deep mass mass. We -- I think we've -- you and I have discussed together, we really are a mid- to upper-mass operator. So with what I see coming through to some of the other operators that are into that area, it seems to be pretty strong right across the mass segments.
Grant R. Bowie: I think it's fair to say in that first period, we had some exceptionally high performances at the very top end of the market, and a couple of those -- we've lost a couple of visits as a result of that. So I think that's something of an anomaly from the prior quarter and a strength to the prior quarter. But the strength of the price across the range now is actually very pleasing, but it's not just limited to the very top end, it's actually coming across the product range. And we've also been doing some refurbishments and that's meant -- we'd be moving some machines around, so we actually lost some capacity -- we lost some units off the floor for a little period of time as we are moving that through. So it's not really apples-for-apples in terms of absolute number of units and revenue per unit per day calculation either.
Grant R. Bowie: I guess I'm just telegraphing it, but frankly, I don't expect it to have an overall negative impact over the whole half because we -- obviously, with the refurbishment, we expect to see a pickup in the win rates coming out. So I think it may have some impact and we're just indicating that, but I don't think that it's going to have anything detrimental over the entire half. It might move some business between the third quarter to the fourth quarter.
Grant R. Bowie: Neither do I because, obviously, I came in over an extended 5-year period as well, so that's why we pulled those out because it's not all paid. We can get back to you on that.
Grant R. Bowie: The principal reason was actually the mix of revenues. This quarter, we had a lower hold particularly in our in-house play, so it's really just a revenue mix that's affected the margins.
James Joseph Murren: Thank you, Grant. Thanks for being up so late. Well, before we get to the questions, just a couple of final points. Clearly, we see here in Las Vegas a continuation of the recovery. Housing in general in the U.S. obviously is improving, so is the case here in Las Vegas. That's important to our business. We've talked about that before, but we see a great correlation between housing and our core business. Airline carriers are starting to add more seats to Las Vegas, it's really important to the entire market, important to us. Flight capacities are trending higher, and that means domestic and international carriers are adding planes. We've been working with the LVCVA to increase international visitation in particular. And as you know, the extreme growth in South America has benefited many U.S. cities, beginning to benefit Las Vegas. Copa Airlines are bringing in more flights from Brazil, as a matter of fact, through Panama City to Las Vegas, so that's a big deal for us. Las Vegas recovery, I think, will be felt more by us. Our market share is growing in this market, as we strategically add the capital to upgrade the rooms, add the F&B, add the entertainment. By the way, on the entertainment front, next month, we're going to have one of the biggest fights in the history of Las Vegas, the Mayweather-Canelo Alvarez fight. It's going to set all kinds of records in terms of at the gate, in closed circuit. And we're hosting many parties at our venues closed circuit. So up and down the Strip, quite a bit of activity in September. September ends with the I Heart Music Festival, that's another big event for the city and for ourselves, of course, at the MGM Grand. And for the first time, we're also going to have an outdoor concert in the Festival Grounds we just literally finished across from Luxor. I mention that because the way to drive more productivity in these buildings, we believe, is to continue to create excitement, relatively low cost ways. Festival Grounds don't cost a lot of money to build, but they generate a lot of traffic and, of course, a lot of traffic in the neighborhood, and we own most of the neighborhood. I think that you'll find as we move to the balance of this year and into next year, continued targeted capital, which we believe will continue to build our share of this market. Revenues is, obviously, growing for us, and we've been watching cost, as Dan mentioned, very aggressively. Margin expansion is the result. Free cash flow is growing, and we reduced the debt by almost $0.5 billion. And of course, our objective is clear: to drive cash flows, improve our balance sheet. We think that's the surest way to work for our owners. And so with that, we can turn over to the operator, please, for questions.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, Dan, I'll just add that the trade show component of Las Vegas has held up really well, I mean, in fact, it has grown. What Las Vegas got hurt by was the corporate business and the incentive business. That's still down dramatically from where it was in '07. And of course, that business is the highest margin business in the group sales side. And what's most encouraging about the number that Dan cited in terms of our bookings is that, 51%, Corey? 51% of what we booked lately is in the corporate and incentive side. So not only are the bookings improving, but the weakest part of the business, which is the highest margin part, we're starting to see significant growth. And I was thinking of a couple of groups, I can't mention the names, but the big conventions in the incentive side and corporate side that left us in '07, started doing virtual conferences, and now they've just booked multi-year deals with a lot of revenue. So I think it's not only the in the year, for the year, which is not as important to us, as Dan mentioned, but the composition of the rooms that we're booking now give us a lot more pricing flexibility going forward.
James Joseph Murren: Sure, I'll tackle that one. I saw that in the Wall Street Journal. We've gotten, over the year, I don't know, 3 or 4 different inquiries about selling Crystals as retail become hot again and cap rates have fallen. And so, we felt like we need to respond to that. And we have been doing some exploratory work on that. And all I could say is that the interest is high, but also the value of Crystals is high to us. And so, I can't say what's going to happen there specifically, but for the fact that cap rates are still pretty low, which means multiples for assets like that are dramatically higher than what we're getting credit for in the marketplace. We recognize that big valuation discrepancy and we're taking a look at that, but I can't tell you how that's going to go.
James Joseph Murren: I think we mentioned a few calls ago, we moved Anton Nikodemus over from Monte Carlo to head up Casino Marketing. He's put together quite a program, a great program with all our marketing folks, and we have found tremendous opportunities to be less wasteful in our -- some of our promotional activity. And so on the casino side, it's been really a function of being smarter on our promotional activity, being more targeted to our best customers, being more thoughtful in how we're marketing broadly, and M life is certainly helping quite a bit in that -- on that front. And I think on the non-gaming side, I'd have to point to room remodels, it's -- they don't sound sexy, but sure -- they sure generate a lot of cash flow, incremental. And when you upgrade rooms like we have done here at Bellagio and MGM and also some of this new food and beverage offerings, which are very high ROI projects, I think you're seeing a better mix of people in the rooms, which generates more gaming and non-gaming revenue, which improves margins. On the cost side, our FTEs are just flat year-over-year, continue to manage all of our costs and we've -- Rick Arpin and his team have done a great job on our financials shared services department and other ways of being more clever internally on how we manage this business more efficiently. And again, Dan or...
James Joseph Murren: And I guess, the only thing I'd add to that is so many of the challenges we had at the end of '09 and 2010, residential inventory that we could not sell, hotel condo that we couldn't sell as hotel condo, Crystals not being occupied well, Mandarin not having any sea legs underneath it, almost all of those challenges we've met and we've overcome. Residential story is now a positive one. Instead of having an anvil around our neck, which seem like we had for many years, it's an asset, not a liability. Crystals is doing better literally every month. The hotel condo, which is Vdara, is actually making a decent amount of money for us. And so both partners, I feel I could speak for our side, are very pleased with the progress of CityCenter. And that's all I would say about it at this point.
James Joseph Murren: Well, I think, it was up -- what was it up, 7%? I think there are a few things -- I think it was pretty good. But expect more because if you've been in it lately, obviously, Hakkasan has been a tremendous revenue generator. But there's going to be quite a bit more work done in that area. The space that used to occupy sleeping lions in the Lion Habitat is going to be redone into food and beverage venue. I don't think we've announced that yet, but that will be a big deal there. And that whole corner is going to be significantly upgraded as we open that up to the Strip. I think that's going to have a big impact on the Grand. And the other is -- in next year, in particular, citywide -- I don't think we talked to much about it, but the citywides are going to have a significant impact on properties like the Grand being more business in the city next year will benefit those big box properties like MGM.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. We did have some growth in the second quarter, it was minimal, but it was growth. I think that it's a combination of two things. One is as the luxuries are lifting off, but not only ourselves but our competitors, we're able to draft the core properties off to luxuries. And so you're seeing some of that occur, although I don't frankly think it's going to happen significantly until next year, and I'll get to that in a second. And the second is a few of the properties have had nice shots of excitement. Obviously, Monte Carlo is doing significantly better, it's got a new show, it's got some F&B; Luxor, the same thing, with a new show. And so some, I think some of the core properties have benefited from that. I really am not expecting a significant amount of growth. I shouldn't say this because the property president is probably listening in, but I'm not expecting too much growth out of the core this year. I do expect a significant increase in cash flows next year at those properties because what we're doing at New York-New York and Monte Carlo and because of the citywides, which will most benefit those properties.
James Joseph Murren: Well, slots side, definitely, M life is helped quite a bit. The international, it's still strong. I mean, I think our competitors saw that as well. We certainly did at our luxury properties. The domestic side was the weak part in '11 and '12. That's even getting a little bit better. So I would say, the higher end properties or the quality properties within different price points are seeing a little bit more than their fair share. I know our fair share is growing, but I think the market is lifting in general. And so I would expect that the other properties that don't break out specifically their cash flows like we do, probably also have seen that kind of -- they should've seen that kind of improvement. We're definitely seeing it. And I -- what's most gratifying, I think, because international business has been strong even during the recession, it was the only bright spot. What's most gratifying for us is continued growth in our slot business. That was an area where we felt, in self-reflection, we were weaker than we should have been and I don't think we were smart as we could have been on slot marketing, on loyalty marketing. That is definitely yielding higher revenues for us. And then we can't take credit for a U.S. recovery, but we can be a beneficiary of it. And we're seeing that in our domestic table play.
James Joseph Murren: It's about twice what it was. I mean, in the last few years, it never got over like 25%. That's by far the biggest incremental growth in our booking we've seen in the corporate side. And now, as I said, it's little over half of it.
James Joseph Murren: We'll take a look at that, Robin. Do you have that? I'm guessing it was an events-driven difference because I know we had a big fight in that quarter a year ago, but we're looking at that.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. And on the Internet side, we have a number of initiatives that are kind of on a parallel path. One is, of course, still federally, we haven't given up hope although it's becoming very challenging there. And on a state-by-state basis, Nevada is moving quite rapidly along. There's already one launched. I think Caesar's is going to be the next they're coming up soon. We've going to be following them, but we've really been focusing on the -- Nevada's ability to compact with other states to create more liquidity and we've been focusing on those other states as well. So we have a big team that is preparing ourselves on a state-by-state basis in the states that we believe would be the most productive for us. And we've been working with the State of Nevada on their efforts to compact with other states. So I think from our standpoint, the opportunity becomes interesting once Nevada has the ability to compact with another state. As a standalone opportunity, there's just not a lot of people that live in our state here. So the market size is relatively small compared to what we think it ultimately will be as more states come online.
James Joseph Murren: FTE, obviously, is full time equivalent, that's the hours worked, so there's no component of wages in that, it's just -- what our headcount is. And that's been basically flat for 3 years, and I expect it to remain that way. We might have some increase in FTE counts as in the banqueting area, in the convention area, particularly as we get into higher citywides in '14, but don't expect -- I don't expect that to grow demonstrably at all. As it [indiscernible] negotiations are going well as they typically have constructive [indiscernible] agreement on a going-forward basis and [indiscernible] on health care as well as it relates to the culinary. On non-union members, we do know that this is going to -- there'll be a cost to us. We haven't quantified internally exactly what it is. It's a few million dollars, it could be $5 million, but it's not more, it's in that kind of range, and it's just something we'll have to absorb. So our costs are pretty low in terms of their inflation growth. Managing our expenses outside of labor is also a big factor here, which we didn't get into, but we're finding great efficiencies in procurement in consolidations, and we've been able to mitigate some wage growth by cost savings in other expense areas. And that's why we believe that, in general, any revenue growth that we get should flow to the bottom line because our costs are pretty flat.
Corey I. Sanders: Harry, it's Corey. With regards to the third party operators, we have been able to move some of it. We're focused on it with, not only our M life, but our myVegas game has actually been able to convert some people into the FIT channels. That channel has grown and will continue to grow because a lot of the international customers are booking through Expedia and booking.com. So our goal is how we maximize that channel and how we put it into our mix and yield our rooms up the best we can. We will constantly have strategies to try to shift that channel as much as we can but, right now, it's at excellent pace, it's a good block for us to be able to yield our rates upwards. From a comparison of customers and the value of those customers, the lines have blurred from an FIT and leisure customer over the years. I would say the FIT customer does have a little bit more value, but we're seeing that value come to a little bit closer to the leisure customer.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. And not only that, the survey information from the LVCVA will back that up also. They'll come a few extra nights, probably a little bit less in the casino and more on the entertainment and food and beverage venues that they're spending, but they're probably worth about 15% to 20% more than the domestic leisure customers.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes, I could take it. The Hyatt and Southwest partnerships, what they allow us to do is take some of that base that may have been even their leisure or going to our competitors and fill them into our FIT channels. And those additional rooms just allow us to yield up our rooms a lot higher. The Hyatt partnership is a perfect partnership for us because their convention business model is very conducive for our business here. So I think that we're seeing some benefit there especially in our luxury properties, it fits nicely there. The Southwest partnership, to be able to get the points, you have to become an M life member. So it allows us to convert some -- and improve our database for M life with these customers that are loyal, not only to Southwest, but they'll become loyal to us. So we've seen some very good lift from both of those partnerships. And in times, especially when it's competitive in the summer, it only helps us gain market share, especially in the core properties on the Southwest side.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. We've lost about 30% of our corporate room nights from peak and we're seeing that beginning to recover.
Corey I. Sanders: But if you look at -- without ARIA, we actually had more win on the international side in table games play. And for the year, year-to-date, we have had record international win. But ARIA had a little bit of a challenge for the quarter, partially because they held really well last year, and they had some pretty strong play. But I would say the play is still there, maybe 1 or 2 customers that may came in last year, I think -- and this year for the quarter. But the solid base is still there, we're seeing a good volume of people coming in, and I think we're pretty happy with the international number.
Corey I. Sanders: At this point in time, Kevin, we haven't seen any impact. The planners in Detroit from a convention and meeting standpoint are not forecasting any impact at this point to the future business. So right now, in Detroit, other than what we talked about from the competitive nature, it's business as usual in Detroit.
Corey I. Sanders: I'll take the relicensing in New Jersey. From that standpoint, Kevin, that process is underway. We made and continue to make the applications and the follow-ups, so which usually about a 9- to 12-month process from that standpoint. Obviously, the folks in New Jersey are busy on their Internet gaming and licensing requirements there, so there's a bandwidth issue, I'm sure back there with everything they're trying to get accomplished on a parallel path. But our relicensing process is underway and we're moving forward on that front.
