Dan D'Arrigo: Well, thank you Nicole and good morning everyone and welcome to the MGM Resorts International, fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Federal Securities Laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in the press release, which is also available on our website. Please also note that our supplemental earnings deck is posted to our website. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren. 
Dan D'Arrigo: What I would add Joe is obviously the hole in the first quarter by CON/AGG, it was the biggest hall. There is some city wide shrinkage a little bit in the third quarter that we hope to get some corporate business, but other than that it looks pretty good on the convention side.
Dan D'Arrigo: Yeah, I think the $500 million to $600 million Joe is a good place holder as you look out multiple years. We are a little bit higher in ’18. Part of that is timing and some of the bigger, chunkier kind of CapEx pieces that are come to the finish line in ’18, so we are a little bit higher there in ’18, but we’re a little on the low end of the range in ’17.  So I think the $500 million to $600 million on a long terms basis is still the right level. ’18 will just be a little bit higher due to some timing and some of the completion of as Jim mentioned, The Park, MGM, the Convention Center at MGM and so there is a few chunky things that just happen to fall into ’18.
Dan D'Arrigo: Sure Steve, this is Dan. So at it relates to kind of prior peak levels in terms of our Strip EBITDA margin, they were roughly around 33% here in Las Vegas. So I think when you kind of look at the trajectory, we’ve been on the guidance we’ve been given, we continue to kind of be on that path to achieve those levels over the next year or so and get back there.  I think the, if there is upside to that, it’s going to come really from out stretched kind of top line growth. We still think there is good side upside to the economy, we are still growing but that’s really been kind of low single digit growth. I that turns out the upside and out phases our expectation them you know there could be some upside to that margin. But based on what we are seeing right now, what we are doing in terms of cost containment and the programs that continue today from PGP, etcetera, we think 50 to a 100 basis points year kind of guidance puts is on the trajectory to be back at those peak levels within the next 24 months.  So we finished up around just north of 31% last year. It’s probably a little bit higher than we expected. So we feel like we are a little ahead of the plan thus far, but continue to be on that pace.  As far as the puts and takes on Analyst Day, that’s gone back almost kind of two years now. The biggest one is probably in just the timing around COTAI. I think that model if I remember correctly had kind of COTAI opening in kind of March, April of 2017. So that’s probably the biggest in terms of the change that model would be the timing around COTAI and obviously now the growth of that market that was not kind of laid out in that model when we put it together back in ’16. 
Dan D'Arrigo: And probably, now that we know the tax reform is obviously another one that will positively impact our free cash show in ’18 and ’19 and beyond from that standpoint as well. 
Dan D'Arrigo: No, we are not anticipating any material or significant changes from that level. I think when you look at 2017, I think in total we had, about $180 million of cash taxes in total. We’ll still have some state taxes in 2018 of roughly plus or minus call it around $20 million of State taxes in 2018 but pretty minimal in terms of federal taxes in ’18. 
Dan D'Arrigo: Chad, those are really the three drivers when you look at it. Obviously it’s the comparison to CON/AGG last year. It is the disruption at Monte Carlo and I think the whole of last year and the first quarter was north of 25%. So those are the three factors that are our guidance of that down 250 basis points year-over-year, so you are thinking about it correctly. 
Corey Sanders: On the lower months, so this usually happens within the year or during the year and so we have some leads for that period right now that we are pretty optimistic about. On the pricing, we have on the books from a definite perspective. We are seeing low to mid single digit growth.
Corey Sanders: What I would add is, if you look at the Borgata play there is a huge correlation between what happens in Macau and what happens in Vegas and the fact that Macau’s backup again I think you are seeing a lot of strength here also. 
Corey Sanders: I mean as Monte Carlo continues to kind of change obviously from you know a core classification that we’ve historically had at that property. As that has been predominantly a drag in ’17, that should become more a positive throughout ’18 for us, so that would help the core propitiates from that perspective.  Keep in mind in the first quarter the biggest impact of CON/AGG, when you think about luxury versus core, it is more on the core side than the luxury, because they just don’t have the ability to back to convention business and really are just rate takers during those big city wide events. So the properties that don’t have a lot of convention space are the ones that will feel it during that week in March. So luxury still looks strong throughout the year based on convention.  I’d say as we kind of classify our core properties separately, they still have growth that are probably more affected by the first quarter and Monte Carlo will kind of help that group of properties throughout the year drive a better RevPAR story.
Corey Sanders: Thomas, from a percentage increase the cores will also have the benefit of the resort fee increase this year which will help the percentage increase and core a little bit more. 
Corey Sanders: So, it’s right around 19% is where we finished up, which was where our target was for ’17. ’18 is shaping up to be very similar to that 19% as well. From a mix standpoint that does not include ARIA, so they are looking at a slight increase in their mix at ARIA for 2018 with their new convention space. The MGM Grand expansion comes on in early ’19. So those start to see that benefit more in ’19 than in ’18. 
Jim Murren: Well, The Mansion will be totally unique. I don’t think that specific product actually exists yet. There is some beautiful other suites in other properties, but I think the whole private, personal night here of what The Mansion created in Las Vegas being injected into Macau, I think is extremely unique and that’s all part of this dream and we’ll bring that on later in the year.  Critically for us first is we want to get moving on the junket, so they might come on a little earlier than the – and then once the junkets are in, then The Mansion will bring out the rest of the – will be the last piece of the puzzle for us to lock in. So I think its unique. I think it’s an amazing environment and I think it just picks up from what’s already been achieved and the market knows what to expect because there are so many customers out here who have various semantics of Vegas.
Jim Murren: Yeah, the other part of it, I think you’re looking for what – how it hit us in the quarter and going forward on the EBITDA especially.
Jim Murren: That’s correct. I think you know if you look at prior to kind of putting shovels on the ground and I think the property was doing, you know call it circuit kind of $70 million, $80 million of cash flow, so that’s off of that pace. So your thinking about it correctly Shaun.
Jim Murren: I am looking at my off-the-cuff remarks and I don’t see anything between those lines about M&A. But no, honestly we are not focused on M&A at MGM Resorts. We’re focused on M&A at MGM Growth Properties and James will speak to that on his call, but I think that what I would say about the strategy, we like where we are. We see rapidly growing free cash generation in this company over the next several years. We have articulated what we want to do with that cash to our board and to our investment community and we’re going to stay the course. Clearly we’re part of a dynamic industry and so we will always keep our feelers out there and figure out what’s going on in our industry, but we certainly like our positioning as a market leader in every market that we operate with exception to Macau and now that we have COTAI, we’re going to pick up a bunch of share there we believe and I wouldn’t read anything into a deviation of our articulated strategy.
Jim Murren: Yeah, and I would just say that the promotional activity as now here we are in February is same towards last year. 
Jim Murren: And in terms of margins, the one point I’d make out – I’d bring up right now is, depending on your raise on inflation, inflation has obviously impacts to the industry both negatively in terms of labor, but also positively and in terms of pricing power. So to extent that we can improve our revenues through pricing power in a slightly inflationary environment versus our expenses, we should input to see margin improvement that we did not see prior to 2007.  So I would – since the dawn of time, which I define as 1984 when I joint Wall Street, you know hotel companies and casino hotel companies typically do well from a margin perspective in inflationary environments because the ability to change prices instantly against the backdrop of expenses is a favorable dynamics for companies like ours.  It certainly, we see as the case here as we continue to increase pricing in a verity of channels, whether it be in room rates or fees. Our restaurant prices we believe that we have some room lent to grow in all those and that should more than offset the inflationary impact of labor and other expenses. 
Jim Murren: Well, maybe I’ll start that and anyone jump in. That was at the party that I was at Sunday night. The high end is very healthy right now and the Borgata business is very strong. We hosted our major event for the event for the Year of the Dog at ARIA on Sunday night. We had 2900 people in our ballroom and we had had over 900 people on our waiting list to be able to go that event. The tone of event, the tone of business in town is better than we’ve seen in a number of years. And we are feeling very encouraged by the level of traffic that we are seeing in town at our properties and our competitors properties.  We also had an extraordinary successful two day concert at MGM Grant. A performer that’s knows around the world and sold out and highly recognizable to that customer. So the tone in the town I’m sure is robust for everybody. It certainly has been for us here at MGM Resorts, at ARIA, Bellagio and MGM where we cater to that type of play and that’s encouraging going into this year, particularly because we have some events slated for the year that draw high end customers and you know a big fight does that, a major concert does that and we have a couple of both. So I would say that is encouraging for us.  Our market share in town is growing and I think that the fact that the COTAI is open is going to help that as well. We are getting incremental cost country play; people coming back and forth, sampling COTAI as Greg could speak to, they haven’t been to the property in a while and they are coming here. So Corey, you want to add to that.
Jim Murren: And I think the one point I’d add to Corey is that what we are also seeing is more domestic players as a percentage of the Borgata mix than we ever had before which is encouraging both form the other standpoint of the mix of play and also the strength that we are seeing here domestically in our customer. So there is more domestic play as a percentage of the overall Borgata mix than we’ve ever seen before.
Jim Murren: I think it’s early to tell. It’s certainly a positive in terms of what we might see, its early to tell through, and where we would pick up business would not only be here, but I would think a property like Detroit, National Harbor, those will be properties that you know should see incremental benefit to this. So I think it’s early but encouraging. 
Jim Murren: And I would add a couple of things just to think about for this is, one is a big fight and a big consort in the second quarter that would benefit the properties around, where that’s been held. It’s been held in both cases at T-Mobile. We have the summer league coming in, obviously this would be the second year of really of MGM being the sponsor of the NBA Summer League, it would be bigger than ever. That’s going to have a big impact on visitation at a time where we typically struggle, that’s going to help. I think our team will be in the payoffs I think. 
Jim Murren: Right, that’s a good point Corey, I mean the some of the core properties are actually, we are lagging in the market to see whose portfolio had the higher resort fees, which is a great change since they started the resort fees not long ago, but welcome to the party. It certainly benefits looking at what our competitors are doing the market place and its helping overall pricing. 
Jim Murren: Well, thank you Robin. We had the honor or hosting the Chief Executive and most of the cabinet at our opening at MGM COTAI on the 13th and I could say that we’re very proud of the event and I think that the feedback that we have consistently received from the government, leading up to the event has been very favorable in terms of what they think of the property and all the pre-tours and certainly that night.  We have not had discussions about the concession renewal with the government. We have taken the view that if we continue to deliver on what we expect is the expectations of operators like ourselves, that we will be treated fairly and I was very confident of that. I think that sometime later this year or next year there will be a discussion around the concession renewal process or as the government says, the rebid of concession. But they have not reached out to us to discuss that and we have not reached out to them.
Dan D’Arrigo: Shaun, this is Dan. On the IRR front we are looking at the investment, it’s just a little bit over $500 million for the conversion and transformation to Park MGM and NoMad on the capital side. It’s about $525 million in total. The return on that we expect to be mid-teens, cash-on-cash return as we ramp that property up. It will be completed as we said in the release by the end of this year, so the last components come on in the fourth quarter, that being the NoMad and the completion by the end of the year. The front entry and the eatery and some more food and beverage entertainment product will be online by the end of the year.  We would expect the brand campaign to be launched and running in the back half of this year, 2018 and so you know I almost look at this again to a new property opening, because the property will be so different and unique and a new brand will be cushioning that brand campaign throughout ’18 and into ’19 and I expect ’19 to be a ramp up period with kind of ’20 being achieving kind of that full kind of cash-on-cash return that we’re looking for.
Dan D’Arrigo: Yeah, I think when you look at the quarter, fourth quarter in terms of its impact, about two-thirds of the decline was a result of the construction disruption. Obviously we’ve been bringing things back online, but there is still a lot going on, a lot of disruption there. So that was about two-thirds in the fourth quarter.  There is still going to be a level of disruption in Q1. We’re estimating that to be about $9 million, $10 million in terms of the EBITDA impact from a construction stand point. So there is still again some disruption throughout ’18 and there’s a lot still going on, a lot coming online. We’ll give you move color as we get through the year, but about $9 million, $10 million in the first quarter is related to that disruption.
Dan D’Arrigo: Yeah, I think when you look at it obviously, given the incident of October 1, we really had to kind of go off script of what we were doing throughout the first nine months of the year. The team did as Jim mentioned earlier, a great job in executing and I would say there is a huge amount of recovery already within Mandalay that has taken place.  But there is still some residual impact at Mandalay as you recall roughly about 80% of the cancelation volume that we saw in the fourth quarter was directly impacting the fourth quarter, but there was some impacting the early part of this year. So I think as time continues to progress here, that Mandalay continues to recovery and continue to get back to its normal self. But there is still a little bit of an impact in the early part of this year. 
Dan D’Arrigo: Yeah, I think it’s pretty similar Felicia. The only hole you have is the CONEXPO hole that companies are probably maybe trying to fill, but the way we are yielding variances back to where we were before. Mandalay Bay’s impacted us a little bit more, because we also were a little slower on turning back the marketing on that property for a few more weeks. So it will have some impact in the first quarter, minor in the rest of the quarters, but everything else feels like it’s pretty much back to normal. 
Dan D’Arrigo: And I’d add a couple of things to it Dan. One on the puts and takes on the model. We underestimated the impact of Monte Carlo. So certainly, that we are below where we through we would be in terms of cash flow there. But every other Strip property is at or above what we are looking for.  With Bellagio hitting an all time record as an example, our regional properties are sport on, in terms of what we had projects and so I think the put and take is the opening of COTAI, that was the big difference. 
Dan D’Arrigo: No. We do this as a windfall unexpected pickup for the company, but our leverage targets remain the same and so the ability to have additional cash available will be allocated to the areas that I talked about in terms of return on capital to shareholders and if we find good ROI growth opportunities, but we view that as part of the overall fee cash flow story. 
Dan D’Arrigo: Yes, I would think that January, you know Chinese New Year surrounding the Super Bowl last year and into the end of January and beginning of February. The separation of the two events actually helped up and allowed us to fill our villas and mansions, both times with domestic customers for Super Bowl and the Asian customers for Chinese New Year. So that was also positive for us. 
Dan D’Arrigo: You know, I mean I think the high end is going to do well, our luxury properties in general and if they do then that drives the core properties as well. But do you have any more specifically? Yeah, I’m just looking at numbers two and I mean Easter falls, a little bit of Easter noise here but...
Dan D’Arrigo: The Vegas Golden Knights. The impact, that’s started the season at a 200:1 odds of getting into the Stanley Cup is now 9/2, and a playoff series at T-Mobile would obviously have a big impact on New York, New York and Park MGM in the neighborhood. And then we get into the fourth quarter where we again are going to have some events. So I think it would be fairly broad based, but clearly where we have the most pricing power typically are in our luxury properties and Bellagio and ARIA, they set the tone and our properties are able to draft off of our luxury properties and I think that will help this year. 
