William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. And just some open comments before we talk questions. I'm reminded about the resiliency of this market and our company and our employees. Candidly, this quarter we went to hell and back with what we all went through with cyber attack. And I'm proud of what we've accomplished, put ourselves back on track.  But more importantly, I think, as an indicator of this market, fundamentals have changed. We've gone from a month ago in distress to getting ready for the biggest event, on one of the second worst weekends this city has ever seen in its ongoing history of occupancy to the biggest event we've ever seen with Formula 1. And so fundamentally, this marketplace has changed. Macau continues to do exceptionally well. Very proud of that team.  You've seen the market share that it has gained and it will keep. And given that we ultimately have about 3% of the suite product, I think we're kicking on all cylinders there and doing the right things, and we're going to look to correct that. If I think about the future, I think about development in Japan in the long haul, hopefully, New York in the midterm, and next year, I think about the ability to unleash 180 million Bonvoy members in Marriott, I get very excited. And then ultimately, the balance sheet. I think we've been very good fiduciaries. I think the company, Jonathan of note, has done a great job managing it. And we find ourselves in a great position to think about the future and things to do and invest in.  And with that, operator, I will open this up for questions. So thank you. 
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Joe. I appreciate the question, because if someone wasn't going to ask it, I was going to answer it anyways. We sold over 10,000 tickets to F1. We've sold out a really cool experience with the Bellagio Fountain Club. I think something extremely unique anywhere in the whole sport, but particularly given its location. Our average rate is over $900 for the company. We're going to do over $60 million in incremental hotel revenue for the weekend. And it is 50% above, 50% above any other event we've had in terms of theoretical win.   Now we all know what could happen to theoretical, knock on wood. But there's been nothing quite like it, and to have it placed in the weekend that it is, we think, going to be an incredible opportunity for the company and ultimately for the city long term. It has not been without its challenges. Believe me, I'm a local, I get the traffic. I understand it. I understand what our employees are going through. But I think long term, it's going to be a big winner. We will figure it all out. There's been a great deal of money invested, not only by the properties but ultimately by Liberty and F1. And I think it's going to be an exciting week. We'll look back on and say, yes, we're going to learn some things, but ultimately something to be cherished for a long time here. 
William Hornbuckle: Look, and you know how this works, Carlo, better than most. We have a short window in terms of FIT, but we do know events. And so when I think about the Super Bowl, I think about Formula 1 coming back, I think about the fact that we have an NFL team in town that's going to guarantee us at least 8 games, et cetera, it is fundamentally a foundation for business going forward that we haven't had. And back to Corey's further -- or prior question around convention, it continues to grow. We continue to get back to the market mix that we were, about 18%, 19% of our base in convention, which is obviously the premium rate.   And so we're excited by all of that. We, through COVID, learned a lot. I think you know this, but generally our casino market share is up, our market mix about 10%. And so we can lean into that, we continue to lean into that heavily. And I do believe Marriott at scale will make a difference. And so while early to tell, the pressures that are on us, whether they be wage or for insurance or other premiums are real, but I feel every bit of confidence that we can overcome that, particularly here in Las Vegas, and push forward with the kind of results I hope you all expect. 
William Hornbuckle: Well, I'll take the second one first and turn it over to either Jonathan or Corey on the broader one, although I don't want to give because we won or because we lost. But having said that, look, we have more domestic baccarat business than we've ever had. There are 3 now prop bets, basically, in every baccarat game that people are taking advantage of because they're fun and exciting. But no surprise out there, they're to the house advantage. A couple of the bets are 10% bets on behalf of the house. And so a little shift in play, definite shift in market in terms of international versus domestic. I think some of that balances itself out. And the other thing we've seen is there's a quantum of very, very high-end customers who really swing this number more than I've seen historically, versus a balance of customers all the way through mid-tier and all the way up to the very high end. And so I think you're seeing some of that volatility as well, obviously, this quarter in our favor. 
William Hornbuckle: Dan, let me kick it off. As it relates to the -- obviously, we've done a whole lot to lock down systems now. But we're going to look at architecture and how we're designed and how we go forward. And so we're probably looking at some time into next year a $30 million or $40 million capitalization in terms of IT hardware and Cap that goes into it. In terms of OpEx, while there are things to do, I don't know that they're overly meaningful. A lot of that will get captured by CapEx, but -- is that $20 million? $10 million to $20 million range in terms of operating. The capital we'll find in the general fund, we generally go around $800 million a year to keep this place fresh, and we've got a couple of big remodels next year. So that's not expected to change that greatly. Obviously, the wage increase that is being talked about now with the culinary, ultimately, I think you all know we're in strike in Detroit, which is a similar program and similar request, I might add, in terms of the percentage, will be in play. Insurance will be in play. Those are probably the 2 biggest things in terms of a percentage. But even the insurance, cyber and otherwise, while it has continued to go up -- and this is a staggering thing for you to understand -- since '19, regional insurance -- Las Vegas insurance has gone up twofold, and since '19, it's gone up fourfold since in our regional casinos.   So it's something we watch closely. But the overall number and the scale of what we're talking about is still pretty de minimis, and we think we can overcome it, particularly here in Las Vegas. 
William Hornbuckle: Yes. I mean, look, we think so. Obviously, we've got boots on the ground. I think you all understand our former CEO is now chair of the gaming commission there, which is very real. And so they've taken a swag at it. You all know what Wynn is doing. We like Dubai for all the obvious reasons. There's 20-odd million visitors, they've got 140,000 hotel rooms. That sounds familiar. The current structure we have is hospitality management only. To the extent we actually get into casino, it's obviously we're not a management company for a casino. We will look to invest equity, or we will lease the casino. We just don't know. It depends on what a partner and potentially our existing partner wants to do, but know that we literally have somebody on the ground today in discussion. And so it's very front and center with us. It's something we'd like to participate in. We think it could be very meaningful for the company and, frankly, the industry, and so we're there at scale. 
William Hornbuckle: Programming. And I think obviously 2022, particularly third quarter, was an all-time quarter. And so just as an equal comparative, you've got to keep that in perspective. 
William Hornbuckle: Well, look, if you're referencing Entain, which I think you are, our position has not changed. If we think about iGaming and the platform, obviously we've gotten aggressive in U.K. and we're excited by what that opportunity brings. Obviously, it's a highly developed market, but we've taken some share. We've got a meaningful brand, and it's good to see our LeoVegas team go up against I think some of the best and see how they can do. We look to take that to other places. We're looking at Brazil closely. We're looking at other European countries closely. We -- obviously, with the advent -- or the purchase of Push Gaming, we're in the content business now, both for ourselves, hopefully for BetMGM, and for other customers that they had when we acquired them. And so we'll continue to look to expand internationally. Gary Fritz is leading that effort, mostly through our LeoVegas enterprise, and we'll see where it all goes. 
William Hornbuckle: Okay. Thanks, Robin. And look, I'd love them to invest more than us, but that's not the way it's going to work. So yes, we'll invest side -- purposely side by side. We believe in that business, we recognize, particularly as it relates to sports, that our product over the last 18 months wasn't where it needed to be. And you've seen us do a great deal of work around single account, single wallet. Entain bought Angstrom, which we think will be a very -- not will be, is, and becoming a very good push for us with parlay product for odds, the quantum of odds that we set, the amount that we can put out there. And so we're excited by that acquisition and what that's brought to the business.  Ultimately, we will get Entain in Nevada, we believe in the first quarter, which will then make single wallet available and therefore, omnichannel throughout our network, principally here with our decisive advantage of Las Vegas, as a single wallet account. We think that will be meaningful. And we will then see, once product is understood, more clearly how much to invest. But when you talk about a quantum of dollars and you think about the overall scheme of what's been accomplished, it won't be large. It's not like where we've been. But if somebody said you need to invest another $50 million to make sure your long-term value is there, I'm shooting for end of '25 as a goal. Where are we going to be? Has this thing really begun to do the kinds of things I think we all think and expect and hope it to do. And so we'll continue to invest accordingly and appropriately and purposefully with these guys because we believe -- look, we're still #3. We're still #1, although I noted DraftKings this month. But year in and year out, we've been #1 in iGaming. And so we've got a very big position we want to protect and we'll continue to do so. 
William Hornbuckle: Yes, I'll kick it off, but Corey -- it's interesting, where we've seen a great deal of international single visitation on F1, Super Bowl, maybe not to your surprise, is about corporate America. And so it is showing up in multiples, in terms of multiple groups taking -- Corey, if you'd take -- just a great deal of inventory. 
William Hornbuckle: Barry, I think the discussion will ultimately come down to the regionals, not necessarily top line but bottom line in margin. And just keeping those things going strong. obviously, we'll wait and see what happens in Detroit here, but we'll come out of that like we always do. And then it will be about regional margins, I think, in bottom line more than top line, at least as -- anything we can see suggests that. 
William Hornbuckle: No. I think it's '24, because I think the booking cycle for Las Vegas, even with this group, because we've seen it obviously mirrored at the Cosmopolitan is pretty much in line with everything else. They go a little earlier because they want to make sure they can use their points, et cetera. But there's a clear window over the next couple of months. So once we launch it, we think it ramps fairly quickly. And I think by the third and fourth quarter of next year, this time next year, we ought to be -- have a real good feel for what it's going to provide. The group activity that will be part of it is a little different discussion and will take more time given the obvious nature and cycle of that business. And remember, I think the first year, we're looking for $50 million to $75 million in incremental.  And there's nothing to believe, even despite the delay, candidly, there's nothing to believe we won't recognize or realize that. 
William Hornbuckle: Well, yes, they do line up, so I can't change that. It's one of the few years that they do. So what I think you'll see, we've seen increasing international bacc play as year has gone on, and I think we'll see it, hopefully, and believe it will continue into 2024. I think we're going to see a lot of folks at a football game who don't necessarily know football very well, but are inviting guests or want to see a spectacle. And so yes, there's some overlap to it. But we feel pretty positive. It's just frankly too early to tell. Most of those customers other than a holiday period, which I guess this is, but they react fairly quickly at the last minute and say I'm coming. And so we'll know about 60 days, 45 days out, really more what the activity case will look like. 
William Hornbuckle: So update, I literally was with their team and their owner yesterday. They are excited to be coming. The vote is, I think, on the 16th for the owners. And obviously, they have to get through that. They won their court case this week, which was important. There was a petition here in Nevada to slow them down. And so -- and they actually showed me the design, which was spectacular, I might add. So we're all excited by that. Look, I think you'll see us, particularly, I've mentioned this briefly, rethink about the MGM of note. It's our legacy brand. It's on the corner of Tropicana Las Vegas Boulevard. It's 30 years old and it needs some attention, particularly at the front end of that intersection. And so I think you'll see us invest there.  I think you'll see us invest in the way people move around that corner and make it in concert and synergistic with the design I saw yesterday. We've already connected our architect with theirs to kind of talk about all of that. And to the extent we really see this thing going up in the air, and I think we will, I think over time, if Las Vegas continues to do the kinds of things it's been doing, we'd be foolish not to. 
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, operator. I made my comments earlier. Again, I just want to call out to our staff here for getting us through this cyber attack. I appreciate everyone's patience with us. I appreciate your trust in us, and ultimately, anyone coming next week, let's go racing, because I want to have some fun for once, I'm tired of this. Thank you all. 
Corey Sanders: Yes, Joe, this is Corey. We also think it is a big deal. The convention space will be fully renovated by the second quarter of next year. We expect to pick up about 100,000 extra rooms there next year with still opportunities to increase it. And the beauty of that is that's at a high single-digit ADR increase compared to where we are today. So I think, all in all, strategically, as that building goes, it fills the South Strip, which fills Excalibur and Luxor, which is to the benefit of us as a company. 
Corey Sanders: Joe, what I would add is this is truly a luxury event, and our properties are completely geared up for that. They're in the right location, we have the right database to make this a premium event for our company. 
Corey Sanders: Yes. If you look at the large -- the groups that have booked for programs for F1, we're actually about double in Super Bowl. So we're seeing some really strong demand there. It's driving ADR. We're pretty optimistic about what Super Bowl will bring for us from a casino and leisure side. 
Corey Sanders: No, we're not really seeing any -- we continue to book at the elevated ADRs, the regional trips and rated days customer values seem to be where they've been in the past. 
Corey Sanders: And for that holiday, it does expand for a little bit over a week. So we will separate the party from the Super Bowl to make sure that we maximize both opportunities. 
Jonathan Halkyard: And as it relates, Carlo, to the financial impact of these swings, we've at least domestically tried to get out of the business of giving the puts and takes related to hold. We did, as you noted in my prepared remarks, around Macau, but in the domestic business, we're not going to get into that detail. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Shaun, it's Jonathan. We agree. We think, both in the Las Vegas market and in the regional markets when adjusting for the impact of the cyber incident, whether you look at it year-over-year or sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter, that our margins were flat to up in those comparisons. The impact in Las Vegas on margins was about 200 basis points. There was some impact from the accrual in the third quarter that I mentioned related to anticipated increases in labor costs. So when correcting for those, the margin, I thought the margin performance year-over-year and sequentially was pretty good. The regions, the margin impact from the cybersecurity incident was less severe, it's less than 100 basis points, for a number of reasons. But even with that modest adjustment, you can see that our margins in the low 30s compared pretty well both sequentially and year-over-year despite some continued labor cost increases in the regions and actually some more labor content in that business. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. It's Jonathan. And I appreciate the question. It's something we think about a great deal. Right now on a lease-adjusted basis, suggesting the lease payments by a multiple of 8x, our leverage is about 3.5x. It's a full turn below what we've talked about as our leverage cap. So a full turn on EBITDAR for us is over $4 billion. We have zero net debt right now. We've been aggressive repurchasers of shares. I will say that at these levels of trading in our shares and the value that we think is in there, we would certainly consider taking on some additional financial leverage in order to enable further share repurchases. Now we have to be mindful, of course, of some of the investments that we have coming up in '24, including in Japan, potentially in New York, depending upon timing. But we feel very comfortable with the leverage levels that we are at and going to that higher level. And one more reason is just because of, we think, the increased diversification of our cash flows and the resiliency of the revenues that we've seen here. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. We've made -- and our Board has made the determination that at least for the time being, and I think probably into 2024, that returning cash to our shareholders through share repurchases is going to be the predominant method of doing that. And that's the best way for us to do it right now as opposed to the dividends. So I don't expect to see our dividend policy changing in the next -- certainly in the next 12 months. But the Board will ultimately [ decide ]. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Not in particular, only just differences year-over-year that occur. Sometimes it's in gaming results, sometimes it's in other cost elements, but other than the things that we called out, nothing in particular that we would... 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, setting -- it's Jonathan. Thanks, John. Setting labor cost aside for a moment, and even insurance, which is -- in a way, it's more pronounced in a couple of our regional properties than it is in our Las Vegas businesses, we expect inflation in our -- some of our core inputs to be low single digits. And -- but at the same time, Corey and his team have dozens of initiatives against our cost structure so that we can minimize the impact on that overall and maintain margins in our Las Vegas businesses in the range that they've been for the past several quarters. So the thing is in Las Vegas, we have quite a few levers that we can use to offset the impact of that. So again, setting the labor aside, we're confident that we can hold the line on those other costs. 
