Sarah Rogers: Good morning, and welcome to MGM Resorts International's fourth quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at mgmresorts.com. A replay of the call will be available on our website. We furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Sarah Rogers: Well, I have REVPAR -- sorry, maybe you can hear me better now. So I mean in terms of the percentage of room nights, we don't have that handy. But I can tell you that we're able to achieve a similar convention mix this year, and that's lapping the strong first quarter because of CON/AGG.
Sarah Rogers: It's Sarah. So our M life loyalty program, we saw market share gains in slots for the year, both at our Strip properties and at the regions. We had a record number of enrollments, that was up 9% year-over-year, and active M life members also grew up 8% year-over-year.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Dan, and good morning. So 2014 produced a number of records for MGM China. EBITDA grew by 5% to $850 million, and margins increased 140 basis points. These results were achieved despite the many challenges confronting us in Macau, requiring us to constantly adapt and respond to the rapidly changing business environment. We're certainly not immune to the challenges in the Macau market, but I do believe we have a robust and responsive strategies that will allow us to create opportunities for future growth. For the fourth quarter, MGM China reported net revenue and EBITDA down 22% year-on-year, while the overall market was actually down 25%. Our EBITDA margin, though, was up 10 basis points year-over-year to 25.8%, thanks to growth in the main floor business and cost controls. MGM China, in fact, is the only Macau concessionaire that recorded growth in the main floor business during the fourth quarter. Our main floor table games revenue increased by 19% year-over-year, while the overall market was, in fact, down 9%. Our outperformance in the segment, which has been our strength for a number of quarters, is a result of our relentless execution of strategy and our focus on our customer experiences and operating performance. Given the current market trends, which have seen revenue migration from the VIP to the mass segment, we have reallocated capacity such that now over half of our tables are now allocated to the main floor, the result of this being that the mass business contributed approximately 75% of our profit in the fourth quarter. This compares to approximately 60% in 2013. VIP table games revenue decreased by 39% year-over-year. This was due to the market being down 32%, and for us, lower hold, which was 2.6% versus 2.8% in the prior period. We are committed to being a high-quality operator, and continuously upgrading the hospitality and gaming experiences for our customers is essential. To remain competitive, we need to -- we plan to invest approximately $100 million, as Dan indicated, in capital this coming year. Our future capital projects for MGM Macau include: a redesigned main floor layout to improve traffic flow and operating efficiencies; as well, we'll be introducing a range of non-gaming products in the form of over 15 new retail outlets; and reconceptualize food and beverage offerings to add capacity and diversity. MGM Cotai construction continues to pick up pace, as Jim has mentioned, and the project is on schedule to open in the fall of 2016. Construction of the hotel towers has now reached the 16th floor, and the progress is moving quickly. The first sections of curtain wall have been installed for quality and acceptance, and full-scale fixing of the curtain wall will commence next month. We are keen to get our property open, as MGM China has the greatest potential to grow in the market with the addition of our second property. MGM Cotai will nearly quadruple our room base and triple our gross floor area, which will allow us to expand our product offering into the retail and entertainment. These will all create opportunities for earnings and margin improvement. While we're gearing up in Cotai, we're also loading teams around our second property while developing the skill set of our local team. At MGM, we firmly believe that it is important to groom and nurture the local talent. Currently, more than 80% of our management team at MGM Macau are local employees, and we are looking to grow this percentage as we grow our business. We have always been committed to grow the business with our local team members. And in fact, over the past 12 months, we have internally promoted over 700 of our local team members. And with that, I'd like to turn back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Grant R. Bowie: Okay. So clearly, we are going to maintain the annual commitment, the annual bonus -- the annual dividend. The bigger issue obviously is going to be the go-forward special dividend, and obviously, that will be mapped out against our cash requirements. We're still looking very positively at being able to generate significant cash, and I'm sure that all of our shareholders would see us being able to distribute back. But that will obviously need to be determined on a cash by cash basis. So we continue to reaffirm the commitment to our existing policy, with the board addressing opportunities for special dividends as they see it as appropriate.
Grant R. Bowie: Sure. So Chris, we're working through the process. We're looking at hopefully getting the work commenced in probably the third quarter. And as you correctly note, what we're doing is making sure that we protect ourselves in terms of any revenue loss. So what we wanted to do first is put in all the incremental gaming that doesn't actually take away from anything we've got. So that's really the focus is to maximize that and then minimize any significant impact. At this point in time, we're actually pretty confident that we should be able to keep all the productive capacity that we currently have available. And then once we have obviously completed it, we'll be adding more capacity into the floor.
Grant R. Bowie: So in terms of, obviously, just maximizing opportunities, we will just keep moving product into the mass market to the extent that we see that as being incremental and as long as we can create more floor space to actually achieve that. At this point in time, as I think everyone is seeing, the jacket market is soft, and we don't see any significant opportunities for that to change. So I think the focus is clearly moving that into the mass environment.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Grant. Our largest market, of course, Las Vegas, is showing solid signs of growth. Visitation was up 4% last year to a new record of over 41 million visitors. The LVCVA has the goal of reaching 45 million visitors over the next few years and growing our international mix of those visitors from about 20% now to 30%. We think these objectives are achievable. We do not expect any new capacity in the market in the near future, and airlift is scheduled to be up about 3% for the first quarter. Obviously, the U.S. consumer is feeling better. Unemployment is at its lowest level in 5 years, consumer confidence is at new highs, house prices are recovering and of course, energy costs have been cut dramatically. Remember that 70% of our Las Vegas revenues are non-gaming. Consumers are spending more, and this really helps, particularly our core properties. And I can tell you that for MGM, 2015 is off to a very strong start in Las Vegas. For example, in January, the Consumer Electronics Show had record attendance. And during that conference, the MGM portfolio had 2 of its best hotel revenue days of all time, and we continue to build off of our strong base of convention room nights. The next month, in February, the Super Bowl drew the second-largest crowd in the city's history for that event. And later this week, we kick off Chinese New Year's, which is, of course, always a major holiday for people that travel to Las Vegas from around the world, and of course, for Macau as well. MGM continues to invest where we see opportunity. We're really excited about the venues we have opening this year. Rock in Rio will debut in May. There may even be a certain fight that month in May, Bill. Our convention center expansion will open this year. That will have a profound impact on Mandalay Bay next year. The arena, it is hard to understate the impact of the neighborhood of that 20,000-seat arena. And of course, we own the neighborhood on that side of the Strip. And that opens next year, next spring. And beyond Las Vegas, we're really excited about the targeted developments we have underway, including, obviously, MGM Cotai, MGM National Harbor and MGM Springfield. And so with that, operator, we have plenty of time for questions, and I'd like to turn it over to you.
James Joseph Murren: Okay, Joe, let me tackle that. January, we had a very strong Baccarat month. Our volume was up -- well, it was up double digits in January. In fact, overall table games were up high single digits in the month of January. And so I'd say we're off to a good start there. That said, just so you kind of understand the frame of the issue, because China is obviously topical, we've looked at this. Here in Las Vegas, our cash flow exposure to Chinese Baccarat play is in the low single digits. Less than 5% of our EBITDA comes from China here in Las Vegas in terms of Baccarat. It's important, and as I said, it was up nicely overall in January. But I just wanted to frame the quantum of that for you. And I think the second half, the question goes to Grant.
James Joseph Murren: $300,000 for dinner at Prime. That's a pretty good check. You would have liked the wine, Harry. And we haven't seen that in a long time. So I'm not saying that's a trend. But to get the kind of cash flow numbers the luxury properties got up and down the Strip, you're going to have to see that type of abundant spending. We don't see that. We're not predicting that, but we do predict that we'll be able to continue to grow REVPAR in our luxuries, we do predict that they'll benefit from the convention business and that they'll get back a lot of the cash flow they lost from that peak. So if I were to model out over the next few years, I think we're lifting off operationally on the core properties. We held up pretty well in the luxuries. I think we'll grow there, but I think the delta will be better in core.
James Joseph Murren: I was just saying, correct me if I'm wrong, Dan, but if you look at the average of the flow-through in the fourth quarter of this past year and the one in the year before, it's about 50%, 48%, 50%. And the flow-through over the last couple of years, if you looked at the average of last 2 years, it's been about 50%.
James Joseph Murren: So it's -- there'll be ups and downs, but 50% is still a pretty good benchmark. It just -- and if you look at the core properties, obviously, they did better.
James Joseph Murren: And now 60% of our future bookings are corporates. And clearly, that's a positive sign for the market and for us from a revenue perspective for that group business.
James Joseph Murren: So that's kind of good depth. So our convention mix in the first quarter this year will be about 23%. That's what it was last year, with CON/AGG, so you could get a sense that things are -- we've been able to work around CON/AGG not being here.
James Joseph Murren: Well, on the core properties, I think that we're taking the view that these properties that we own on the core side can all do better than they are right now. And the first start was with New York-New York and Monte Carlo because they're center Strip, and we felt that there was a lot we could do to have an immediate impact. And we are seeing that impact. You look at the traffic counts going into Monte Carlo today versus where they were before we started this, it's significant. We're up 20%, 30% in terms of traffic counts of people walking into Monte Carlo this January versus last January as a result of what we did there. We're seeing high slot handles at Monte Carlo. We see really good room revenue at Monte Carlo in January. So that has to be largely due to what we had done in front of that building. In the same kind of story, you could see it in New York-New York. Shake Shack isn't the only success there. We've seen big volume increases at Nine Fine Irishmen and our other venues as well. So our strategy will be to take a look at these properties and find ways where we could deploy some capital with an outsized return, with the idea that more people go to those kind of properties than any other kind in Las Vegas. The mid-market properties are the bread and butter of Las Vegas. It's not the part that a lot of people talk about a lot about because it's not Baccarat, it's not the big shows, but it's where you can make the most money over time. So we're looking at Excalibur and further improvements to Monte Carlo, in Luxor, but not in dramatic, major capital type of projects, but in ways that we can improve those core properties. And I think that the non-gaming side is going to help us a lot. This arena is going to help that part of the Strip an awful lot. It will be programmed over 120 nights a year, and that's going to draw a lot of traffic up and down that part of the boardwalk area. In terms of other capital projects we're looking at, they're not big ones. They're room remodels that make sense. I guess we're doing Monte Carlo -- I mean, Mandalay Bay now, right, Sarah? We're really encouraged that when we do these room remodels more intelligently, meaning we don't spend quite as much and we get more impact for that, we do get a revenue impact and an EBITDA impact right away. So the strategy is to put capital into these properties to make them more relevant, to capture more than our fair share of market. And if you've done some of the analysis, you know that we have an outsized share of market in slots and in any metric relative to their competitive set. We think we can increase the gap there and be able to integrate those core properties better within our luxury properties through our loyalty programs.
James Joseph Murren: And I think your next part were some of the other kind of corporate strategies, for example, like REITs that Penn pursued last year and Pinnacle looks like it's pursuing right now. We are -- we look at everything. I think that those who have followed us a lot know that we're an active corporate finance organization here. We've bought properties, we've sold properties, we've done just about everything that we can -- that's been done out there. The concept of converting gaming assets to REITs is not a new one. It was very actively discussed before the recession. In fact, a couple of companies pursued that and then canceled those plans. And more recently, the dialogue is there again. We look at this all the time. We're pitched by every bank that is out there in terms of whether or not we should do that. And there's some merit to it. We believe that our assets are undervalued around the portfolio of our assets. And so we should -- we believe that as we're working for the shareholders, we should explore every opportunity as they come across our desk. And so I'd have to say, there's nothing definitive. There's nothing to report, but we do look at these type of corporate transactions. We do know there's great value in cross-marketing in the gaming industry. And one would know -- you just have to look at the fourth quarter, or if we could show you the January numbers in Detroit, which is great, we're doing great in Detroit in January and down in Mississippi. And the amount of business we get between our regional properties and our core properties here in Las Vegas is growing rapidly. So we do know that there's value in a portfolio of properties. Whether we have to own them all is the question that you're asking. We don't have the answers to that at this point in time. But I have to tell you that we're shareholder-oriented. We look at this stuff all the time. We are going to continue to look at it. I see some challenges around it from a tax perspective, but that doesn't mean that can't be overcome. And so we're going to continue to explore them.
James Joseph Murren: And he will -- so he will fight. And so we're working as hard as anyone that cares about boxing on that very event. And I could just say that we're working very hard, and we're all hopeful. I have to say that also, the events this year are going to -- they're going to be really fun for Las Vegas in general. And what we're up to on our festival lot across from Luxor, what we're up to at Rock in Rio, what Caesars' is doing behind on the LINQ, there are some new events this year that are going to drive incremental traffic from some people that don't typically come to Las Vegas, which I think, over time, is really good. I'm struggling with what's going to happen out here from a capacity perspective, frankly. We have heard for many quarters that Genting was going to break ground, and they have not. And I remember saying last quarter, we hope they do. And we do hope that because we do believe they'll drive some incremental business. Steve Wynn very famously said many years ago the worst neighbor is a vacant lot, and we ascribe to that theory. So we hope that they build. There's no evidence that we see out here being active in the market in terms of engaging consultants, architects, urban planners that, that is going to happen anytime soon. But we hope that, that does. And of course, James Packer and Andrew Pascal are working on a project. I haven't gotten an update from them on that. My guess is here we are in '15 already, that nothing opens until beyond 2018. And it could even be later than that. And it's not necessarily a certainty that a new property opens at all. And so I can tell you, we're not going to build a new property, and I doubt Caesars is going to building a new property. And I don't think Boyd is going to go onto the Strip, and I don't think Steve Wynn or Sheldon Adelson will build properties. So I think the capacity is fairly well defined over the next 5 to 10 years. I really think that. And meanwhile, I think the LVCVA numbers of driving to 45 million tourists is a reasonable expectation. And I don't think we can fully understand or appreciate what the expansion to the Las Vegas Convention Center will do for visitation. I think that would be an interesting analysis to do. When they expanded the convention center in the past, in years past, we saw a quantum change in convention attendance. The -- Rossi Ralenkotter, who runs the convention center, has a list of conventions that he could get if he had that expansion, and it's a big list that would generate hundreds of millions of dollars of incremental revenue to the city. So I'm just looking at the landscape broadly with a fairly limited amount of supply, if any at all, with some ambient growth in the consumer confidence and activity driving traffic here, the unexpected benefit of much lower gas prices, which you really see if they stay anywhere near this level during the summer, you're going to see traffic to Las Vegas we haven't seen in 10 years. The fact that the airlines are healthy -- Southwest is in our local paper today talking about growing more flights into Las Vegas. You know Southwest is the largest carrier into Las Vegas and our largest partner. And the fact that these kind of non-gaming events, festivals, music festivals, concerts, drive a lot of traffic here and they spend money. That's why we're feeling very good about this year and next year. You've been reading a little bit about potentially a hockey team coming to Las Vegas. Can you imagine what would happen to Las Vegas if a professional sports team was here? And so far so good. The potential owner is trying to get to 10,000 season tickets. In about a couple of days, he got 5,000 seats, and he's a couple of thousand seats over that right now. So he is well on his way of demonstrating to the NHL that there's a strong fan support here in Las Vegas. We're going to be, I'm sure, we're going to be a regional site for March Madness once we get the arena up and running. We do the Pac-12 basketball tournament already at the MGM, and it's a big hit. So if you think about over the next few years, sports is going to be a big component to the growth of the city, and we, of course, are going to be the leading player in that. And these concerts and festivals are going to be another major growth. We are the major player there. And the convention business is going to be a major part of the growth, and Las Vegas Sands and MGM are the biggest there. And so that's why we're feeling good about the future over the next few years.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, The Mirage got pummeled by hold in the fourth quarter. It was -- I don't think it could have done worse from a hold perspective, but we are putting money into that iconic property. One of the things we're doing in there, and you've noticed, is that it really -- what Mirage struggles from is the fact that it doesn't have enough to keep people there throughout the night. And so we're adding -- we're putting in a center bar and a lounge, and we've changed out some of the restaurants. We have a couple more ideas in that regard. It's got so many great elements to it. It's got probably arguably the best villa product in the city still for those who like the garden villas, and many of our customers, particularly the ones that value their privacy, love those villas. It's got 2 theaters, it's got a decent amount of convention space, it's got a great location and so -- and of course, a great brand name. And it is the sports hub for all of our properties. So that -- the Mirage sports book generates more volume than anyone else out here because it's -- we hub all of our sports activity through The Mirage. But yes, it has been rumored to be on the sale block for many, many years, really since 2000. My point on that would be we're not in charge of owning all these properties. These properties are owned by the shareholders, all of them are. And we look at anything that will generate value for shareholders. And we're not blindly in love with any of our properties. So I don't -- I can't say for sure that there'll be a sale on the Strip. But I will say this, is that we believe that if we continue to strategically invest in all these properties, their cash flows are going to go up. And sales are based on multiples and levels of cash flow. We sold Treasure Island to Phil Ruffin, who's a great man, and he is very happy with that purchase. We sold it for $755 million. And I think he's happy that he bought it, and it's doing better now. When he bought it, the cash flows promptly plummeted because he bought it in the middle of the recession. But through hard work of his, he's brought back those cash flows to a level that, I'm not sure what they are now, but they're probably at or even exceeding where they were when we sold it to him. So my point is that our job is to drive as much cash flow into these properties as possible. To do that, we need to invest in them. If we get offers on any of our properties, we're obligated by our shareholders to look at them, and we will. And we have to look at it from a pretax basis. We have to look at it from an after-tax basis. We have to look at it relative to its strategic value. We have to look at it relative to how it fits in with the portfolio as it relates to market niche. And so I always am a believer of culling a portfolio. We've sold properties as recently as last year, and we'll continue -- small ones, but we sold them as recently as last year. So we'll look at that. The good news is that in an improving market with interest rates very low and interest in Las Vegas assets increasing, by both private equity firms like Blackstone with Cosmopolitan and by strategics, and the fact that we own 42,000 hotel rooms here in Las Vegas, 10 resorts, we have, I'm sure, the beneficiary of everyone's thinking as it relates to real estate. And that's good news for our shareholders.
James Joseph Murren: 25th, yes. So we're having another kind of whiteboard session on what we should do there. Secondly, yes, there's an -- there are multiple opportunities of recapitalizing CityCenter. It's under-leveraged. It has cash on the balance sheet. It's got a couple of significant assets. And so Dan and his team are looking with our partners at Dubai, looking at a variety of ways that we could return value to owners, whether that be through sale of some parts of CityCenter or through dividends or through a recapitalization, we're looking at all that. And that really is going to usher in a new era for CityCenter. I think this is Phase 3. Phase 1 was struggling to get it open, Phase 2 was struggling to make it successful and profitable and cleaning up clouds of litigation and construction. And now we're in Phase 3 of an enterprise that's making a considerable amount of money, but has the capacity to make a lot more money, given its size and its quality. And how to maximize on that growing cash flow for the owners is the phase that we're in right now. Okay. I think, Sarah, you said that was the last comment. So thank you all very much for joining us. And I have to apologize in advance that it's 55 degrees here in Las Vegas. As I'm looking at my son in Connecticut at 19 and my other son in Baltimore at 16, and I'm sure New York is no better than that and everywhere else. So...
James Joseph Murren: But we're going to 80 today. So for those that haven't booked their flights for the weekend, it's better here than there. Enjoy yourselves, and we're always around for questions. Thank you.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure, Harry, this is Dan. I think when you look at the fourth quarter, clearly, we had a pretty tough comp in the prior year's fourth quarter, given some accruals and some different things that benefited the fourth quarter in '13. So on a year-over-year basis, that kind of held us back. I think when you kind of look at our overall margin improvement, we are improving margins. We're going to continue to be focused on improving margins. And I think as you kind of look at the opportunities as we go forward in terms of cost structure and driving top line, we're in a good position as we look into 2015 and beyond. And really, when you look at the last couple of years and how we've been able to improve margin in '13 and '14, we've been able to really kind of drive roughly about a 50% flow-through overall in the business. And as we said before, it's really a longer-term view than either a monthly or a quarter-by-quarter view. And we're pretty proud of that accomplishment over the past couple of years. We're going to keep our head down and stay focused on driving margin improvement in 2015 and beyond.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, when you look at the bookings, obviously, I did mention that, that we got about 90% of our 2015 goal contracted on the books, and that's pacing at roughly about a mid-single digit increase year-over-year. And I think as we kind of fill in some of the shoulder periods and weaker periods on the convention side within the year -- for the year, our goal is to continue to kind of drive that rate.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: It still would've been a record year-over-year when you look at it overall from a historical standpoint. Remember, our prior peak period was in the low 16% mix. So we still would've been above that level, excluding CON/AGG in '14.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Shaun, this is Dan. As far as cash taxes, we will pay some taxes. It's pretty minimal this year in terms of our overall cash taxes. It's probably less than $50 million in the year as far as our cash taxes this year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Carlo, it's Dan. I think you're spot-on as we look at 2015. Clearly, March will be a tough comp, given the impact CON/AGG had from a year-over-year standpoint. And as we've mentioned previously, it's our goal, and we think we can do it, to grow each quarter on a year-over-year basis. And first quarter, given that tougher comp, will probably be the trough quarter out of all 4.
