William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. We believe we've accomplished a great deal year-to-date. I'm optimistic about our path forward. What we are doing is working. Our existing operations continue to grow as evidenced by another record quarter in Las Vegas, with a positive outlook thinking about October and beyond. Our balance sheet is in a position of strength as we have more than 6 billion in domestic liquidity with almost no net debt. But MGM is firing on all cylinders demonstrating tremendous growth and remains on track to achieve profitability during 2023. We also expect further global digital growth with LeoVegas, MGM, China and Macau markets are showing some productive signals. And we believe we're well positioned in respect to licensing renewals. Also, New York and Japan represent future development growth opportunities for our company. I would again like to thank our employees for the continued hard work and commitment to our company. And with that, we'll open this up for questions operator.
William Hornbuckle: Sure. Let me kick it off and I'll probably turn it over to both of my colleagues here. So we're targeting, as I mentioned in my comments, 19% market mix. A couple of things. We've been as high as 2021. We've got about 100,000 room nights off-line. We're doing a Mandalay Bay complete remodel, which is undertaken and underway, and it's been highly well received. We were able to preview it recently through IMAX. We've taken 100,000 room nights off of weekends. Given the strength with weekends, we're very positive on our ability to drive higher-rated business, particularly through leisure and casino ultimately. ADRs in the mid-single digits. And then Corey, if you want to talk, I think, a little bit the percentage.
William Hornbuckle: Yes, yes. So hopefully, we hear something -- obviously, we get this RFA request. They have a 90-day window to issue it, which means by January 1. There's some debate over if they can issue all three licenses at once or if they will issue all three at once or they'll go independent of that. But we're hoping for '23 in terms of being awarded a license. If you factor in the licensing fee and the initial expansion, we're looking at about a $2 billion to $2.2 billion investment, which given -- let's just say, it takes till the end of ’23, so probably the spend on that is going to be between ’24 and ‘25.
William Hornbuckle: And Shaun, maybe final, just some color. It was kind of interesting to me last night. Elton John was here on a Tuesday night, he put 50,000 plus in Allegiant Stadium the south end of the strip is absolutely benefiting. We thought Allegiant could do like 40 events. I think it's going to do that in more. And if you think about the nature of people saying, that's like 100 days a year that people have visitation to Las Vegas driving a huge activity case, particularly at the south end of the strip which is obviously core to that neighborhood. And so we're pretty excited by it. We think it underlines a foundation that just puts us at a different place than we've ever been historically. So that's one of the reasons I think we've seen this ADR growth has been amazingly substantiated throughout the company. This particular month in October, Excalibur Luxer had great months.
William Hornbuckle: It's actually Bill, David. I'll take part of that. Look, it continues. The idea of omnichannel is still very strong. First and foremost, MGM Rewards has just surpassed 40 million folks in our database. We get about 40 -- the key driver to that has been BetMGM. And so we are just supplying close to 40% of our new customer base. The inverse of that is we're supplying BetMGM with about 15% of its customers. And then we've seen -- and I know you've heard some other industry numbers on folks that have come in omnichannel spend. We've seen that number double in the last year between what happened in the third quarter of 2021 versus the third quarter of 2022 in terms of activity. So there's nothing to indicate we're not extremely positive by that that opportunity in the channel that brings us and the overall nature of it. And interestingly, we're excited to continue to project that into LeoVegas and some of the things we want to do internationally over time. And so overall, it's working exceptionally well.
William Hornbuckle: Well, to be clear, within the United States and North America of note, Canada and Ontario province to be specific, that is the domain of BetMGM. And so that -- all of that activity case would remain with that JV and that partnership. LeoVegas was an opportunity to open up rest of the world. And so while relatively small, its scale to some, it's probably going to be about $50 million in cash flow. We love the team. We love the operating environment it has, the system it has. It's got a full slate of iGaming opportunities. Sweden is the benchmark, about 35% of its business comes from there. But we've got a sports betting product. So it's got all of the tools. We look to add on to it with live dealer. We're looking at a studio increment that could be added on to this thing. And so we see it as a cornerstone to grow rest of world. If we think about places like Brazil, which is that activity and talking more and more about sports betting and hopefully and potentially, casino gaming. We just see that as a leading opportunity for us and a vehicle to do that.
William Hornbuckle: Look, Chad, I wouldn't go so far as to change our projections and our prediction that by this time next year, we should be in a profitable scenario. So I want to stay on point on that. The new markets we've indicated we're opening up. We think we have real opportunity there. We're doing some very interesting 1 and the only kinds of things in the iGaming marketplace where we have integrated jackpots at our omnichannel that will stretch across our casinos as well as the digital channels. And so we've got two or three products coming out that are going to be exclusive, and we're excited by. And I think you all know iGaming is the lion's share of the NGR in this whole universe, actually. And so -- but no, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We continue to invest in the business. We want to see it grow. We like the positioning we have, both from iGaming in particular and ultimately in sports betting. And so it will take some investments. Point on California is well taken. But we're not going to get our head on sales right now.
William Hornbuckle: I'll let Hubert chime in here in a moment. I would say this because obviously, we all got the message of zero tolerance, and it was demonstrated this week in Shanghai and ultimately at our own Cotai property and Hubert can speak to that. Also, at the other side of the coin is they've opened up every province. All 31 provinces now are accessible to do eVisa which is convenient and timely. And so we're encouraged by the signal and really what it means for Macau. Macau is obviously an SAR, but it is obviously considered part of broader China in every way shape performance. So the support, I think it's trying to give it. By doing that, I think, is meaningful to us. And hopefully, over time, can get us to a different place. I'm not going to project when that time is. It's just been, as we all know, so many curves in this road. But I don't know me, Hubert, if you want to talk any more sentiment and particularly, maybe talk about where you are with the lockdown.
William Hornbuckle: Look, I think we've said it in our general comments, Robin, although again, October for some of our legacy properties was a bit surprising in the context of affirmative part of it was probably due to the programming I mentioned earlier. But generally speaking, our ability to yield up is tied to luxury. It's tied to average rates at places like Aria, Casapalca and Bellagio. It's tied to fine dining, it's tied to the entertainment experiences that may be a Bruno Mars or something of that ilk. And so we just have not seen a slowdown in that fact to the contrary. And so it doesn't mean -- we're not -- eyes wide open on what may happen here. But to date and through October, the phenom of what's happened in Las Vegas, particularly for our higher-end properties continues, and we're pretty excited by all of that.
William Hornbuckle: So Barry, this is Bill. The answer is yes. We go into different markets, we try different things. Some of them are access deals. You need a partner and a sponsor to help you get state, et cetera. and get ultimately licensed and in some cases, even get legislation through in terms of motivating the cost from the get-go. Some of them have been very profitable, some of them are not as. The team knows exactly the CPA cost per market, and it allocates certain percentages to what those sponsorships may feel like. But there's clearly an opportunity going forward. Those deals range anywhere from a single year up to 5. It just depends on market and depends on who and what they are. But yes, I think as we get all smarter about this, we all build a customer base that begins to plateau at a reasonable level, you'll see everyone get including us, most notable more efficient at that.
William Hornbuckle: Look, we have several different opportunities, whether it's around our existing partnership with Hyatt and expanding it. We just actually did something with BetMGM with Carnival that we'd like to bring into MGM Rewards over time as well. And so there are -- we obviously have a deal with Marriott at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. And so we'll continue to push on that. And obviously, we have something now to trade at 44 million members that are active. There's a real opportunity to go back and forth on that. As we've opened up, remember, the whole essence behind MGM Rewards versus MLive as we've opened up for rewarding all spend, not just gaming spend. And so it's introduced a different set of customers to us. It's introduced a higher-end retail customer. I think that gets expanded by things like F1 and some other things that are coming to town. And so we've got a whole team structured and focused on doing exactly that. And we'll begin -- we're going to hit our first full year here coming up. We'll begin to give you some metrics here going forward about where we've been and where we're at. But some of the initial indicators are pretty very firm of actually. So the general thinking.
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your attendance and, obviously, your interest. Just some highlight comments again. But we feel obviously very strong and excited by our business here in Las Vegas. You continue to see the strength in the growth Again, we think there's been a couple of fundamental changes both in the context of the customer mix, the opportunity and the desire to want to come to a place like Las Vegas and our position with the asset changes of Mirage for Cosmopolitan and some of the other things we do. We just really like where we are in Las Vegas. Macau, despite all of its trials and tribulations, in the month of October, did $450 million of GGR. So annualize that and think about that marketplace and its potential long term. We have a great deal of safe in Macau long term. And I think we're really well positioned to get relicensed and are confident that we'll do so by year-end. You heard obviously the success in BetMGM. It's absolutely tracking in the right direction. And we're equally, if not more excited, ultimately for MGM Resorts for LeoVegas, and our push into rest of world with that vehicle leading the way. I think most relevant is Jonathan's point about our balance sheet. The liquidity is amazing. It gives us two things. If we should go into a more significant downturn obviously, we've got the resources to sustain and ultimately enough resources to also be opportunistic. And so the opportunity that balance sheet presents for us, we think, is very compelling and very exciting as we think about the next couple of years. We are keenly focused on margins. I can assure you. We are at a place -- we said they would come back to where they are. We want to do more work, and we will continue to do -- they will not go backwards from this point. You have a commitment on that. And I think there's some room for enhancement in a couple of places, Las Vegas and potentially a couple of regional properties despite the one-off opportunities and things that hit us. The rent is compelling. The 2% to 3% versus open -- the cost of what's going on right now in the marketplace. And ultimately, our growth pipeline with New York and Japan around the Horizon -- we love that -- both of those opportunities for obvious reasons. And so I think we're well positioned in both of those places to take advantage of that as well. And then ultimately, to the colleagues at the table and all of our team I couldn't be happier with the crew and how it's performing. So thank you all, and appreciate you joining us today. Have a great night.
Corey Sanders: Yes, yes. We usually are about 80% on the books right now. I think we feel pretty good on where we are. In addition to that, we also are looking at where we place convention. So in the past, we had a lot of convention room nights on weekends. So we strategically think we could do better cash flow by not placing some of that business on weeknights. So you'll probably see our mix come down a little because of that also.
Corey Sanders: Jonathan I agree. I mean we got our casino room nights about where we want them, making sure that we have the most profitable customers on the weekend there. The goal would be as this group business comes back to shift it really at the package business, our lowest rated business.
Corey Sanders: And Shaun, what I would add on the casino side, every weekend here is just a major weekend with events between Allegiant, the 3 major showrooms here, the arenas that demand, we don't really see slowing down. And probably the piece is still missing, but we're starting to see some of this come back is the Far East play. We've seen some groups from Hong Kong. We've had intentions from groups from Singapore that wanted to come back. So I think we're pretty optimistic on what we see in the casino front in Las Vegas.
Corey Sanders: Hi Robin, it's Corey. I think in general, in most of our regions, we're seeing some reasonable reinvestments. Atlantic City, we saw a little bit of a ramp -- that market is a tough market right now. But in general, our reinvestments have stayed pretty consistent. As we add some of these amenities, which our players have been asking for, that component of those comps will go against that gaming revenue, which would give it a reason why it'd be flat, but you would see profitability in other departments in the regional areas.
Corey Sanders: Yes. I think the answer is yes to all of them actually. The bigger events that are still coming in, depending on the type of industry, you'll see attendance reach the levels that they were before, especially if they're more domestic they have an international component, maybe not. But we're also seeing a lot of smaller groups and medium-sized groups come in and book also. So the business is definitely dynamic right now from that perspective. We're seeing a lot of demand for that business, where we're seeing a lot of demand for that business in the year for the year also.
Corey Sanders: Yes. It's higher than 2021 because 2021, we cut back a little, but it's lower than we were spending in 2019.
Corey Sanders: Yes. It's probably a new normal of where we feel pretty comfortable, plus or minus on going forward in the future also.
Jonathan Halkyard: I'll just - I'll make a couple of comments and then certainly invite Corey to comment as well. Casino room mix be in the high 20s to low 30%. It's pretty stable. A lot of our work recently has been around yielding the casino even more effectively, particularly during midweek. The casino business was very strong for us in terms of room nights. A year ago, as I noted in my comments, but that has since that and some of the leisure business has been overtaken profitably by group business. The other thing I mentioned, which is important is our direct bookings through our proprietary channels are up about 11% this quarter versus a year ago. And that's it nearly 3 times the rate of the growth of our overall web bookings. So this is one of the areas in which our MGM Rewards program and the improvements we've made to that as well as other marketing efforts have really helped drive the leisure business even through our proprietary channels.
Jonathan Halkyard: I actually think we can do better than that in Las Vegas, in part for a number of the reasons you mentioned, which is, of course, some of the changes we've made to the portfolio here or we'll have prospectively with the sale of the Mirage, but also just increasing effectiveness in driving demand and yielding. I feel comfortable that the margins will stabilize at increments higher than that that I described for the regional properties.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. I -- the margin performance is, of course, a number of dynamics going into it, but one of the most important has been our ability to yield on the room demand here. And we've seen it not only in our luxury properties, but also more recently in our other properties here in Las Vegas. So I would say the main contributor to it has been the strength in the hotel yielding. We have grown our labor in both the regional markets and in Las Vegas in the past quarter and we've done that intentionally. It's been reflected in our NPS scores and what our customers are telling us about their experience here. But it's also had some impact on margin, one that we intended and hopefully, we've signaled pretty clearly in the past. And that's really important because it is all about growing long-term market share for profitable market share for our businesses here in Las Vegas. And we think that that those customer service scores and the retention associated with those customers are going to help us get there.
Jonathan Halkyard: There's about $400 million or so that's required in so-called working capital and our cages, etcetera. And we have established a financial policy that we will have $1.5 billion available to us in addition to our revolving credit, which is approximately $1.5 billion. So that's the way we think about it. $1.5 million would be considered our minimum cash.
Jonathan Halkyard: No. Not in the third quarter. We -- our utilities are largely bought through the -- our energy costs largely bought through the end of 2023. So we didn't suffer any meaningful increase there. In fact, the opposite is that we continue our energy efficiency programs have had a slight decline in usage. But no, there's really nothing unusual in Vegas. In the regions, there were a couple of unusual items. There was some minor hold impacts in the third quarter, about 60 basis points. And we also had some hurricane proceeds in the prior year quarter, about 80 basis points. Most of the rest of it was labor increases when we look quarter-over-quarter, but we did probably have 1.5 points of unusual margin items in the regions in the third quarter.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. When MGM went to a majority position in MGM China in 2011, we recorded through the purchase accounting an intangible related to the concession. We've been amortizing that intangible to between 2031 and 2038. When the law was released back in June, we, together with our outside auditing firm, Deloitte, we came to the conclusion that it's a new concession that we'll be beginning post December. So the existing concession on which the intangible was based, we needed to amortize that towards the end of its life or by the end of its life, which is this year. So we took a relatively small amortization charge in the second quarter and then we're taking the remainder in the third and the fourth quarter. And so that's what that is.
Jonathan Halkyard: No, that's all right. It's -- this is Jonathan. It is mostly having to do with mix and to a minor extent, some addition of labor. It's almost impossible to overstate how much. I know your question was around sequential, but year-over-year and sequential, just the volume of activity has increased here, and that's required some additional labor resources. We've also opened some final outlets that had been closed over the past year or 2. So it's really both of those dynamics, which have caused that.
Jonathan Halkyard: I think it is absolutely the right strategy. I -- the valuation considerations aside for a moment, I love this capital structure. It's a perpetual capital structure with escalations of 2% to 3% over the next 10 years. It is one that we do not have to refinance. And when I look at what we've been able to accomplish on our M&A agenda, it's probably not too difficult to tease out that the Cosmopolitan and ARIA did nearly $300 million of EBITDA during the third quarter. And these are businesses that when you look at what we paid to acquire them are sub-6x EBITDA multiples. And at the same time, we've sold the Mirage and the Gold Strike at 17 and 11x multiples respectively. So there's clear valuation disconnect going on here. But when I look at the capital structure, the combination of it and its cost with what I think is our operating leverage in these other businesses with the demand dynamics we've described and the fact that really our regional cross-property efforts are just getting started to the Cosmopolitan integration is still very early in this whole event backdrop I just think it's a fantastic opportunity for value creation. So I wouldn’t change.
