Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thank you, Steve and good morning and welcome everyone to the MGM Resorts first quarter 2018 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those forward-looking statements are contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Please note that during the first quarter, the new revenue recognition accounting rules have taken effect. We've restated the prior year to be consistent with the current year and to help you navigate through some of those changes due to revenue recognition, we've included preliminary recasted quarterly 2017 stats and revenues as part of our supplemental earnings deck, which is posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Murren.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: From RevPAR guidance I think Mandalay, Joe – this is Dan. I think Mandalay is at least 50 basis points and could be as high as 100 basis points on that RevPAR guidance at Mandalay alone in that calculation.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And maybe Joe, just to follow-up on that point, really to Jim's point on the convention side, what we've seen for the past 30 to 45 days is an environment that has looked as it has over the past several quarters, but more recently we've seen rate get cut in these lower periods. So we're seeing people be a little bit more aggressive on rate in the market during these lower convention based periods. And we are taking that into consideration in these forecasts and that's real-time over the last three, four weeks of activity that we're seeing. And we've tried to maintain rate and hold it, but that's affected our forward pace. And so we have had to react a little bit to that, and we're taking that into consideration throughout the remainder of this year as well. Now, if that subsides and changes, then we'll let you know and we'll be kind of coming back to you with that color. But this current guidance reflects this current last 30 to 45 day environment that we're seeing right now in the marketplace, in those periods where the convention base is not as strong as it was last year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, we think it's far more likely that share repurchase will be done in the open market rather than in individual transactions going forward, just based on what we're thinking right now, so that's number one. Number two, equity investors, we seem to get about a split between people that like us to buy back stock and people that want us to more rapidly increase the dividend. So we're going to do both.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Hey, Carlo. This is Dan. We do see a pickup at some of the other assets, obviously with the disruption at Monte, I think New York-New York has benefited, some of our other core properties and mid-tier properties have benefited. And as Corey pointed out earlier, with one of the conventions moving from Mandalay to one of our sister properties, they obviously benefited. So we are keeping some of that business within the portfolio, but it is kind of dragging on some of the RevPAR and margin metrics from those two properties.
James Joseph Murren: I'll start that and then I'll turn it over to my left and right. First off, we try and I think we failed here because looking at the stock price, we have failed and I apologize for that, but we've tried to balance what we see on the near-term basis with the questions we get in terms of a longer term forecast. On a near-term basis we are consistently highly confident and how we can do in the current quarter. And in fact we've been pretty accurate in terms of our RevPAR guidance for many years in terms of how we're doing in the current quarter. The three factors that made us bring the guidance down in the current quarter are, one, we just did not anticipate not getting the fight. I didn't know about tainted meat in Mexico. We didn't know and this is on us. We didn't know how impactful the Monte Carlo disruption would be. We felt that we could manage around it and we haven't been able to. And we didn't know exactly what it would take to basically re-launch Mandalay Bay. Those are on us. And that's on me, I know better. As it relates to going out beyond the current quarter, there's some of these dynamics that are very still unclear. The citywides could be refilled very easily. We just don't know what September is going to look like in the city specifically. And in the city specifically what happens there will impact how MGM yields its own portfolio of 42,000 rooms. We do know that the fourth quarter is going to be very strong. We also know that there is good events in the second half of the year. We will unless there is more meat on the horizon have a really good fight in September, but we had two great fights in the third quarter of last year. There's some things we do know about the second half of the year, there's some we don't, but I feel like we probably should've done a better job of explaining the level of confidence we have in the current quarter versus answering the questions of what we see going out 6 to 12 months, which obviously has less data.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. So, I'll start and I'll turn it over to maybe Dan or I mean to Corey or Bill Hornbuckle who just got back. But, one of the challenges that Monte Carlo's had is for the last several months, is it does not have a porte cochere. It's kind of a tough thing when you go to a resort and you can't drive up to the front door. This is something we've always wrestled with at MGM Grand, for example. We'd always would like to improve the porte cochere at MGM, but we just haven't figured out how to do that without massively disrupting traffic. Over at Monte Carlo, we knew we had to do it, we've done it and that we completely underestimated the negativity to that. Secondly, all the walk-in traffic from The Strip is closed because The Strip access is closed. It was intended to be and will be the last element of the expansion when we add Eataly there on the corner at the end of this year. So, we underestimated what the impact would be there. The good news is that 90% of the rooms are done at Park MGM, the NoMad floors and the top Park MGM floors are closed right now for its remodel. The restaurants that are open are doing very well. The Sports Book bar that's open is doing very well. So, when we do release things to the public, we're getting very high returns, it's just been brutal in this process.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. I'll tackle that. We have no plans on the horizon at all in terms of a major new project here in Las Vegas. The only major growth opportunity that would require a significant amount of capital would be if we're fortunate enough to win Japan, which is three to four years away before we would even know. And even there, we would be part of a large consortium and therefore have only our share to contribute over some long period of construction time. We feel, at this point in time, that we're in a position to be very, very surgical in our capital investments where we will continue to put money to work to make the buildings that we own, that we feel have a future more profitable. We will continue to look for higher return on investment opportunities within the buildings we have, and we have a few ideas around that in the non-gaming space particularly because of our belief that Las Vegas is really emerging as a dominant sports town. And we will continue to cull the portfolio, probably I think it's illustrative that we're selling with our joint venture partner a beautiful hotel for over $200 million. It's not that it's not a beautiful hotel, it's just that we believe that the return on that invested capital, that asset is not high enough to warrant the continued ownership, and we could deploy that cash either back to the shareholders or in far higher ROI projects. We have no interest in embarking upon a major growth plan through M&A. We have no interest in branching into markets that we're unfamiliar with. We have a keen interest in continue to maximizing the advantages that we have in our key markets where we are literally the number one market share property in almost every market in which we operate. And there are a few strategic opportunities that may come our way because of our relationship with MGM Growth Properties, which is out there sourcing deals that could be very profitable for MGM Resorts shareholders. But beyond that, the focus is returning the cash to the shareholders.
James Joseph Murren: Sure, Joe. I'll take it, and maybe turn it over to Dan. I looked at this the last several days where the consensus is for Strip, we're talking about wholly owned here, because...
James Joseph Murren: ...excluding ARIA but, we were up until today within $50 million. We're a company that generates $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion of EBITDA a year. And we were within $50 million of consensus as of this morning. So the factors that whatever the range is, whether it's $50 million that we see or $100 million that you see, the factors of the delta is almost exclusively isolated to the ones that we just talked about. Mandalay Bay, Monte Carlo, no fight, and so far in one month in the second quarter lower hold.
James Joseph Murren: And the fight alone was 50 basis points just in the quarter. The mix shift and because of the citywide show, what we don't know yet is how the city in general will be able to refill the citywides in the third quarter. The mix shift in the third quarter is also a factor to lowering our second half of the year forecast. But as I've said earlier here we are still in April. We could easily and have in the past refilled those rooms profitably. We just don't know exactly where that's going to be at this time.
James Joseph Murren: I think that it's a balance, but if we find something that's opportunistic, that we think is enduring that could either be done particularly with MGP, because we believe in the future of MGP as well, if it's something that has a very high return for the MGM Resorts OpCo and the MGM Resorts shareholders, we would take a hard look at it. And we have been looking at situations with MGP. But that is, I would call it, opportunistic and episodic, whereas returning capital to the shareholders in the form of buying back stock and dividends is normal course of business now for us.
James Joseph Murren: And, Harry, what I would point out to add on to Corey's comment is when we look at the entirety of our Vegas portfolio here in terms of in the year, for the year, when you exclude Mandalay Bay, we're either at or better than where we were last year in terms of in the year, for the year. So this is an isolated Mandalay Bay...
James Joseph Murren: That's a fair question. I would say the two factors would be no fight, which has a big impact on drop, on win percentage, on our luxury properties. I think that would be the biggest one for the margin, and in April, so far, are lower than expected hold.
James Joseph Murren: Right. Well, of course, the answer I have to give is we don't comment on rumors, but I would again reinforce a couple things to be as helpful as I can. Number one, we're opening up in Springfield in a couple months. I think people will be incredibly positively surprised on not only the execution of that resort and its returns. And we've committed to that city. We've been there for many years. We believe in it, and we think we're going to make a lot of money there. And we think that the people of Springfield are going to be very happy. The other general point I would make is we have been very clear in terms of our free cash flow strategy, very clear. We embarked upon a couple very strong projects: Cotai, MGM National Harbor, and Springfield. Collectively that was a tremendous amount of capital expenditures that we have deployed, and we're pleased that we did that. We think that grows the company going forward. But during that period of time, we have always mapped out the inflection point of free cash flow and why that is important to the owners of the company, many of which are on the phone, including many of which are in this room, including me. We are going to run this company for free cash flow, cash flow margin, and it would have to be an extraordinary opportunity to take a step back and start burdening this company with more construction in progress. I just don't see it. I don't think it's likely. It would have to be an extremely unique situation. And as I said earlier, opportunistic and episodic but not daily course of business, like we believe the free cash flow story should play out as.
James Joseph Murren: We have. We're trying to do our best. And again, that's why I said in the onset, this is on me. I've been around a long time. This is now my 81st conference call with this company over 20 years of being here. And what we have been trying to do is we're trying to provide information, Felicia, but we also understand that we're a proxy for Las Vegas. It would be easy to brag about Bellagio and the fact that it has higher margins than its competitors. It'd be easy just to talk about one property like our competitors do. It would be easy to combine results together like another large competitor does, so you don't have any idea what's going on in each individual property, nor what's going on in the market. But that's not our nature. Our nature is to try to provide as much information as possible. I think where we have fallen down is not being very clear on the level of information we have in the current quarter versus two, three, four quarters away. And that's again on me. We'll talk about it. We started this journey a while ago because we were getting overwhelming questions from the sell and buy side about Las Vegas. And we feel as the dominant player here, we need to provide as much information as we can. But clearly it has hurt us; it hurt us today as an example. And it hurts our credibility, which impacts our margins, which impacts the morale at this company, and the 78,000 men and women that are working their ass off to produce the kind of results that we've been producing over the last several years. So it's a time of reflection for sure. I'm highly confident in the guidance we have given today in the current quarter and as I have been in many quarters over many years. I am more confident about the year now that we're over four months into it than we were when we gave the annual guidance last quarter. I regret giving the guidance for the year last quarter, that was a mistake that I made, and as a CEO. But we will continue to provide information, and I think what we're also going to do and we'll get to this is we're going to provide a lot of color around what we're seeing over the next couple of years on our Investor Day, which we hope you guys are all going to be out for.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. A couple of macros, Corey is going to pull them out. But the air traffic, domestic traffic is up. We obviously have good relationship, great relationship, probably the best with Southwest, we talk to them daily, that looks good on the domestic side for this year. LVCVA reporting outside of the citywides, their visitation numbers domestically are up. In terms of the Mirage, there's three customers that beat the pants off of us. And then I'll turn it back to Corey on other macros domestically.
James Joseph Murren: And, I guess just looking at it, you all have this but just to remind ourselves, our margins were 26.3% in 2015, 29.6% in 2016, 31% in 2017, and obviously we talked about what the challenges are here in 2018. But we're not standing still; our FTEs are down 3% year-on-year right now. We see a lot more opportunity in procurement. We have a lot more going on in the digital space which is going to we believe have very high margin returns, very little capital intensity. We're going to get into that a lot on the Investor Day. But this is a company that we believe has mid-30s margin capacity and we intend to get there.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. One example of a non-gaming investment is we owned Mandalay Place between Mandalay Bay and Luxor. If we did anything there, that's where the monorail by the way is going to land. That's where people are going to go on the monorail when they're going to a Raiders game, that's where they're going to pre-game when they walk across the bridge into a $2 billion stadium and that's where they're going to come back after the Raiders win. And whatever we do there is completely isolated to that area, would have no disruption to Mandalay Bay or Luxor, that's an example. What we have learned is that it is painful, but I don't regret doing it because – I'm back to Monte Carlo, that is the center of the Strip. We think we're going to get very high returns next year on that capital. We couldn't be in a better position with The Park, The Plaza, T-Mobile, New York-New York, and I don't envision a complete redo of a property. Remember how unique Monte Carlo was, it had the worst brand identity in our portfolio. We knew that a simple remodel there would not be the right long-term strategy. All of our other properties have very high brand awareness and identity, even all the other core properties. So, I look at refreshes, I look at incremental CapEx, but I don't look at a rebranding, a complete redo of a property like we did at Monte Carlo.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. I'm sorry, I was just going to say at Monte Carlo, Monte Carlo was a complete value customer. They would shop, they had little to no loyalty to Monte Carlo. So some of them did, I agree with Dan, go over to New York-New York, but a lot of them walked across the street, or they are going to some of the other very underwhelming inventory that is in Las Vegas right now. So I would say we've lost a lot of those traditional Monte Carlo customers not to our own company, but to some of our competitors. As it relates to Mandalay Bay, we did get that shipped on a convention or two, but again I think also at Mandalay, we lost some of that to competitors as well.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. I know that we don't focus on it because it's a non-consolidated affiliate but you're really – looking at ARIA's volumes, I mean again another data point that the luxury properties – the hold wasn't there, but the volumes are incredible in the luxury properties, all of them, ours and our competitors certainly so far this year.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you. Clearly, we had a lot to talk about today. I believe in what we're doing here in Las Vegas. If you added up the billions of dollars that are being invested in stadiums and the convention center and otherwise, it bodes well for the market. We just talked about sports. It does have an impact, and I think on that point, I think there should be great emphasis on what might happen at the Supreme Court. Our legal experts seem very confident that PASPA will be overturned. And having spent decades building trust with regulators, with sports books here in Nevada. With really our singular dominance in sports so far, we believe and we intend to be the biggest beneficiary of commercial sports betting, should the Supreme Court overturn PASPA as early as June. We also believe and we'll talk to that in great detail at our Investor Day. And as it relates to the broad concept of sports, not just in this sense but in terms of e-sports relationships that we have globally with leagues and teams. We also believe in Japan. We think that that has not been fully understood. This is a seminal event that has occurred this week alone, and we intend to fight for a right to be in that country. And thirdly, we believe in Las Vegas. We know that it's been choppy this year as it relates to what we've talked about and certainly in terms of our guidance being lowered today. But we do believe in 2018, 2019, 2020 and in macro backdrop and our friends in the industry and our competitors support that view. And finally, we believe in the strategy of returning cash to our shareholders, buying back stock, increasing our dividend, returning capital, where we do not find the kinds of returns that we feel acceptable and where we do find opportunities to prune the portfolio. I think it should be noted and reflected upon that we are doing that now and can do that more in the future. And so with that, I hope to see you all in a couple of weeks' time at our Investor Day and we'll have a lot more to talk about. And as always, if you have any questions, please reach out to any of us. Thank you.
Corey I. Sanders: Stephen, what I would add, the challenge on the room side in particular is we're in a transition of changing the name to Park MGM, which will happen here fairly soon. So, our websites are changing, everything is changing, there's confusion with the consumer. The ratings for the property and all the channels are negative because of all the construction that we've had. So, what we've elected to do is we want to make sure that people, especially our most loyal customers are able to experience the product. So, we've been in opaque channels at lower rates filling that hotel in the interim period, but we feel really comfortable with our strategy. The other transition that will happen is our advertising campaign will go out later in the fall as we get closer to NoMad being complete and Eataly being complete. Now at that time, I think it will be really the first time we'll be able to market that property in the way that it needs to be marketed.
Corey I. Sanders: Hi, Harry, it's Corey. With regards to Mandalay Bay, we had the one cancellation in February, another one moved actually to one of our sister properties, and then we've had a few small cancellations. What we're seeing in particular as we get near the later in the year where this property would book within the year for the year, it's a little bit challenged especially near that anniversary date. So I think what we're seeing is that meeting planner still wants to go to the property probably is going to take off a little bit on 2018, especially in the back half of the year. What we're seeing in 2019 though is that meeting base is pretty good. Also at Mandalay Bay, when that meeting base is not there, the transient leisure customer is – some are electing to stay away. And for us to run that property, we need to run that at north of 90% to make some money. And so we are filling some of that with our lower package business, which is putting a drain on the RevPAR also.
Corey I. Sanders: Sure. On domestic seats, they are up, Felicia and so are international. And we're also seeing that in the next four months into the town we expect it to be up about 3.5%. The hole in the first quarter was really convention room nights, and what we're doing is we're replacing those convention room nights with that lower base of business, which I'm sure most of the town is. So we're all fighting for the same type of business, but there's actually – my feeling is, there's more of that business. It just isn't at the rate that the convention business is at.
Corey I. Sanders: And Thomas as far as making up ground, I think the important factor here is to look at the past performance. We've actually outperformed and been ahead of our previous guidance. I think when you look at the cumulative effect of what we've been able to accomplish and how we've been able to drive margins even with a down year, we're still ahead by the end of 2018 where we thought we would be, when we look at the last three years of margin improvement and we're going to continue to stay focused on driving margins and improving the profitability of the business for sure.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. Far East was actually up almost 26% for the first quarter so it's very strong and it continues to be strong as we see players come in constantly. Even National which had a tough first quarter challenge was actually up in drop and handle, so the whole high end segment feels pretty good.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. I think what we are seeing is that mid-tier player, we are seeing pickup there, and it won't be enough to make up some of the whales that come in for a fight, but it is pretty solid. If they advanced further into the playoffs and into the Stanley Cup area, I think it has potential to get some high-end customers, especially people that are traditional hockey fans. What we're hearing a lot of is the Knights are the second favorite team of almost everyone in hockey. So, most of these Canadian cities have adopted that team and we think that there's probably potentially good pick up there if they continue to advance.
