Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Steve. Good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts third quarter 2017 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially for those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Please note that our supplemental earnings deck is posted to our website as well. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah. I think Shaun, it's probably a little bit too early for us to kind of get into what that magnitude will be, but in the next quarter we'll definitely – quarterly call we'll definitely give you kind of how we're thinking about the full year. But as Jim said, RevPAR will be up in 2018, challenging first quarter and then strength thereafter.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Carlo, this is Dan. I don't think the range is conservative. I think the approach we're taking with respect to our casino business over the last few years has really evolved into more focused on profitability overall as well as the customers. So, as we've talked about before, certain steps that we've taken with respect to our customers are much different today than historically, and some of which we don't deal to any longer. So, we've taken a different approach. I think that's probably helped our ability to skew more towards a higher end of that range, and how we look at customers today, how we market, how we promote those customers and the deals that are cut with the customers I think has helped our theoretical and ultimately our actual hold percentages.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And, Felicia, I'd like to make another point, too, just to add on. It wasn't just MGM Resorts. This was the entire community for about 10 days that stopped marketing the destination. So, LVCVA, ourselves, our colleagues up and down The Strip, as well as our partners on online channels, et cetera, really shut down any outward and forward-facing marketing efforts for that 10-day period. So, it wasn't just us.
Corey I. Sanders: Sure. Harry, from a pricing perspective, our goal is probably within a few years to ramp up to our total strategy because there will be a transition period as Park MGM is introduced and NoMad is getting completed. But the goal on this project is we believe there's an opportunity to price this product right around or above a Mirage-ish or MGM-type property. There's not a lot of product in the town with that. We think there's an opportunity from the Park MGM perspective to hit that sweet spot. The NoMad will be more on the higher end, and should be priced with some of the luxury properties. But, overall, that's the overall strategy with the property.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah, look, our goal is always to maximize that base around the 19%, 20%. CON/AGG will be a little bit of a challenge. There is a chance we can get there, but it's going to be a tough challenge.
Corey I. Sanders: I think, yeah, at the end of the first quarter, we'll have the property rebranded. But we'll also be doing about 600 rooms in NoMad. So, there'll be a little bit of an offset there. But in general, most of the disruption, or at least EBITDA decrease, should end by the first quarter.
Corey I. Sanders: And what I would expect is what was down in the first quarter is probably the result of CON/AGG and the shift at CES.
Corey I. Sanders: So, this is Corey. I'll answer it. Even in the fourth quarter, we were down 3% in FTEs, and I think we have our engine pretty well dialed in to match our labor with our forecast. And in particular, in Q4, even before the incident, we usually go into slow period plans, which we accelerated. So, we will hopefully be able to offset any cost increase there. As we operate in the future and a lot of PGP initiatives, they're all driven to constantly increase our margins over time. And so we believe, based on what we have in place that we'll be constantly be able to do that and therefore manage the labor, in particular our biggest cost through our new technology that we're using.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. What I would add, Carlo, is actually when you look at our business and in particular the large groups and especially if you saw it in October right after the event them being here sure helped quite a bit without having a major impact on our results. But in general, 60% of our business, or close to that, is corporate. And of that, the large groups are a small percent of it. And actually, a majority of our room nights come from the smaller groups, the large groups what allows us to do is yield our rooms a lot higher at those properties when that core business is in there. It looks strong. It continues to look strong. Many of those groups book multi-years. And so, we have a lot of that tied up. We constantly are looking for actually larger groups to actually help us on our shoulder periods also. But in general, when we look at our Strip revenue and what those large groups have done, they've actually helped us grow the total convention contribution probably about 5% to 10% a year over the last few years and we expect that to continue.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah, what we ended up doing in Mandalay is we probably took another week and then we started drizzling it out just to make sure that the reaction was not adversarial. And so, over time, it's at full force now. I would say that Mandalay compared to the rest of our properties probably has the most impact. We know that 20% of the cancellations came from there. But they're really close to where their booking pace was prior to the incident.
Corey I. Sanders: So, keep in mind, we thought it was going to be even a more challenging quarter going in because of the 140,000 less citywide room nights. So, we were able to achieve that even without that. And I think what drove a lot of the retail, especially in those properties, the two major events definitely helped quite a bit. But if we could layer on the events with the convention base, there are always opportunities to raise rates there. And the rates there are still below peak at some of those properties.
Corey I. Sanders: Even when we look at the hockey games and many of us are seasoned ticket holders there. Half the arena is the other team. And there's probably a good portion of the other team that is coming in from out of town staying New York-New York, Monte Carlo, Aria, Bellagio, Excalibur even because it's close to the arena.
Corey I. Sanders: So, keep in mind Aria is not included in our mix, but the goal of the additional space is, one, to look at getting better groups in there at higher rates. Two, to the extent it makes sense to place more convention business into a facility compared to the other business we could place into it, we will. And I think there's opportunities to improve that mix, but it's not the ultimate goal of purely sitting there and saying we want to be at a certain percent. We're going to maximize our profitability by using all the spaces we have and making sure we have the right groups in our rooms.
Grant R. Bowie: Sorry, Harry, I think we're seeing as you've noticed the strengthening in the VIP market across the board. And I think what everybody is doing pragmatically is taking that opportunity as it seems to be settled. And we're the same; we're obviously positioning ourselves for COTAI and building out VIP for COTAI. But even in the Macau property, we will be opening a new VIP Room, bringing in a new operator in December. So I think to your point, yes, there is a focus on VIP, but I think it's probably because after a very quiet few quarters and almost over two years, we're now seeing some growth. And I think everybody is just repositioning and rebalancing their portfolio in that sector. Thank you.
Grant R. Bowie: So, at the opening we'll have our own in-house VIP. And I think as we've indicated earlier, we wouldn't have junket initially, but we do have a program to bring that online as quickly as we can. So that is a focus for us. At the moment, based on the construction program, we're looking to get The Mansion, again, online before the middle of the year. And we're just going to work as quickly as we can. Clearly, bringing the junket and The Mansion and ramping up the VIP all needs to come together because we've got to be up to service that customer at the level we know we want to and make the impression that Jim indicated we're going to create with The Mansion.
Grant R. Bowie: I think it's true that the Peninsula properties had more dislocation, but frankly I don't think it had any eminent effect. If anything, I think it was just a timing issue. When you look at the GGR going into October, we've seen some good growth. So, it's one of those events, it's a tragic event that – it had a lot of damage caused and obviously a lot of dislocation in the community. But in terms of business, I think we are becoming really pretty robust and pretty resilient. And so, I don't see it having any permanent impact at all.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. After we get through the first quarter and obviously the city-wide rotation, we expect group business and overall RevPAR to be up in the balance of the year.
James Joseph Murren: I don't know if you've been out lately, but, literally, the exterior of the building the signs are down. It's being refaced from the exterior. It's incredibly challenging to navigate in the interior. And there are pockets of really brilliance in terms of Primrose and the Steakhouse and the lobby area – but it is literally a full-on construction project right now and it really won't feel like an integrated resort until the second half of the year.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. I'll start and then Dan or Corey or anyone can jump in. We – when we went into strategic planning back in July, we expected the first quarter to be flat to down anyway. But we expected the first quarter to accelerate after we got through that and we'd expect it to be up for the balance of the year. So, before October 1, we had expected that to be the challenge, we knew that would be the challenge. But we thought and we still believe today based on our really – almost non-existing cancellations and actually new bookings for 2018 that will be up every other quarter in 2018. But I think we want to quantify the magnitude maybe, Dan, or...
James Joseph Murren: Down 5% to 7%. So, we don't expect the first quarter to be down as much as the fourth quarter if that helps you.
James Joseph Murren: Right. So, if there is a decline it'll be for those city-wide reasons and it will not be as much as the fourth quarter.
James Joseph Murren: And as we've said before, but it bears repeating, our goal is to increase our EBITDA margins 50 basis points to 100 basis points a year, and that remains the target that we feel is achievable. We've obviously come off a tremendously strong third quarter. And therefore we'll have a good year with our nine-month results already booked overall, but we expect to continue to not only drive revenue growth in 2018 but margin growth as well.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah, I agree with Dan. I think we're still happy with the range because we dominate in the high end. We're bigger than our next two competitors combined. Note how much money Bellagio made again, if you can but compare that to our Strip competitors. So, there is volatility in the high end and that's why I think at this point, we should keep the range where it is, but there's no doubt that the analytics around our whole table games department and the men and women that are working there has improved the profitability and also the hold percentages if you look back over the last several quarters.
James Joseph Murren: And as you know, we're so proud of our national ad campaign. We took that off air immediately. And that has not gone back up on air and probably won't go – I know it won't go back up on air until sometime next year. So, we're not fully back from a marketing perspective. We don't think it's appropriate to do so at this point in time. But in our direct marketing, here in November, all the channels are back fully functioning.
James Joseph Murren: That's a good point, Dan. I mean, you'd have to be here to experience it. But this is a good point to say how appreciative we are at MGM of our competitors. We had pastries delivered from the Venetian. We had folks coming over from Tropicana. We had Cosmopolitan chipping in. We had folks at Wynn, Caesar's Properties. We all rallied around the same tragedy. And the city collectively and universally shut down its outward-facing marketing for the better part of a week and a half. People had their own views on how to restart their programs independent to themselves. But it was certainly a collective decision by the community to pause, focus on the victims and the families and the employees and the community. And we're all turning on those channels now.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah, that's actually a good point, Corey. I don't think we've talked about on the quarters. We have talked about a strong convention calendar for 2018, but we have an equally strong entertainment calendar at all of our arenas as well. And those big arena events drive ADR increases and it's not as episodic as it used to be. We literally have every weekend now, it seems, a major event at either Mandalay Event Center, MGM Grand Garden or T-Mobile Park Theatre and our other venues and that has an instantaneous uptick in ADR when we have them.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah, they're not staying at Monte Carlo too much right now, it's under construction but they're staying at New York-New York and Excalibur, Luxor, Aria, MGM.
James Joseph Murren: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We are working hard for you, our investors, our owners. I'm proud of our company. We are enthused about the future of MGM Resorts not only here in the United States with COTAI opening around the corner and we're very active in the pursuit of what I believe to be a tremendous opportunity in Japan and we aim to be a winner in that market as it unfolds. And we'll be in touch with you. Please call us at any point in time and thank you for the time today.
