Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. I know my new Chief Sales Officer is going to come for me. As a company, we've been busy this year in our pursuit of our vision to be the world's premier gaming entertainment company. I could not be more proud of the progress we've made, but understand there is clearly more work to do. Again, I'd like to thank all of our employees for their contribution to everything we have accomplished. There is a lot of excitement in the rest of 2022 and beyond. I can't wait for what's to come. I truly believe our best days are yet to come. And with that operator, I'd like to open it up for questions.
Bill Hornbuckle: But Joe, obviously, we love our position in Macau. We're excited about Japan. I'm not going to comment in anything else. We'll continue to be aggressively look at M&A and active to the extent it makes sense. But I really don't want to comment on the Singapore situation. I don’t know Jonathan, you want to--. So, we stand as we are Joe.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, I'll kick it off and maybe turn part of this over to Jonathan and/or Corey. Look inflation is an interesting thing to our business, obviously, we price our hotel rooms every day. So, we were in a great position there. Most of our food and beverage is also dynamic in some respect, I think we as a company have done a great job with energy. We've already bought energy to the end of 2023. And most of our employees, about 60% of them are in some form of a union contract and the biggest lift on that comes next year in 2023 with a culinary -- we've got about 35,000 employees in some way, shape or form in some kind of review cycle. So, we feel good generally where we are. I would make this broad comment, we just came through hell and back with COVID, we've learned how to manage this company at scale at a premium, meaning we're premium operators with high end product. And I think our margins are still stretching, high 30s into the 40s. Some of our significant properties even higher. Obviously, we're not naive to what may or may not happen. But I feel good about the operating model we put in play. I feel good about the levers that we have and the handle we have on costs. And so Jonathan if you want to talk about some specifics of what might happen, but it's my general view.
Bill Hornbuckle: And I think maybe one last comment here to think about our regionals. In many cases, market leading large scale, ultimately, really resorts, they're not smaller properties that do $15 million or $20 million, they're large scale places that hopefully do a couple 100 million. And so our regional portfolio even sets up a little different, you know, two thirds of our database, the average household income is over $110,000. So, it's such that we have a upmarket opportunity in the context of where our customer base are, and therefore, who may or may not be impacted, and how severely by a significant downturn.
Bill Hornbuckle: Carlo, it's Bill. It is softer sports season as you know, we're exactly where we thought we would be, particularly with our iGaming business. Obviously, as you know, it was a great market, it's now been regulated. So there's a couple of dozen competitors. We're in the single digit high single digit market share and growing. And so it's a real, it's clearly a real marketplace that is used to AI gaming and sports betting. And so our entry into that has been productive. And we're pretty excited about what that ultimately all goes.
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure, again, Bill. So, David, pretty straightforward. We believe ultimately that the digitization of our business and therefore our ability to take brands through omnichannel and otherwise and make something real a bit is a real business and obviously, BetMGM is heading to a $2 billion revenue line next year, hopefully profitability by end and we are interested rest of world. And so a smaller acquisition, you know, the numbers, we were probably going to be in at just under 600 million, hopefully throw up between 40 and 50, the first year. But it's got a expandable platform. It's got a built in team that we really like in terms of its management. And so we're looking at M&A, we're looking at gaming studios, they have dabbled in before live dealers live gaming and so we liked the entry. We recognize it's not as large scale and therefore needle moving, as we might want over time, but we thought it was a great place to start. And most importantly, we liked the platform and the players -- I mean the team. And so that's -- in essence, that's it. And we think over time, it's in Canada, as well. So, it's an open marketplace, obviously, for BetMGM LeoVegas, and our partners and entertain as well. And so we just liked the exposure it gives us it's a learning curve for us to understand rest of world and we think we'll learn a lot from these guys.
Bill Hornbuckle: And Shaun, we have said in 2022, we'd be at about 90% pace to 2019. With the exception of his cancellation, we're right on that point. And so you know, that's, that's been the return of what we expected. And we've seen it. I think next week, we have Cisco in town with 27,000 people. So, tech is back, large scale is back. And so that continues to look real positive into the next year, particularly given. As I mentioned earlier, this city-wide are going to cycle through.
Bill Hornbuckle: I think, Dan, it's actually both. I mean, obviously, we have a keen interest. We're going to invest several billion dollars in Japan if we're given the opportunity. And so that will be another cornerstone for us in Asia. Between that and Macau, we feel pretty comfortable with what's going on there. And obviously, we'll watch like everybody, what happens in Thailand or any place else for that matter. But we like where we are. And furthermore, we'd love to be in Japan at scale. And then for us, obviously, domestically, particularly if you think about Las Vegas and some other places, there's only so many places we can go and continue to grow. And so that's why digital, among many reasons, is so attractive to us and so we're going to continue to lean into that. Obviously, continue to invest in BetMGM. While painful, it's going to be productive. We sincerely believe that now two and half years into this journey. It's hitting its marks, it's doing what it said it was going to do, time to tell in that business how quickly it goes profitable. But at the end of the day, if I said we're going to invest $1 billion in a business and ultimately reap hundreds of millions, and by the way, the build cycle is three years, you'd all say let's go. And so we're excited by that and we remain so. And we'll watch for other opportunities in digital, either through our LeoVegas vehicle or anything else that potentially comes up, that could be meaningful for either strategic or basically broader economic reasons.
Bill Hornbuckle: The third quarter cadence goes way down given the seasonality. And then we get back into football, which is productive. So the back half of the year, we're going to still have the target number of about 2 to 2.25 invested on MGM's behalf. We are pacing as we thought we would. iGaming has been a little better, which is accretive to us, Sports betting not as much. And you've probably seen this or heard about this. We are continuing to pull down some of our marketing spend. While share continues to be important, particularly in new markets, we're getting smarter and smarter and smarter about how we do this. And so we feel comfortable as we think about 2023 and beyond our ability to make money in this business is within our grasp.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. Good question. Thank you, John. So look, I guess if there's such thing as good news when I tell you this number. We're under 4,000 open jobs. And remember, in any given usual time, and I'm making usual 2018, 2019, et cetera, we've always had between 1,200 and 1,500. It's just hard to keep the cycle going at the scale that we need. And so we're in a better shape. We still have some key areas like most people in hospitality, around housekeeping, security, cooks, that we struggle with in terms of getting people back to work. And so that continues and it's seeable here and even into our regions for sure, in some of the offshoot markets like Atlantic City and the Beau in Mississippi, Obviously, Tunica has been a challenge, but it soon won't be our challenge. And so I still feel our ability to flex up. We flex up into -- think about our portfolio into the Bellagio and the ARIAs of the world with employees. And so I'm not overly concerned. Things like F1 will be a significant undertaking for the community, but the company -- we're trying to get our head. We've assembled teams around all of that in terms of the opportunity, which is amazing. I think what's going to be ultimately for retail business of note and potentially gaming business. But generally speaking, we're in decent shape. We're not running around with their hair on fire, if you will anymore. But there's still some kind of interesting state of the economy, there's 1.5 million jobs available in this industry of the 11 million jobs still open in America. And we represent that I think, fairly squarely. But we are getting by and pretty excited by the folks that are coming back on board. And I think we're in decent shape.
Bill Hornbuckle: Robin, we think about it all the time. Of course, it'd be foolish to think otherwise. And you can't buy what's not for sale. We remain keenly focused on BetMGM. We'd like more of it. We have a great partnership with them. That business is working well because of what we ultimately all provide, our IP, our database, their technology. And so there's -- there are other ways to skin a cat and potentially we may have to seek those and it is what it is. But obviously we continue to follow the math and we understand it intimately. But for now we have no story there.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, I think it ties to the broader market. Look anything tied to luxury and high end retail and you can obviously put into that case, Bellagio, Aria and now The Cosmopolitan parts of MGM and parts of Mandalay are doing amazingly well. Room rate activity remains in the high teens, ADR percentages above all things ever. Our food and beverage and our costings, and our pricing, excuse me, is extremely strong. And so it ties to just about everything else you've heard about in the broader economy, we're able to leverage up on higher end retail products. And it's done well for us. Corey…
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, I think there are a couple of states. I think the reality is there's not a dozen right now. I think there are a couple states that were clearly targeting. We think they have everything but iGaming in them. And they obviously make an interesting subject and initiating discussion with regulatory government officials and ultimately regulators. There's a couple though, that we have benchmark for next year. And we think we can break into and continue to grow that because it is the key to the bottom line of that business, as you know. And so we're excited to continue to do that. It's going to take some time though, in depending on how deep this recession may or may not be. When states need money, sometimes they turn to this vehicle. So we'll see.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator. Just a couple of key thoughts as you think about our call today. And again, congrats to our entire team. I couldn't be happier with where we are and what we've accomplished. Much has been done, and frankly, obviously much more to go. There has been, I think, a shift. There's this insatiable aptitude -- appetite for travel experience, experience based economy, and the millennial stepping into it. And I think we've seen it in all of our properties, particularly here in Las Vegas. When you think about The Cosmopolitan and others. I think we're in a great place, I think we're ideally suited to take advantage of it. You think about travel experiences and how things are reported out. We feel ideally situated to do that. We think we've proven our working model, our operating model has worked, I should say, whether we lever up to the success we've had in the last two quarters, or frankly, whether we need to weather the storm coming up. We think we're in great shape to do that. And we think we've learned a great deal as we think about the future, frankly to go either way. We're not naive to what the economy may or may not do. And so we have constant pressure on ourselves around employment, around labor, around all things expense related, and we remain keenly focused on that. We've all lived through this before, and don't want to see some of the mistakes we've made in the past replicate it. And so we're on that. But generally speaking, if you think about where the company is today, our balance sheet of know the opportunities in front of us to go more into Asia, potentially to go more into digital, to potentially buy back and take back some more shares for our stakeholders. I think we're in an amazingly great place, and I couldn't be more excited for our future. So I appreciate everyone's time today and support generally and we hope to we continue to do the same kinds of thing. So thank you.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. Joe, we've done certainly forensics on prior recessions and the impact of changing customer behavior and pricing on our operating model tried to adjust it for things like the very -- the dramatic, the different supply environment that we have now, better than what was experienced back and say, 2007, 2008. A and it really depends upon where any reduction in demand would come whether it be from visitation, or pricing or both. I certainly believe having seen this now, just in my relatively brief time with the company, our company twice has done has dealt with pretty material reductions in demand last August, September and then of course, back in January, the operating model really works here and the company has playbooks and I'm confident that we will be able to adjust as much as possible to that kind of reduction and maintain margins, perhaps not where they are now but above where they've been in the past under such circumstances. And I think the other thing that I add is we still have a number of initiatives in flight that would help us greatly in such a situation, and those would include of course, the cost work that we've done over the past couple of years and also the MGM Rewards program which is designed, in part to stimulate increased visitation from our regional properties in Las Vegas, visitation that I don't think we get our fair share of now. And also, cross property visitation while our customers are within Las Vegas. These are huge opportunities that I think would be a bit of a buffer for us and that kind of environment.
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure, David. Well, we mentioned in our results today, we purchased $1.1 billion of shares in the second quarter, that's the -- that's our highest investments since this program restarted a little over a year ago, at the -- should surprise nobody at the most attractive price just 30 -- it's 34 and change. I should note that we since the end of the quarter, we've repurchased another 5.3 million shares at a price just above $29. So we did continue the program into the third quarter. My soliloquy at the end around the around the attractiveness of the value of the shares is certainly one of the reasons we've been so aggressive here and why we will continue to repurchase shares. But it's also true that this was a part of the strategy -- our asset-light strategy to return this capital to our shareholders and fine-tune the leverage of the business and at $4 billion in the past 15 months, we -- I think more of that strategy is behind us than is still in front of us. We do have just under $1 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization and we'll be opportunistic, keeping in mind, some of the other capital requirements we have coming up that we're excited about things like LeoVegas, New York, and so on.
Jonathan Halkyard: Well, the only other point that I would add is that we have these, we think, two embedded growth vehicles within our business right now. One is ultimate recovery of Macau and the second is BetMGM, as Bill mentioned. And those do not require much more capital, at least as compared to the company's financial resources. At the same time, we've been applying capital to reduce our capital base for the benefit of our shareholders. And I think that will provide real leverage as we expect to see those two businesses provide earnings growth for the company.
Jonathan Halkyard: Now, the largest components of our CapEx, Chad, are room renovations and our technology investments. Through the first six months of the year, we've invested about $250 million in CapEx. So we're behind pace, but I'm confident we'll be pretty close to the number that we've outlined for this year. And those will continue going into 2023 and 2024. And so probably a reasonable number for maintenance CapEx is going to be kind of in the 5% or 6% of net revenue. And we, of course, have a lot of flexibility on timing of those investments if we need to, but we've set forward a multiyear schedule of room renovations that we think are important in order to maintain and grow revenues. And I'll just point out what we have going on right now is room renovations has just begun at New York, New York, one in a large segment of the MGM Grand and then down in Biloxi, a room renovation at the Beau Rivage business, which under leadership of Brandon Bardo and his team is just having a phenomenal year so far.
Corey Sanders: Yes. And the other thing I would add, Carlos that we've identified immediately is procurement savings that and they go both ways they go on buys that. They were getting through Blackstone, and on buys that were that we get.
Corey Sanders: Hey Shaun, it's Corey. In Q2, we were about 93% of 2019 room nights in the convention segment. And we actually had our highest catering and banquet numbers since the fourth quarter of 2019. So, pretty positive environment there. We did have one large group that canceled, it's been the only group that's not come back. We're happy to say we're seeing most of our big groups come back considerably. With regards to the gaming customer. The business is strong in all age groups across all segments of it, especially in Las Vegas. Even our lower end is strong there. And our unrated continues to be outpaced where we were in 2019. It's flattened out since 2021, but all indications are very strong trends.
Corey Sanders: Yes. What I would add, John is our margins probably already seen the impact because of the way we have to record T-Mobile and in the Grand Garden. So now we're going to benefit from these outside events and including what will happen at the spear, they bring U2 and others, they will just bring more people into the city. And I think we saw that, especially with Allegiant with the NFL games, which will be in the fourth quarter and the events that they've had. So I don't think these upcoming -- I think these upcoming events will allow us to bring premium customers in and actually maintain or increase our margins.
Corey Sanders: Yes, Robin. This is Corey. I think we have two different sets of regional properties unlike our competitors, I think when we think about National Harbor Boulevard, Borgata, you get a lot of tourists, a lot of FIT type customers in those properties. We're seeing the same strength, we're seeing in Las Vegas. As we get into our more traditional driving markets. The hiring customers are continuing to come in and play in that levels, they were probably seeing a little softness at the bottom end of that range, and a little bit in the unrated, especially at properties like Empire.
Corey Sanders: And the high end gaming piece in those properties, we are seeing that incremental play. So you'll see those properties outperform the legacy properties.
