Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thank you, Jamie. And good morning and welcome everyone to the MGM Resorts International first quarter 2017 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in the press release, which is also available on our website. Please note that our supplemental earnings deck is posted on our website, which we hope you will continue to find helpful. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, sure, Harry. Look, what we tried to do at 24 is give the investment community, kind of the building blocks of that domestic profile and look of how all of the pieces are coming together to give you better perspective of that sources and uses more or less. So, that's what 24 really gives folks. It isolates the domestic group apart from MGP and MGM China. And I think as we continue to move throughout the year, as Jim mentioned earlier, and move beyond our development cycle here with the close-out of National Harbor, obviously, we'll be finishing this year and next year, Springfield, and getting that opened by September of next year, we'll be heavily out of that capital intensive development cycle and see our cash flow – free cash flow continuing to improve and grow as not only we grow operationally and maximize our profitability at our existing properties. We bring on Borgata for the full year, continue to ramp-up National Harbor and the lowering of the development capital will just have a profound impact on growing our free cash flow profile starting this year and into next year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, sure. I mean, obviously, we've laid out what our capital plans are in terms of not only our maintenance and our same-store property growth capital, but our project plan. So, I think, we have about another $80 million-ish to close out National Harbor's construction cost. We'll spend about $240 million, $250 million this year in total for Springfield and a little less next year in completing that property. I think, it's around $230 million, $240 million for Springfield next year. But those are really the only two remaining large pieces of capital. And then, of course, from time to time, you're going to see kind of us pulling on the various levers and opportunities we have much like you saw here in April with our ability to bring $300 million back into this restricted group from CityCenter. So, it's going to continue to build. It will be a little bit choppy because of some of those positive effects like CityCenter coming in from time to time and future dividends from Macau as Grant, Bill and our construction team bring that project to its completion later this year and ramp up next year. I would expect those dividends to pick up in 2018 and 2019 as well. So, there's a lot more of positive inputs coming in over the next two years than just the incremental free cash flow on a same-store basis.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. I think, this year – for our properties, it's about $540 million this year which is inclusive of the Park MGM and NoMad...
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And I would say, Joe, on our bigger customers, the people like 50,000 and above, the number of trips are actually up in the first quarter for that region.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, Thomas, this is Dan. We've looked at it and we studied it and obviously it'll be something we continually look at. We feel comfortable that 21% to 25% is the right range. And obviously, it'd be something we continue to evaluate. A lot of the initiatives and a lot of the approach that we've taken over the past 18 months to 24 months with respect to how we drive profitability in our table games business is driving some of that increase, and we'll continue to monitor that, but based on the work that we've done thus far looking at the past couple of years, 21% to 25% seems to be the right range in terms of that hold percentage.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, sure, Felicia. I think, when you look at our full year, and the guidance and color we've given, we do believe that for the full year, we'll be able to grow low to mid-single digits on the top line and improve our margins by 50 basis points to 100 basis points. So, that would put us in kind of the 30% to 31% range overall in terms of our margins. That's adjusting for some of the ins and outs from the prior year as well as really kind of normalizing the hold overall as we look at our Strip performance and the guidance we've given for 2017. Probably one of the bigger deltas from the Investor Day is really the timing of MGM Cotai as when we're putting those models together last year for the Investor Day, Cotai was still on target for an early 2017 opening. And, obviously, with the later opening, that pushed that timing out and that impact to the model. That's probably the biggest singular change. As always, ins and outs and odds and ends. But we feel pretty good that here in Las Vegas, we'll be able to continue to grow and maximize the opportunity here, the regionals as well. And, obviously, you've seen the power of Detroit, Borgata and our ability to ramp with National Harbor coming online this year. So, we feel good about directionally where we're heading overall for 2017.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Mirage held exceptionally well. Bellagio was a benefactor of that hold, and I would say MGM Grand was not a benefactor of hold in the quarter, if I was to look at the highs and lows in the quarter.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: So, Robin, for 2017, we feel that – and remember, we're coming off a record year in 2016, that will be at least as good as we were in 2016. Our goal is to be a touch better than that. So, we finished up 2016 at 19% mix. Where our goal is to be 19%, kind of 19.5% kind of range for 2017 that we're on pace for right now.
James Joseph Murren: And Dan – maybe just to add to that, Harry, I think, you're just focused on CapEx. So, just if you looked out the last – next three years or four years, our CapEx is $400 million, $500 million a year.
James Joseph Murren: Right. But I means if you were going to model out over the next three – I mean, if you're doing like a three year or four year model, you're going to figure CapEx is no more than $500 million a year.
James Joseph Murren: So, we have – and in that $400 million, $500 million a year is all our room remodels, all the refreshes, expansions to convention centers. All the areas that we spend money on to continue to grow our market share and our market. So, that's what I was trying to allude to Harry is that we just had a major capital finish at National Harbor that's tailing out right now. We're going to finish Springfield, and there's no new project down the horizon in the United States and we like what we own. And so, we believe with our operating revenues and cash flows growing and our CapEx to be completely controlled by ourselves and very definable, that's where you lead to – even before dividends, that's where you lead to rapidly accelerating operating free cash flow.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. And, in fact, Joe, I mean, right now, we have NAB, of course, in town, right? Corey and Bill, Dan? It's performing extremely well for the market. Well, I could say it's performing extremely well for us and probably for the market. So, here we are in the second quarter. That's doing well. I was with the CEO of a very, very large tech company yesterday, and he's looking to move more business to Las Vegas from another state in the United States. So, there's a lot of untapped potential for the market, which will benefit our competitors, ourselves, and the convention center at large.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. We spend probably, Dan what – I would say the majority of the discussions we have at the board level is that over the past several years, we've been good forecasters internally of our business. We've laid out a rolling five-year plan to our board over the past many years. And fortunately for us, we've been executing on that five-year plan. So the board is – this is not a new discussion to the board. We've discussed what we're going to do and how we evolve our investment decisions as we go from 2014 to 2015, 2015 to 2016, 2016 to 2017 and beyond. And it is the board's belief that we have high confidence in where our numbers are going over the next three years. We see our competitive position in our marketplace. We think we have a better understanding than most of the macro dynamics within the markets in which we currently operate. We are very confident in our property positioning. We have no looming capital needs, no deferred maintenance, no projects that we put on hold that need to be jumpstarted. Our capital spend is very well defined, and will be very, very highly scrutinized by our board over the next several years. We have no interest in building for growth's sake, and we have no interest in expanding for expansion's sake. We like what we own. We like the markets that we're in. And in order for us to get attracted to anything else it has to be outsized in terms of its potential return to shareholders. So, with that in mind, if we know where we are in a market – in all our markets, and we know very clearly what we believe our capital expenditures will be, and we have this stated goal of being in the 3 to 4 times leverage range, which we're knocking on that door, then the logical discussion evolves to what you do with that excess free cash. And we concluded that the first best use of that was to institute the quarterly dividend and expect that that dividend will grow over time. But share repurchase clearly has been something we've discussed at the board level for three years. It is not a matter of if we are going to do that, it's a matter of when we do it. And I would say that a board as engaged as ours, that spends as much time on this as our board does, that meets us often as we do a year, about eight times a year, we will have constant updates for you. As of right now, here in April, we believe that our path is well-understood and that we are using the cash that we have appropriately. And that share repurchase today, this day, is not the right idea. But, we do believe that it is our job to return the capital that we are generating to our owners. And that's going to be making sure that we grow our revenues and cash flow. Making sure our competitive advantages are there. Making sure that we have a fortress balance sheet that will protect us against any unforeseen event. And making sure that we have the ability to return the capital in the form of dividends and share repurchase in the future.
James Joseph Murren: So, we get the point. We're going to watch it, quarter-to-quarter, but we did a lot of work on this and we've gone back over the last three years to five years, and that's a right amount of range. We might be able to tighten it up and, hopefully, move it up at some point.
James Joseph Murren: We do. Yeah. The biggest change from that deck is the shift of the opening of Cotai, Felicia. But operationally, we remain on track.
James Joseph Murren: I'll start. So, the way we were able to upsize it and get it done so quickly is to create top-down focus in this whole organization. It wasn't an initiative that was sidelined by a handful of people, it was pervasive throughout the entire organization. And there's no one here at this company that is not acutely aware of what we've been doing, now I'm talking tens of thousands of people. So, it takes a very coordinated effort, it also takes a very focused effort in the project management office, that has since its inception been led by Jeff Gebben, who is a rock star. And – so, we went into this with good guidance from other companies that are Fortune 100 companies that really helped us a lot. We went in this with good guidance with Bain as our consultant. And we have really taken it on-board as a change of our lifestyle here. And it has led to not only what you saw financially, but it has led to a morale accelerator here and really a cultural boost. And so, we believe that this is a program that's now just part of our life. As it relates to what it means for the future, we – as we said, we think we understand our business quite well and we're expecting 50 basis point to 100 basis point increase in our margins against a pretty good year in 2016. And we don't think we're going to end there. We expect and would be disappointed if we can't grow margins every year over the next three years or four years because we continuously find ways to do our business better. And so, I don't know where this journey is going to end, but it's not going to end this year and I expect continued leadership in our industry in terms of margin, in terms of the absolute margin, and the growth of the margin.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. So, when we were on the road with the MGP road show, we – last year, we tackled this question. We said that it was our best guess at that time that the most appropriate time to discuss a transaction between MGM and MGP would have been after you have a couple quarters of operations. So, that both companies can properly underwrite what the right valuation would be. And I think that's exactly are the timetable that we're on today. National Harbor has done everything and a bit more than we had hoped it to do when we built it last year. The trajectory is exactly what we would have hoped to see. The upside is very apparent to us in terms of its cash flow potential and the real estate value of the asset is unquestionably pristine. And so, I would expect that we would hold to that time table that we discussed on the road show and start having robust discussions this year as early as the third quarter.
James Joseph Murren: Yeah. So, I think that as an MGP shareholder. I like the scarcity value, and I like my position, but we do believe that MGP would benefit from and would be definitely benefiting from more liquidity and that is absolutely a goal of MGP is to increase its public float and it will do so because James Stewart who I'm looking at and Andy are aggressive young men and they're out on the prowl and they will be acquiring assets, and I'm sure they will be acquiring assets that MGM Resorts has nothing to do with. And they will be raising equity to do that. I also believe that even in a transaction with MGM Resorts, it's something that MGM Resorts should look at and allow for us to return cash to our shareholders rather than take back OP units just as a matter of course. And so, I think that between the ROFO assets, which we can always tailor in terms of our consideration, in terms of OP units or cash, and third-party transactions, the public float of MGP will go up pretty profoundly over the next several years without MGM Resorts having to or wanting to do a secondary just for secondary's sake. And so, I think that the objectives of the investors that would like to see more public floated MGP will be achieved through what I believe to be very substantial growth in that company and growth that will be done with the balance sheet rigor that Andy and James have promised.
James Joseph Murren: Good. And thank you, Robin. I'd add. It's Jim. Grant and I were together with senior officials only recently; we got very good feedback, not only about our Cotai project, which is really – I hope you had a chance to take a look at some of the run. It is really coming out beautifully. And it is going to open this year in the fourth quarter and probably right around – right after Golden Week, probably. But it's going to open this year for sure and it's going to be very spectacular. And there's a high-degree of enthusiasm in China and in Macau for that opening, as well as the continuation of MGM's presence in the marketplace. So, we feel that's critical to us, particularly as MGM is spending increasing time in the region as we go from Macau over to Japan, where I seem to be about every month, Bill. And when I'm not there, you're there.
James Joseph Murren: And, look – and maybe that's a good way to finish this. Japan, as we all know, is the largest potential opportunity that has been presented to gaming operators globally. It has the promise of being a spectacular market and all indications are that the government is moving deliberately toward the ultimate passage of the implementation act, which would lead us into an RFP period. There is all kinds of game theory around this in terms of how this is going to play out, and some actually believe they have the "pole" position. But I could say a few things very confidently. One is that MGM is extremely active in the country, that our values, our track record of being great partners, whether it's at CityCenter, or National Harbor, or Macau, is well received. Our ability to design and deliver architecturally iconic, culturally relevant, and environmentally-friendly resorts has not been lost on everybody that we have talked to in Japan. And we believe that this is going to be the most competitive process that the gaming industry globally has ever undertaken, and that the only thing we can promise our shareholders is that we are going to outwork everybody. And we think we have as good a chance, if not a better chance, than anyone. But make no mistake, when the questions were talked about throughout this call about capital allocation, this company is running this company to grow its cash flows to create that fortress balance sheet to maximize our free cash, and will not distract itself on other gaming opportunities, other growth opportunities that would derail what we believe to be the single greatest potential opportunity that we are fortunate enough now to have the balance sheet, the operating expertise, the scale, the development and operations people and the brands to be able to be a leader, at least a leader in that competitive bidding process. And that is we got our eye on that prize and we're not going to lose sight of that. So, with that, I think, we've come to our end. We all – as always, appreciate the participation. And we'll all be here to answer any follow-up questions that you may have and please enjoy your day. Thank you.
Corey I. Sanders: Sure, Joe. It looks pretty big and similar to few years ago when CONEXPO rotated out. We actually are in a similar spot to where we are this year. We're a little bit behind in the first quarter, but we're really comfortable that we'll be able to fill that spot there for CONEXPO. But in general, the rest of the quarters are actually looking very comparable to where we are today.
Corey I. Sanders: And, Joe, here in Las Vegas, as we pointed out, I think, it was last fall, we started to see players coming back into the market. The most recent data point is really around Chinese New Year. So we had a really good showing around Chinese New Year with our customers in terms of numbers and volume up this Chinese New Year versus last year. And as you recall, the last couple of Chinese New Year's periods, we're actually down and we were down double-digits against each of the prior years. So, we have seen that pick up recently with respect to play coming out of China and Asia, broadly speaking, which is a good sign.
Corey I. Sanders: Over the last few quarters, we've been really focused on that. We actually shifted probably about 2% into that FIT channel. We haven't talked about this in a long time but, actually, the premium in that channel compared to the leisure channel, could be anywhere from $30 to $60 depending on the season of the year. So, with the convention base, it allows us to do it. When you look at Microsoft has done for us now in the third quarter, we're actually ahead of convention room nights on the books compared to the prior year now with that. So, it's allowed us to solidify our base. Our convention rate actually is a little higher now which should hopefully allow us to yield our rates up a little better than normal. Just as a reminder, summer times are – there's peak times when there's decent convention business, and where there's not, it's a – we'll always fill the rooms but the rate's always a little bit of a challenge.
Corey I. Sanders: So, on Detroit, they've been rolling out programs consistently with our PGP initiatives. And there's still some opportunities there. They're probably a little bit behind. With the Borgata acquisition, we've matched up all our initiatives with what they could potentially achieve. And yes, we are seeing results from those in the first quarter. And we expect to see results from them throughout the year.
Corey I. Sanders: On National Harbor margins, yeah, we think there's a lot of opportunities there to improve them, stabilize. The workforce is stabilized now which is a positive thing now. It's matching forecasts with volumes and implementing some PGP initiatives there that we probably delayed for their opening to make sure that they could execute for their opening.
Corey I. Sanders: And what I would add is continuous improvement is now part of our culture, and it's actually part of our compensation plans and everything else. All of our executives are bonused on it. We have a list of initiatives we could constantly and continue to work on that have some pretty good size. And with the change in technology and the advancement in analytics and eventually AI, there's probably numerous opportunities out there to constantly find new ways to make additional EBITDA. The great thing about the PMO office is it gives us the structure to sustain what we have already achieved, but also continue then look for new opportunities which some we could accelerate because they're easier, and some are a little bit harder, but there's still opportunities out there.
Grant R. Bowie: Sure. I'll start. I think, Joe, what we're seeing, let's start to talk about China itself. If you start looking at consumer trends in China, there is clearly momentum building in the consumer products market. If you look at some of the areas that the Chinese use as their own indicators, they're starting to improve. There's starting to be some momentum. We're clearly starting to see it coming into Macau, and that's all very positive for us. And I think to your point about geopolitical issues, I think that hopefully that those people within China will play within China. But I think, if they're going to travel, and obviously that's probably something that Jim and Corey and Dan, et cetera, can have a view on, but they're also seeing the United States as a positive destination, too. So, all of the indicators at the moment within China are positive. And I see most of the issues that we see in the world being positive for Macau, certainly.
Grant R. Bowie: Yes, Robin. There was some, about $3 million, but that was – that's relatively small within the bigger scheme of things.
Grant R. Bowie: Well, I think, the bottom line is as far as we're concerned, we are working on the renewal every day. And I think that's what's really important. And the most important component of the renewal process for us is getting Cotai opened successfully, demonstrating our commitment to the marketplace and continuing to develop all those things we're looking at. From everything we are hearing, all the gaming concessionaires are obviously very focused on meeting the expectations of the government. But at the same time, I don't see that there is much of an incentive for the government to move too quickly on the other side of that agenda. But I think there is no indications that we've seen or heard, that suggests that there will be significant changes to existing conditions. However, we all need to work on it every day and we just need to commit ourselves to delivering on the expectations that have been set for us.
