Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Jamie, and good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts fourth quarter and full-year 2016 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in the press release, which is also available on our website. Please note that our supplemental earnings deck is posted on our website which we hope you will continue to find helpful. Finally note, this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: John, for us the focus is on margins as Jim pointed out, is really to kind of zero-in on the overall margin, because the flow through depending on where that incremental dollar is coming from and what source, it is going to shift and really our goal here is to take this 30% margin and kind of drive it to the next level, which is 31% and hopefully over the next two years, we're in that 31% to 32% margin. So, really that's the focus that we continue to keep the management team focused on and driving a goal here as an organization.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And I think from a mix standpoint, Joe, it's probably similar to what you saw from 2015 to 2016 and we're moving that from 18.5% to kind of 19%, and the goal would be to get into that low to mid 19% of convention mix in 2017.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Harry, this is Dan. That seems fair, overall, obviously the last – the back half of 2015 and all of 2016 benefited from PGP, which is an important factor in driving a lot of that EBITDA growth as well. But I think that – I think, your analysis is pretty fair.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think when you look at it – I think our – with our cash flows continuing to grow, that's obviously in the calculation, the biggest driver. I think from an overall debt perspective, goal is to continue to reduce debt with free cash flow. But I think, we can continue to drive down leverage, as we bring National Harbor on, as we get the free cash flow – free cash flow from Borgata this year, continue to grow our same-store cash flows. I think, that in of itself will be the biggest driver of decreasing the leverage.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Here in the U.S., yes, debt gets reduced through in the U.S. obviously, China is still – from a consolidated standpoint, China is still finishing up Cotai. So if you look at – if you look at the U.S. debt, that would come down.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Hey, Shaun, this is Dan. Overall, we still feel pretty confident about the pace that we're on. I think, the one – the one thing that needs to be kind of factored into that analysis is obviously with the announcement that Cotai is shifting to and moving to later this year in the back half. That assumed a kind of second quarter opening of Cotai. So I think that's a key component as you think through that Investor Day model that would need to be adjusted for this year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah, to me that's the major one that comes to mind and everything else is pretty minor in terms of the puts and takes.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think gaming is going to actually go up. I think, as Jim mentioned, we're just coming turning on our marketing engines. We're really – the table games numbers have been substantially exceeding the market, the slot numbers are also exceeding, but we think there's opportunities there to go up. The food and beverage numbers are really solid right now. So what I would envision is probably more gaming revenue as a percentage.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah. We've got something to bring online, longer-term, more retail outlets, some more things, but we feel pretty good about directionally where we're headed.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure. Hi, Stephen, this is Dan D'Arrigo. So on the leverage front, I think pro forma for National Harbor and Borgata, leverage at the end of the year is roughly around 4.4 times. So I think the goal is to continue to get that into a range of 3% to 4% – 3 times to 4 times, I'm sorry, and continue to get that number down. So, we've made a lot of progress, but we're not where we want to be just yet, and I would say the ultimate goal is to be at this steady run rate over the next couple of years in that 3 times to 3.5 times.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure, yeah I think, Stephen as you get to the slide deck, I think as we talked about earlier, the – later in the year, third quarter is probably our toughest RevPAR comp in 2017 versus 2016. That was up about 11% in 2016 over 2015. The – we'll have the contribution from Borgata all year and National Harbor as well, as that continues to ramp up. There is the calendar shifts to be mindful of through the course of the year as well, and one of the other items that's a little bit unusual, but to just point out is, this is the year that our golden ticket in, ticket out patent runs out. And so, we'll have some impact over at the MGM Grand who owned that patent for years. They'll have some impact by about $10 million or $11 million in cash flow this year from the royalties going away with that patent expiring. So, I think, those are kind of the key 2017 issues.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And February has a one less day in the – and the way the calendar actually works benefited the entire hospitality network in 2016 just the way leap year and the calendar fell, it actually increased RevPAR here in the U.S. overall just based on that unique calendar from 2016.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure. So, we actually prior to our National Harbor opening, Anton Nikodemus, who is in-charge of our regional offices has been coordinating and working with Tom Ballance quite a bit. Actually Tom is going to be in National Harbor in the next few days. They do some really good things at Borgata that we think not only can help us at National Harbor but also all of our regional operations. It's a little early to get the benefit, mainly because they're not quite on M life yet. But, once they're on that, then they'll be able to cross market pretty significantly we think. And so, we do think there is opportunities there.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: There is a little bit of a benefit obviously with the shift. But let us get you the right number there.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: There's also a shift in some of our in-house conventions, one or two that move from February to March this year from a scheduling standpoint. So, not only CON/AGG, but a couple of our own internal shifts and timing is making March look exceptionally strong and a little bit weaker in February, because of that one or two convention move from February to March this year versus last year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah, happy to. It's really a timing issue Robin, in terms of what we did was we took a step back as we initiated some of our marketing efforts from a consolidation standpoint. In late 2015, early 2016, we took a step back, we wanted to play out and look at where we're spending our advertising and marketing dollars. We also had a new campaign rolling out that we're working on from a branding standpoint at not only corporate but the property level. And really wanted to make sure, we're spending the right amount of money in the right channels. And so from a year-over-year standpoint, we're pretty consistent in terms of our spend. It's really a timing issue that hits the fourth quarter as we start to look at our branding and marketing campaigns heading into 2017.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yeah, we did. I mean, that convention business obviously is very high margin business. We were able to actually replace a lot of those rooms by leveraging our database and with the goal of driving profitability and less worried about margin. I think from that exercise what we've learned is, that database is golden. We've learned a lot of things that were positive, then we learned some things that we could do better in future quarters. What we replaced those rooms with were definitely a lower margin profitable business.
James Joseph Murren: So, to answer your question, Joe, yes. We're trying to get away, so you can see Dan talking about is trying to get away from flow through every quarter, but the math works that way exactly, yes.
James Joseph Murren: And Shaun, I'll just add to that, it's Jim. Yes, the answer is yes. It's that we're frustrated with ourselves about the articulation of the quarter, the fourth quarter because we had a very strong year. Exactly the kind of the year, in fact, better year than we expected when we had in fact that Investor Day last summer. So, we are on track on all the operating metrics that we had worked on for several weeks leading up to that Investor Day. We're on track to achieve our goals right now, in the current quarter in 2017 and beyond.
James Joseph Murren: Well, the margins are on track to what we had expected. We expected low-20%s in terms of EBITDAR, remember we're renting land there, EBITDAR margins. I think that's what we had in the fourth quarter as well, right. And so, low-20%s, normalizing to the mid-20%s, as we continue to stabilize the labor that is always the issue that impacts margins early on. The revenue numbers have been really wonderful both on the gaming and non-gaming side. And, as I said earlier, we're only scratching the surface in terms of loyalty marketing, casino marketing. It's been a remarkable success from a customer perspective, and the margins are improving. So, we are very pleased. And in fact, we're capacity constrained, particularly on the weekends, particularly on Saturday night. So we have some tweaks on the profit margin side, and the expense side that we're drilling through, but I can't say enough about how happy we are with the opening, with the customer feedback, with the revenue, with the current margin levels, and our projection for increased margins.
James Joseph Murren: In terms of cap. Thank you, Dan. In terms of capital allocation and returning value to shareholders, we did spend about two years on this hoping that we'd have the day that we're having now, which is discussing returning capital to shareholders. And so we looked at share repurchases, and special dividends, and quarterly dividends, and then within the context of quarterly dividends, we did a very deep dive into what the precedent transactions were for companies that are initiating a quarterly dividend. And the average yield coming out of the box for companies that are initiating the quarterly dividend is 1.3%. And we looked at that, we looked at what the lodging peers were doing and we looked at our free cash flow. And that's how we settled on the $0.11 in the first quarter and the yield out of the box that we're referring to. I think we also heard from our shareholders and we believe at the Board that you want to be able to have an opportunity to grow that dividend over time. And, we believe given our forecasts internally on free cash flow, we'll be able to do that. On top of that. I think, it's important to note that CityCenter, our 50% joint venture, that didn't get a lot of press today even though it had a record year last year, is sitting on a ton of cash right now. We have dividend cash back to the owners, Infinity World and MGM before, we'll likely do it again. And so, is also the case, once we open up MGM Cotai, the opportunity of future expanded dividends at MGM China. The expectation at this time is, if these events occur, which we expect that they will, we'll be able to move that cash back to the MGM Resorts owners, the owners of those assets in the form of increased dividends, increased quarterly dividends. And, at some point in time, we may view other options in terms of returning value to shareholders. But, at this time, what we believe after the analysis that we did, given what we believe to be rapidly accelerating free cash over the next several years, we'll be able to achieve our ratings objectives, our leverage objectives that Dan referenced, while still growing our business, improving our business, increasing our margins and profits, and increasing the amount of capital that we can return to our shareholders in the form of quarterly dividends.
James Joseph Murren: Three years. I mean, the cost has only gone up about 11% in the three-year period, which most of the guys over there would have loved to have had. So, yeah, we're comfortable with this budget, there is a little bit of increase because of the time of when we're opening this, but we're willing to take that increase because of the time, because we want to make sure it's a good product when it does open this year.
James Joseph Murren: I mean, the big driver obviously is CON/AGG in March. The RevPAR number in March is going to be enormous.
James Joseph Murren: And what I would add also Robin is, there were a few projects that were capital in nature, but expense-type projects clean up like the Marina at that had to get done in the fourth quarter. Even with those increases I mentioned, our total expense per occupied room is only up 0.004%.
James Joseph Murren: Okay. Well, I know you have some other questions. Thank you all for joining us today. We've taken more than your allotted time and look forward to chatting with you soon. Take care.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. Joe, on the convention side as Jim mentioned we're going to have a – we're expecting to have a record year again in 2017. We are to that point where we're maximizing that space pretty high right now. So we'll even – we'll be up 2017 to 2016 about 3%, but in general now it's more about the quality of what we're putting in the space and the total spend of that group including catering and banquet and less about how much are we ahead because we have such a solid base.
Corey I. Sanders: Yeah. It's interesting, as we look at every quarter, we constantly are looking at all of our expenses, including our payroll. And in particular, even in the fourth quarter when it felt a little tough, absolutely when we look at it compared to an expense per occupied room we're only up like 0.004%. And we're actually down over a two-year period over 1.6%, we're down over 1,100 FTEs from last year alone. So, we're constantly managing that expense, we're constantly watching it, and that with the additional revenue will only mean that flow through will continue to come through.
Corey I. Sanders: Robin, excuse me, jump in. The budget increases, we're going to keep guidance from 3.1% to 3.3% how we have been looking at it. But there is some cushion in that, it's the way we have to trend up on the $100 million increments. And so that is new guidance. Obviously, the complexity time does cost some funding. We still think we'll be better off in the long run. We have every assurance, so we're not going to give a specific date yet because we do ultimately want to get into more detail with our contractor, we'd like to meet with the government around the process of licensing and approvals before we can peg a date specific. That being said, we will definitely be open, in our mind, in the fourth quarter. And so, the idea of contingency into 2018, while always something we'll consider, it's something we're not contemplating right now.
Grant R. Bowie: You said it. I think, the critical point is, and you know – you and I've had conversations about this. We've been working for some time, as long as we've been building – building out our capabilities to drive acquisition. I think, it's very clear that, that it's not feasible to simply grow off the backs of taking share from others. And that's where we're building a plan of many components leading up to the Cotai, but more importantly driving forward after Cotai. We are very specific in certain targeted markets, where we think we can be stronger. We're also very specific in terms of certain channels that we believe that we can create opportunity for ourselves. And the biggest challenge of all with dealing with China, and the diversity and the non-gaming activities is that – it's not about marketing to China, it's about targeting certain population centers, consumer and centers which have certain consumer characteristics. And so that's really where we're focusing ourselves on and then it all comes together because you got to have an attractive component of product within the facility that we think would be attractive and not just be considered as a me-too, and those are the issues that we're really focusing our attention on to provide that attraction and appeal. And last of all, the great strength is we're going to be moving nearly 40% of the team we have from this property into Cotai, because what's really important is that we can have equal levels of commitments to the MGM's service excellence. So, in fact, when we're recruiting, we're probably recruiting as many people back into this property, so that that can release talent that we have to make sure that we can maintain the commitment, because at the end of the day, we really don't care which MGM they go to, as long as it's MGM, and as long as we can increase that share of wallet of our existing customers, and then obviously attract and retain those new customers we're looking for. So I hope that helps.
Grant R. Bowie: I think as Jim said in his opening address, we have a board meeting coming up in March, that's obviously one of the big topics for us to go through at that time and we'll certainly have more clarity around that time.
Grant R. Bowie: It's all those challenges that you have in any complex property is, we are creating some very unique first-time installations here and we are going to get them right, we need to get them right, we're just going to put the time and effort into get it. We're pretty comfortable that the market conditions are suiting us at the back half of the year, and we just think this is the right thing to do.
