Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us this afternoon. We’re excited to be speaking to you given the significant progress that we’ve observed in COVID trends, vaccination, consumer sentiment, and state by state operating restrictions throughout the quarter. Since we last spoke in mid February, our domestic business has improved significantly and the work we’ve done has allowed us to maximize the pace of our recovery while positioning us for long-term sustainable growth. As business trends improved, we remain focused on our long-term vision to be the premier gaming entertainment company in the world. Our strategy for achieving this vision centers on four strategic focus areas, first investing in our people and planet, providing fun and inspiring experiences for our guests, delivering operational excellence at every level and allocating our capital to drive the highest return for our shareholders. I thought it might be helpful to provide an update on each of these focus areas before turning to the details of our first quarter performance and our outlook for the rest of the year. Our people and planet strategy is part of everything this company does. At the pinnacle of this strategy is the investment in our amazing people reflecting on the past year to say that’s been tough would simply be an understatement. But throughout the year, our employees have been the one consistent bright spot across the organization. I am humbled and awed their dedication, their hard work and resilience in the face of unprecedented uncertainty. That is why I’m so passionate about the investment in them. We got through this because of their consistent commitment to this company and ultimately our guests.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. Obviously, we’re very pleased with the improving operating environment domestically and remain diligent in aggressively managing our operating model and our cost structure. I’m optimistic about the long-term recovery of all of our markets and I believe that MGM Resorts is well positioned to then gain share. I’m also excited about BetMGM’s positioning in the rapidly growing U.S. sports betting and gaming market. And as Jonathan mentioned, we remain laser focused on pursuing other long-term – our long-term vision. I’d like to end my comments where we started by acknowledging and thanking our employees across the world for the continued dedication to this company and their enduring efforts to provide the best experience for our guests. Our people are simply the best and to them I say, thank you. With that, I’ll open this up for questioning.
Bill Hornbuckle: Joe, I’ll turn this over to Corey who studies it intimately with a commercial team, but the answer is yes, but Corey…
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. Joe, again, I’ll kick this off and turn it over to Corey. I mean, the good news for us is May 1. The County is going to relinquish here in Las Vegas the requirements so that people now can be three feet apart and no masks. And that we can go to 80% occupancy. So it unleashes restaurants, most importantly, one of our biggest restrictors has been the pools. At Mandalay, we had to restrict occupancy late March through spring break and into April because of the six foot requirement, the mass requirement. By Saturday, that basically in those environments goes away. We’ve got to monitor the three feet, but all things being equal that opens it up dramatically and then coming June 1 all things being equal. And we can demonstrate that the County has gotten 60% of its people vaccinated, all of the restrictions go away. And so when you talk about and hear about the things, we talked about the entertainment. The pent-up demand is been incredible. We had a Dave Chappelle show go on sale on Monday. It sold out in one day. You heard my UFC story. We had a DJ for next year Baby Bunny, or whatever the – Bad Bunny. That’s how much I know about Baby Bunny. But Bad Bunny, 45,000 people waiting in queue to buy tickets. And so the point is, I think come June 1 and July 1 and beyond, this year irrespective of group activity, which will be strong, is going to be a push to accommodate if you will. As it relates to next year, maybe Corey can speak a little more about the groups. So Thomas, I think your question was, when do we get to low 90s in that? And I think it will be dependent on a normal consistent group business coming back. We’ll start seeing things in the third quarter here with world of concrete, which we’ll know – we know is going to come in a little lower. It is their high season. It’s right in the middle of their busy season and there’ll be back in January. So we expect that to be a pretty good conference. Back half of the year, we have some pleased decent size groups at Mandalay Bay. And the current understanding is some groups are coming in a little lower than normal, and some may be coming out a little higher, but until we have some normalcy there, I think we’ll have a challenge of hitting that 90%. I think the encouraging news CS just announced they’ll be back in January. Hopefully, they come at full scale. And with any luck, if people get more comfortable with the meeting business and the social distancing gets relapsed, I think there’s a chance, a slight chance early 2022, we could start seeing 90% occupancies. Well, if you were to ask this last quarter, you did ask us last quarter, we said the back half of the year, I think we’re changing that feeling. It’s the first half of the year. The only real exception to that based on everything we said might be international business. And that’s obviously for us in integral and important, but that aside, we feel pretty optimistic about coming back to the first half of the year.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, I would say this, and Corey is the operator, but I can’t help myself, I used to be. The first three weeks that this thing really took off in the middle of March, we got caught off guard. If you asked us today, we probably have 1,300 openings. If you asked us in the middle of 2019, how many openings we have at any given moment, it’s about 1,300, 1,400. And so it just the velocity of how quickly it came back. I think over the next 60 days or teams have done a great job in responding. And I think you’ll see us get back to the place where particularly service levels are where they want and need to be. Because we’ll be able to staff up, there is a couple of holes.
Bill Hornbuckle: No, look, I think on the former the cost cuts, where every bit confident based on what we know today and we know a whole lot more than when we started this. That the $450 million is going to hold, and we feel really, really good about that. We think this operating structure we put around that work is working and frankly working better than it was. And so we feel really good about that. The other – the international problem, part of it was about simply getting liquidity out of the market and getting it to here back to Las Vegas. Part of it was the market itself and it was falling off slightly particularly the China-based business that will depend more on Macau than anything else and how it recovers, how we reestablish our pipeline there. It’s going to be interesting what happens in 2022, Genting will come into the market, but Sands will presumably get out of the market at least with the direct connectivity to Macau and Singapore. And so we – there’s a new competitor and potentially somebody falling out overtime. And so it’s probably a net neutral. It just really gets down to liquidity and the ability of tourists from China and gamers from China, getting cash out and into Macau and potentially here to Las Vegas. And so I think you’re thinking about the right way though. We got pretty beaten up in 2019 there.
Bill Hornbuckle: I do see it as being core to the story. The company had embarked on, I think a well-thought-out program that was then truncated in many ways by the pandemic. And it was certainly a good thing as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that the company had the liquidity, it did during 2020, but really having seen the results that we’re seeing in a confidence in the remainder of the year. I certainly think it’s high time to return to that. Now, we’re not going to commit to any specific magnitude. It kind of depends on how things proceed during the course of the year, but I certainly believe our shares are attractively valued and that return of our capital to shareholders is going to be an important and ongoing part of our capital allocation program.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, Chad, I’ll turn this over to Hubert, but I think he’s got some good news on the May weekend. So, go ahead Hubert.
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure. I’ll start with Japan. Not much has really changed since the last quarter. There is still a submission deadline, July, I think it’s 20th of this year for an RFP. It’s our company’s intent to do that. They had opened it up. We have been able to work with Japan and the City of Osaka of note on some of the criteria given COVID, given the requirements and frankly we’re able to enhance them and improve them to the point of they’ve reopened it back up for about three weeks. There were no new participants. And so we stand as the lone entrant in that process, starting in July, it believe – believe it will be then determined by the national government in June and the following year where the three locations will be anointed. And that’s to be determined obviously at that what had happens. You all know that Japan last couple weeks went back into lockdown. So, it’s tenuous in some respects, but we are still very focused on it. We intend to hopefully apply in July if in fact that happens. New York is obviously more immediate. Nothing is simple, particularly there in the context of understanding what was done. As of now, we have until June 10, until the legislature closes. We are hoping to keep it in the governor’s budget. It didn’t make it, but we have a good reason to believe. I was literally there on Monday with some of our team talking to legislators at all about the process. And we hope to get from an RFI to an ultimately an RFP process that would happen later this year. We remain optimistic. We liked obviously our position there too early to tell exactly what we might do. It would depend on if there are two or three entrance. Ultimately, what the tax would be, et cetera, et cetera, but both of those remain on our radar and we’re zeroed in on around those timeframes.
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure. David. It’s been a process that the company has taken over time – over now a period of a few years. There’s no particular gating items just that we’ll look to monetize that stake potentially over time when we think that the opportunity is right for us to do so. So it’s balancing the yield that we have from that investment with MGP, with the other uses that we have for that capital. One other consideration that, of course we think about is the clarity of the story and the investment thesis behind MGM Resorts and our shareholders investing in MGP through MGM Resorts and they to be better served by being able to invest in MGP directly. So I think it’s a process, one that we advanced further during the first quarter. But as it relates to where we go from here I’m not going to really speculate on the magnitude or the timing.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. I would say roughly compared to kind of pre 2019 levels probably about 300 basis points or so 300 to 400 basis points of savings.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, Stephen, Bill. So, we have spent a great deal of time trying to study what moves the needle and what doesn’t. And we’ve identified. We think some opportunity with high-end retail business, not surely in garment business, but high-end retail business, non-gaming some regional movement from regional players to Las Vegas to take better opportunity of the players. We already have some activity around BetMGM and making sure we secure those players and some other ideas there. And it is around part of its around the digital transformation, part of its around getting some of our tech debt resolved so that we have an environment that’s ripe and ready to do those kinds of things. And so we’re going to lean in with teams. We’re going to lean in with investment over the next three or four years. We obviously during the pandemic put the vast majority of that on stand down we went like, hell as you know, to get some of the things completed because of the pandemic mobile check-in and some of the other digital opportunities. But now it’s going to be really about what’s the customer experience. What’s the focused on the high-end. How do we drive more share, how do we drive more wallet and things of that nature. And we’re going to lean into that side of the business to help us do those things.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, I think it depends on the market. I think Atlantic City, those numbers are published. You can see they’re fairly consistent. Some actually turned up their promotions at the beginning of the pandemic, the other markets; I think you see more rational type performance and just listening to our competitors. It seems like that is the way they’re going to run their business. So I think some of it is definitely sustainable market-by-market as you pick it up.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you. Operator. Just a couple of thoughts as we, as we leave the call and thank you all for your attendance today. Look, obviously you can sense we have a great deal of optimism for where we are and where we’re going. There’s been huge pent-up demand, and we see it. We see it here with activity around major events. And so we’re very excited about the summer and fall. I think you heard us say, I hope you heard us say, we think the regional’s returned to 2019 levels by end of year. And I hope you heard us say come the first half versus the second half, save international. We think we’re going to be back to 2019 levels here in Las Vegas. But MGM continues to amaze. We’re very excited by where we are great kudos to that team. A billion dollars of NGR in 2022 is compelling. If you think about what we were about six months ago and Macau, we still have and continue to have long-term aspirations and hopes for the market returning this year, we, we see of it now in the May holiday. And so we’re excited by that. And then ultimately I think we’ve got enough maturity now around our 2020 plan and business that the 450 we committed to is very real and we’re going to deliver on that. And so, we’re excited by where we are. We’re excited by taking his job and put earlier, you know, we’re conservative approach to capital allocation, and now going out and thinking about the true growth of the company and the kinds of places to do with whether it’s in Asia or digital or some other place know that we’re excited by that. And we’re excited by raising the bar here and across the portfolio in terms of service and the service deliverable we want, and we’ll do a much better job on that. So thank you for your attendance. I hope you all have a great evening.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks a lot Bill. Let’s first discuss the first quarter results. Our consolidated first quarter 2021 revenues were $1.6 billion, better than our fourth quarter’s $1.5 billion, and our net loss attributable to MGM Resorts was $332 million. Our first quarter adjusted EBITDAR improved sequentially to $218 million, heavily driven by our domestic operations. Our Las Vegas Strip net revenues in the first quarter were $545 million, a 14% increase from the fourth quarter. Adjusted property EBITDAR was $108 million, double that of the fourth quarter, and our margins sequentially improved 860 basis points to 20%, driven by the significant pickup in leisure and casino demand, coupled with cost control and the operating leverage inherent in our business. Hold had a fairly insignificant impact this quarter. Our first quarter Strip occupancy was 46% compared to 38% in the fourth quarter. With each month improving through the quarter, we exited the first quarter with March occupancy at 62%. Weekends were at 85 and week days were at 52 due to the lack of group business midweek. Occupancy has continued to grow in April. Our Las Vegas Strip occupancy through last weekend was approximately 73%. Our first quarter regional net revenues increased 19% sequentially to $711 million from the fourth quarter.  Adjusted property EBITDAR increased 53% over the fourth quarter as well to $242 million. Our first quarter regional margins grew sequentially by an impressive 738 basis points to about 34%.  Our domestic margin growth is a testament to all of the great work that our teams have put into maximizing the effectiveness of our operating model and rethink how we run our business. This ranges from marketing reinvestment to procurement, from energy utilization to management. And the breadth of our efforts gives me confidence that we’ll deliver on the $450 million of domestic cost savings which we previously identified. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Joe, it’s Jonathan. We’re not going to provide EBITDAR numbers month by month, but it is certainly true that the business accelerated starting around mid-February, particularly in Las Vegas. Just when thinking about the margins, when you consider where we were in January, where we had a couple of our big businesses here in Las Vegas closed during the mid week. We changed those practices right at the beginning of March with the demand growing. And so really when in Las Vegas, when we had that level of demand against those fixed costs, and then even started being able to yield the rooms in Las Vegas, it really had a pretty dramatic impact on the company’s earnings generation. And the regional markets, the change through the quarter was not as pronounced. But we did see relaxing operating restrictions in many of those markets as we got into March as well as just overall aggregate demand. So we did want to – it relates to the occupancy numbers coming out of March, we exited a lot higher than we started March and that’s continued through April.
Jonathan Halkyard: Shaun, it’s Jonathan and I think it’s a very good question. It’s one we’ve been studying quite a lot. We are right now operating these businesses with demand in the past 30, 45 days particularly in Las Vegas, primarily against gaming and hotel revenue streams or end cost structures. What – the parts of the business, which where the capacity has not yet grown like it has in the hotel and the casino floor is in some of the profitable, but lower margin businesses food and beverage particularly things like entertainment and even some of the services that are really important and can be margin impacting like valet parking and the like. So that we’re going to see those costs come back. They will be – we expect them to be EBITDA accretive, but potentially margin dilutive, but it’s important because they add to the full suite of offerings that we provide. So the flow through really has been strong because in some ways these businesses in Las Vegas have been presenting the kind of – almost the kind of revenue profile that many of our regional business did. So I think that there is – I’m firmly of the belief that these businesses can over the long-term, both the regional and the Las Vegas businesses delivery, but the margins over 30% we had regional businesses in the first quarter that delivered margins everywhere from 25% to 50% for the quarter. So we certainly intend on securing the gains that we’ve made in the cost structure, but there will be some give back as we add to the full level of amenities that we can provide.
Jonathan Halkyard: Carlo, my only comment was the – I think you said 4.9 and liquidity. I think that number is far off of that one.
Jonathan Halkyard: This is Jonathan. I was also going to add it. It’s stimulus checks aside. It’s – I think it’s undeniable that sentiment has just improved dramatically as well as some real changes in operating restrictions in our business together with what we think are just a fantastic product and service that we’re offering with our teams. So it’s certainly a combination of events that we think has led to this demand improvement.
Jonathan Halkyard: Barry, I would say this. Texas is of course of interest, presumably you know it, didn’t get through the legislative session. So at the very least the discussion is two years away, but as it was defined there, the four big cities, one of them would be something potentially down the road we’re interested in. Florida is complicated as you know, and we are watching that closely. Obviously, the governor just made a deal with the tribe. And so we’ll see how that pans out, both in the context of land-based as well as sports betting. Georgia is probably not any immediate horizon. And obviously we spend a great deal of time and energy there. We know the marketplace well. It have to be under the right circumstance. And Chicago is just complicated. The history there in Chicago, the tax and the notion of integrated resort at scale don’t necessarily marry up. And while I think they’ve had some improvement. We’re not overly keen or focused at this point in time there.
Jonathan Halkyard: Robin, it’s Jonathan. The labor costs we expect to be largely sustainable. I mean, there is – there are a couple of circumstances in our regional properties where we’ve been aside from what I mentioned earlier about adding some additional capacity to restaurants, for example, which operate at lower margins than the other revenue centers. There’s a couple of circumstances in our businesses where we’re under our intended complement of employees, but those are – there are relatively few of those. So, we put a couple of pages in the presentation. But on the website today, recapping the cost program and much of those operations streamlining have already been realized in the regions and we’re confident we can sustain them. It is certainly true that our reinvestment is lower than it was pre-pandemic in the regional markets. That would to the tune of probably well, actually, I’m not going to offer a specific on that. Just to say that those changes I think are also sustainable and that they really haven’t been driven as much by competitive issues rather than our own practices of test and control, and always improving on the effectiveness of our marketing reinvestment
Corey Sanders: Yes. Joe, let me give you some stats of where we think we’ll be in June and July and then obviously, hopefully it keeps building. June, we think we’ll be at 93% of capacity and July 99% of capacity. And that’s what very little, if any international travel. So yes, we expect at least the air lift to be pretty close to what it was in prior years.
Corey Sanders: I would agree, Thomas. I said national shortage. We’re well aware of it. We have instituted some things from the hiring front to help alleviate some of that pressure. As Bill mentioned, we’re hoping that next 60 days, we catch up back in that staffing area. But in general, we’re able to operate at levels that we’re comfortable with. But yes, there is a little bit of burden right now.
Corey Sanders: Shaun, it’s Corey. So the second quarter will be a little challenging because we put a lot of rooms on the books to build that base. And really, probably the first month that we’ll probably see or where we’re seeing rates higher than they were pre-COVID where is August of 2019 compared to now. And really the fourth quarter, we expect to see our rates up slightly, not significantly from the 2019 levels, just to give you some flavor right now. The weekend pricing compared to last year, it’s up over $10 to $15. Now don’t take that and multiply it by all of our rooms because we have that base to yield up and the demands there. We’re getting it on the incremental rooms. It’s really the mid weeks that challenge on pricing. And that will stay challenged until the convention business comes back.
Corey Sanders: Hey, Chad, it’s Corey. Our unrated player saw big jump in on March compared to February. We’re up over 30% in the regional markets. Is that sustainable? I think it’s going to continue to grow as revenue grows. As the total revenue base grows has restrictions get relaxed. I think the unrated component will stay. The key to your point is converting them into people that we know. We have not really spent enough time on that to understand how to – how much of that is converting right now. But our goal is to put programs in place where we do convert them into MGM M life members and even BetMGM members.
Corey Sanders: Yes, look, I think it’s definitely had a benefit in the regional performance. I think there’s also things like no entertainment options really, also there is a quite bit of savings on the sidelines. So I think to sit there and be able to carve out exactly what each of those have, it would be difficult.
