Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Ashley, and good morning, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be made available on our website.  We furnished our press release on Form 8-K this morning to the SEC. And before we get started, I'd like to read a few Safe Harbors. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause the actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K.  During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website.  Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I'll jump in real quick. I think when you look at it, obviously, the facility we did a couple of years ago was state-of-the-art at the time and is now probably -- we're probably paying too much and it's way underutilized. We'll look to probably do a $2 billion to $2.5 billion financing package at the MGM China level, and that free cash flow will be more than sufficient to do everything we want to do at MGM China from a development standpoint, as well as continue to look at future dividend opportunities.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Convention calendar looks solid. And we've -- as Jim mentioned, we obviously have a good fight calendar this quarter. And the back half for the concert calendar and events calendar is picking up nicely in 2012 versus last year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And I think the event calendar is really back-loaded, and especially at the Grand with some great events. Madonna's in October. When you look at our first quarter numbers, the fact that the garden was not as busy as it was the year before and we have those increases in gaming numbers, I think that -- it shows the market is recovering even on the casino side here.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, for having 66,000 more occupied rooms, we were actually up 0.4% FTE. So it's -- for the most part, it's flat.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: That was predominantly, Joe, at Bellagio, Mirage and Mandalay. The Grand held, I'd say, within a normal range, but it's predominately at those 3 out of 4 properties, excluding ARIA, of course, if you have those numbers [ph] .
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I've got to take a look at that. I think it would've been up about 40 or 50 basis points, I think, on a comparable basis.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think, Mark, that's the intent. Obviously, a lot is reliant on the in-the-year-for-the-year on the convention going forward, as well as continuing to gain traction on our retail pricing. And that is our goal, obviously, to continue to maximize that composition.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, roughly -- how that works out, roughly about -- here on the Strip, about 7% increase in table game drop and about a 3% increase in Baccarat [ph] for our wholly owned Strip properties.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Obviously, Harry, there's a lot more room inventory on the Strip in comparing those periods. The other part of it is the citywide phenomenon. I mean, we've done a good job of driving market share increases and driving our convention mix back up. But as you saw in March, we've got to get that lift in the citywides again that we once had back then, in order to continue to drive the pace of the room side. So that's going to be -- and when you look at the improvements there, we're doing a good job on the citywides, but it troughed at about 4.3 million convention attendees. Last year, it was at 4.8 million. It peaked at 6.3 million attendees in the convention side on citywide. So we've got more work to do in terms of citywide, and that's going to help us to continue to drive rate going forward.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, I think you're flipped a little there. When you look at the first quarter and the impact that we saw, obviously, the Bellagios, MGMs, Mandalays and Mirage can backfill a large citywide event, and they did that in the first quarter. They were actually up much stronger in terms of REVPAR, about 7%, versus the mid-tier and value properties who were at about a 3% increase. So that was the distinction we made in looking at that -- those 2 parts of the market.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And it was across a few different table game types. So it's not like it was all Baccarat. I think during the quarter, we even -- perhaps in 21 nipped us as well. So...
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining. We're around for any follow-up questions throughout the course of the day.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. Well, we had many accomplishments during the first quarter of this year. We completed several financing transactions at CityCenter and at MGM. MGM China paid a dividend of $400 million to its shareholders. We announced a partnership with Ameristar and launched the non-gaming component of M life, our rewards program.  Here in Las Vegas, January and February were very strong months with increases in many of our core business levels throughout the properties year-over-year. Then we had March, where we faced 2 challenges, a very difficult citywide convention comparison and a poor table game hold.  Despite these anomalies, growth in our Las Vegas resorts is continuing. We posted year-over-year growth across all major metrics. Net revenues, adjusted EBITDA, margins all grew year-over-year. We also cheated our REVPAR guidance of -- I think we said 2% to 3%. We're up 4% in our Las Vegas Strip properties. And we continue to believe that REVPAR growth for the year will be at least mid-single digit, with potential upside coming from the in-year-for-the-year convention bookings and retail segment strength. We grew both rate and occupancy, and our gaming volumes grew in table games and in slots.  On the regional side, MGM Grand Detroit continues to perform well and had its second-best quarter ever. Detroit's performance was driven by record slot handle and revenue at that property. And in addition, both Beau Rivage and Tunica experienced significant year-over-year growth. CityCenter experienced a difficult first quarter from a hold perspective, with ARIA holding significantly below the prior year. I know ARIA is getting the high-end play and I know that they expect their customers to return the favor in future quarters. Bobby will discuss this in greater detail in a little while, and there are many great projects underway there to expand that business.  MGM China reported another record quarter, with EBITDA growth of 21% and improved margins. Grant's going to go into further details about what's driving that and where we see continued growth opportunities.  Beyond that, we're reinvesting in our resorts. As you know, we are actively pursuing growth opportunities in key gateway cities. We've recently been back from Japan, where we think the prospects are favorable, and more recently, in Toronto, which we find the opportunity there to be particularly exciting. We're spending time in South Korea and through MGM China in Taiwan, and of course, we remain highly focused on Western Massachusetts and we believe we're very well positioned on all these fronts. We continue to improve this company financially and operationally, and we're excited about our future.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Dan to get into some of our operating results.
James Joseph Murren: Thank you, Grant, and thank you for being up late at night. As we reflect on the first quarter, our takeaway is that the fundamentals of the business are getting stronger and the foundation for growth here in Las Vegas is broadening. We know this because we grew even in the face of the aberrations we discussed and we're growing now. That's good news for Las Vegas and good news for MGM. And looking forward, we're confident we can accomplish many milestones in the quarters ahead. We see great opportunities in international gaming, in our U.S. regional expansion, in online gaming and social media to come.  The second quarter has some great events for the city. Floyd Mayweather is fighting this weekend at the MGM. And also next month, Pacquiao is fighting in June with -- against Bradley. And so these are major events, more than we had a year ago, and they drive casino play for the town, and largely for MGM.  Over in Macau, Grant's enjoying Golden Week right now. I have to say it's off to a great start. Our forward-booking pace remains quite strong, as our convention base is solid and the retail segment booking trend's continuing to improve. Again, this supports our thesis of a broadening recovery in Las Vegas. We expect convention mix to increase year-over-year during the second quarter, and most notably, our convention pace is up significantly in 2013 and '14.  Based on our current booking trends, we expect mid-single-digit REVPAR growth in the second quarter and as I said, we have a strong forecast for the year. We're driving future growth initiatives in fields where we believe we can yield high returns on investment. In the hospitality division, we've opened our first hotel in China, MGM Grand Sanya, and we are well positioned in key gateway cities around the world. We expect this hospitality business to grow, bear fruit for all of our shareholders.  I'm very proud of our efforts with M life. We are seeing tangible benefits of capturing increased customer spend at our properties. We think this will continue and expand with the recent addition of our non-gaming amenities to our rewards program. We're very actively now cross-marketing our regional properties to drive market share and increase visits to Las Vegas, and we expect this trend will only improve with the marketing relationship we have created with Ameristar.  New growth markets in gaming will likely emerge, and we have positioned ourselves internationally to effectively compete there. And we're very excited to say that this quarter, along with our partners -- in the second quarter, we're launching a social gaming site which recreates the Las Vegas Strip experience and exclusively features our brands. We believe that this product will be superior to what you currently see in the market and will be a strong customer acquisition and brand extension tool for us.  And of course, we continued to remain aggressively focused on pursuing federal legislation for online poker and we're keenly aware of what's going on, on a state-by-state basis for those opportunities, which we think will likely emerge.  So with that, operator, I'd like to turn it over to you so that we can get to the Q&A section of our call.
James Joseph Murren: Well, we have no more aberrations. We have no more of these things we have to talk about. And their calendar looks solid.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, and the convention mix is going to be up in this quarter. It will be up about 1 -- at least 1%.
James Joseph Murren: So it's a combination of both, Joe, and we think that those trends are going to be growing in the year, but it's a combination of both, slightly more occupancy. You could see we're already at fairly higher occupancies, but improved mix and pricing at the different price points. And we are not anticipating adding any FTEs, to any material nature at all, for the entire year.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, and also, this year, we had the big Chinese New Year's party at Bellagio. Last year, we had it at ARIA. So it's a -- just a shift year-over-year of where we hosted our major event. It had a lot to do with it.
James Joseph Murren: So just to give you a basis, for 2007, we're about 1.8 million convention room nights at our company. And in 2011, we went to 1.6 million.
James Joseph Murren: The 2012 forecast for the entire company, including ARIA, we expect to exceed 2007 convention room nights.
James Joseph Murren: And I think, apples-to-apples to get to that point, Dennis, is that yes, it'd be flattish, but our convention mix will be up this year versus last because we have fewer rooms in service because of the room remodel at the Grand.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Bobby. MGM China continues to perform well. For the first quarter, net revenues were $702 million. This was up 18% year-on-year, while adjusted property EBITDA reached $165 million, and this includes $12 million of branding fees. If we exclude the branding fees, adjusted property EBITDA was $177 million, and this is a 21% increase year-over-year.  Our EBITDA margin before branding fee improved to 24.5% from 24.6% last year, due mainly to higher VIP hold percentage, continued improvement in main floor contribution and the impact of the efficiencies from the implementation of our key performance indicators.  During the first quarter, we were able to drive growth from each of our revenue segments, with our market share remaining consistent at approximately 10%. And this is despite the addition of significant new capacity into the market.  In our VIP business, volume grew by 6% year-on-year. We were able to add one new junket operator during the quarter and this contributed to our volumes, and we also benefited from a VIP hold of 3.2% for the quarter.  On the main floor, table win was up 16% and our slots were up 20% year-on-year. The success of our main floor was the result of our continued effort to better-yield floor. Our slot growth has outperformed the market, and our March slot revenue was an all-time high for us. The slot performance, in particular, was driven by strong customer acceptance and increased use of the slots in our supreme and platinum gaming areas. We continue to seek out growth opportunities by driving improved operating performance; through continued volume and yield improvements; by innovation in our slot product; and programs designed to increase visitation to our property, as well as the expansion of our existing site.  In terms of the volume growth, we are working to improve overall player and visitor numbers, and one tool we use to drive that is to increase and improve our Grand [indiscernible] events. We had great success with our winter skating arena and we've just opened a butterfly exhibit in April, which will be in the Grand [indiscernible] for the next 8 months.  Our expansion project on our level 2 is underway and upon completion, we'll have 40 gaming tables, which are available from our existing table inventory of 427 units. We continue to put a lot of effort into our Cotai project to refine and enhance our design, and we believe the government approval for our loan grant application is imminent. We are well prepared to commence construction as soon as we are given the green light by the government. Our plans call for a truly unique MGM experience, which will have approximately 500 tables, 2,500 slots, 1,600 rooms, and we have a budget of approximately $2.5 billion to be spent over a timeframe of 36 months.  At the end of the first quarter, MGM China had approximate cash of $575 million, debt of $552 million and adjusted leverage ratio of approximately 1 -- or 0.86, to be precise, based on a trailing 12-month EBITDA.  In closing and in response to the often-asked question re: dividends, the board continues to monitor our financial position and will determine the future timing and amounts of -- based on the company's capacity to meet all of its obligation opportunities.  And with that, I'd like to turn back to Jim Murren for his closing remarks.
Grant R. Bowie: I think I just want to add that, clearly, the Wynn announcement has now cleared the air. And from our perspective -- and most importantly, we've put a lot of time and effort into the process, both in our dialogue with the government and understanding exactly their position. But most importantly, we're making sure we get the product that we know will add considerably to the diversification of the industry here in Macau.
Grant R. Bowie: Well, my comment is that the imminent announcement that we're waiting for will be the relation of the draft land concession and the processes that we're looking to do is obviously ensure that, that moves as quickly as we possibly can. And much of that has to do with the status of the -- our project in terms of its ability to be executed. So the process, as you understand, is that when you get the draft land concession, that process in terms of agreeing to those terms can actually be very -- quite quickly. And then we want to parallel that with moving forward with getting all the appropriate approvals to commence construction. But they're parallel, but need to be all completed, and then we hope that the land concession gazetting can be handled judiciously.
Grant R. Bowie: I think what we're seeing, that the market is starting to stabilize closer towards that 3%. And I think it has to do now that the volumes have grown to a sort of a fairly strong mass, and recognizing that most of the operational commission programs are now on revenue share. Then I think that what we're now seeing that, that normalized percentage is probably slightly drifting up, but I'm not going to be unequivocal because I'll make -- I'll repeat the comment that Bobby made, that we're in the gaming business and the hold percentages do move around. But that's what we're starting to see as an emerging pattern for us, anyway.
Grant R. Bowie: Until we have a really bad month, then I'll come back and I'll tell you another one. But we're fairly conservative and we're cautious, and we have tended to err to the lower side of that -- to the ranges. But we're now starting to see a pattern where it's certainly stabilizing closer to that 3%, but I don't want to make that [indiscernible]absolute, but that's where we're seeing our trend.
Grant R. Bowie: Yes, we've actually -- we'd like to keep a continual pipeline of opportunities, and that's where that's happening. And some of the work that we're doing around the property is reconfiguring existing spaces, repositioning tables to get them into better configurations. And we'd like to think that we might be able to accommodate one or maybe 2 going forward -- additional, going forward in the next 2 quarters.
Grant R. Bowie: Not really. And this is now, what, our third opening? Third property opening in Cotai since we've been on. And really, the impact seems to be getting smaller each time. If there's any impact within the short run that we've looked at, it's around the 3% to 5% in traffic, but it's not necessarily showing up in play. But that's also being affected by the fact that the -- that we've just come out of that pre-Golden Week cycle. That's a little bit difficult to really put a handle on it. We have obviously studied the traffic and the spend, and I think we just need a little more time. I think we need sort of that 30 to 45 days is what we're now starting to see as the indicators. But by and large, things for us are very stable. And I think it's worthy of pointing out that for the quarter, the Peninsula is still generating 60% of all of the revenues in the city. And so the Peninsula is still really strong, and most importantly, it yields strong as well, and that's probably one of the key points.
Robert H. Baldwin: And we're up -- at CityCenter, we're up. 250,000 room nights versus 188,000, so it's about 70,000 room nights increase at CityCenter compared to last year.
Robert H. Baldwin: Well, it should be, going forward, 25 -- around the 25 percentile. And of course, I think you can expect the margin to be about 25%. Of course, we want to grow the volumes.
Robert H. Baldwin: No, at ARIA, we have the same length of play that we would expect normally and that we enjoyed last year. So it's mostly the swing of Lady Luck.
