Michael Roman: Yes, Scott, I would say the team continues to make very good progress. And so we don't see any hurdles ahead of us. There's a lot of work to do to get ready for the spin and so we've got work to do, getting ready for each step of that process. As we talked about in my remarks, we named the CEO, and we're adding to the leadership team and getting that built out. So that's really an important foundation. We have the Board Chair named and continue to work on filling out the Board. So those are important steps. I don't see -- the team has given us great confidence that we're going to continue to progress. And we're on track for the timing that we talked about in early 2024 and see ourselves getting there successfully. Importantly, for us, it's -- much of it is and we've talked about, it's about getting ready for the spin of health care, it's also about getting ready to stand up 3M as a stand-alone Company with a health care spin being completed. So we're putting focus there. And even what we talked about in the quarter that really driving the priorities that we are talking about, the execution in our operational execution is an important part of getting ready for 3M for the spin as well, and we're making good progress there, as you noted.
Michael Roman: Yes. Scott, there's a couple of dimensions to the answer to your question. The first starts with what we've been talking about. We announced a restructuring back in Q1, and that was really coming from what we had learned as we operated our businesses and we looked at where we were going with our supply chains in the face of some of the challenges in supply chains globally. And it was really behind that was an expectation that we could drive greater productivity, improvement in our execution, stronger performance, improved margins. And so that was really the foundation of that restructuring. And so I think part of the answer to your question is we took those decisions to lean out the center of the Company, simplify our supply chain, streamline our go-to-market models. Those are a foundation for the future of 3M. And those are -- you can see starting to demonstrate that we can drive improved financial performance for the Company. And that's -- we expect that to be a foundation for the future as well. I even talked about this is with that performance starting to build some momentum, we can accelerate how we view the future. And then you are talking about investing in growth and innovation and productivity and sustainability. And we'll continue to be our capital allocation, first priority is going to be investing in organic growth in R&D and CapEx. And really, thinking of and targeting high-growth market spaces, places where we can differentiate ourselves with our innovation capabilities where we can be aligned to emerging market trends. So I think that how we prioritize that investment is going to be aligned with where we see that ability to make a difference. So both are important foundations for the future.
Michael Roman: Yes, Andrew, I would say we came through third quarter. We still saw as we said soft end markets for electronics, and that's consumer electronics, it's into semiconductor. It's into a big part of our -- what we have as a focus in our customers and electronics. When we look ahead, there's some uncertainty, we're starting to see, as Monish said, electronics stabilize. I think that really reflects that we don't see it continuing to go down. It's starting to stabilize. There's some -- companies are talking about things getting better as they go forward. I would say we're watching it closely. We expect Q4 to look a lot like Q3 in our end markets, and I would say electronics included. So we're watching what we always watch. Our customers are large electronics customers in consumer electronics and semiconductor associated with data centers and those are the -- that's where we're going to be taking the lead from where we see demand going, where we see market performance going, when we see the market improve. We'll take the lead from them.
Michael Roman: Yes, Andrew, going back to really how did we think about the strategy to spin out health care. And one of the important questions was do we see health care as a leading health care technology Company attractive to shareholders with a great future. And that portfolio of businesses, the answer for us was yes. And that the -- the best way to create that value was to stand it up as a stand-alone Company and the portfolio work we had done even over time as part of 3M position it to be a successful stand-alone Company. And each of the businesses play an important role there. Now it is going to be an independent Company. We'll have a new CEO and a Board and they will develop the strategies for how they think about creating the greatest value driving growth for that business, thinking about how to really manage that portfolio of businesses as they go forward. So we see it as being ready to stand forward as a leader and are really confident in the leadership that will take the Company as a stand-alone.
Michael Roman: Yes, Deane, so it's something we're watching very closely. We're -- as you know, we stay very close with the automotive OEMs, our key customers there. We are -- we haven't seen a significant impact on our business to date. And we continue to watch it closely. We're staying connected on what happens week-to-week and impacting our demand. But it's something that as part of -- an important part of our global automotive business, the automotive as we talked about in the quarter, had very good performance. We had 16% growth in the quarter, outgrowing build rates and that's the broader core of our automotive business, our auto electrification business is growing even faster. So it's an important part. It's had some impact but relatively small impact to this point. Again, we're watching it closely as we move ahead.
Michael Roman: Yes, Dean, I probably would point you back at some of the data out there about year-over-year spend back-to-school being down per student. There's a number of metrics out there. For us, our category broadly in consumer is exposed to like shifting discretionary spend. So that continues to be part of the consumer story. So it wasn't back-to-school story, only back-to-school was muted. We didn't see the strong replenishment cycles that we would have seen in a stronger back-to-school. So I think we confirmed the data that's out there. And as we look ahead, we're -- I would say we're just looking at the uncertainty around what happens for the holiday season as well. And so we'll be monitoring that. And again, there's a broader story around consumer, retail for us, the shift of spending from discretionary products into areas like food and I would say, experienced kinds of spending, that trend has continued. So those are both underlying some of the performance that we saw in consumer in the quarter and how we're thinking about it into Q4.
Michael Roman: Yes. So Steve, maybe just thinking about the -- take the channel dynamic first, if you want. I would say -- when we look across the channel where we're seeing some destocking as in industrial channels, and that's really -- I think we talked about that last quarter, too, as supply chain performance has improved and stabilized. We're seeing the industrial channels shorten up their replenishment cycles. And so they're managing their inventory maybe back to more normal levels prior to when we got hit with some of the supply chain disruption. So that's the one destocking effect. There is some destocking in consumer that played out. The biggest part of that played out over the last year, retailers focused pretty heavily on taking out inventory. That seems to have played out, although there's some of that with the soft demand that's continuing. So it's, I would say, the rest of it -- when I look across the channel, otherwise, it's pretty stable globally; maybe some adjustments in China in some of those same markets as we continue to see the macro looking for where the macro goes as we go forward. Looking as we move ahead, electronics, we talked about stabilizing. It's really, Monish pointed out, it's part of it's a year-over-year comp. Remember last year, third and fourth quarter, we saw a decline in the electronics end markets, and we saw that in our businesses. So that's part of the view that Q4 stabilizes that year-over-year comp gets a little more -- changes a little bit as we lap some of those earlier declines from the first half. So I would say, we're staying close to that holiday season and what happens. That's an important season for electronics, and we'll be watching that closely as we go into the quarter.
Michael Roman: Yes. Well, in the broader business, we have seasonality. Some of that is normal end market cycles, but it's also billing days as well. We have the holiday season. So we see it sequentially from Q3 to Q4, we see that normal trend.
Michael Roman: Well, Nigel, I would say it's going to depend on the outlook as we get to 2024 for electronics and those key end markets that you're talking about it. And we've seen -- maybe that's part of the stabilization that we're seeing is the quarterly trend in electronics and against that year-over-year comparable is stabilizing in the second half. What will decide the performance in first quarter or first half of next year will really depend on the demand that we see. And some of that will come through the holiday season, but we'll be -- we'll come back at our Q4 earnings call and update on how we're looking at the first half of next year.
Michael Roman: Yes. I think Monish called out the performance in the U.S. was up slightly, and -- and that, I would say, mixed performance in our industrial businesses in the U.S., reflecting some areas of strength, but also some, I would say, caution and uncertainty around the broader economy. So I think we're seeing the U.S. performing a little better, up slightly. And that's -- I would say that's in spite of the challenges that we've been talking about in consumer retail. So Safety and Industrial posted, I think, mid-single-digit growth in the U.S. in the quarter. So that's a good reflection on what we're seeing more broadly. And maybe that PMI is aligned to that. That PMI represents kind of a middle kind of expectation from the purchasing managers
Michael Roman: Yes, Julian, I wouldn't -- we saw a little bit of destocking in electrical markets. That was one of the areas in industrial that we saw that impacting. And I would say our automotive aftermarket probably saw a little bit of adjustments given what we talked about and Monish highlighted that, improving supply chains, distribution and the channel are managing their inventories, their safety stock, so more in line with stable supply chain. So I think that's part of it. Those have both been seeing good market performance as we've gone through the year. I think again, we're watching closely the trends as we go into the end of the year. But really, it's, I think, reflects on the -- a little bit of destocking and also the end market demand.
Michael Roman: To wrap up, we continue to execute our strategies, delivering results in a challenging environment while positioning 3M for the future, prioritizing high-growth markets and geographies where 3M innovation can deliver the most impact. Thank you for joining us.
Monish Patolawala: Just process-wise to add to Mike's comments, the teams are working through system changes, standing up legal entities and as well as all the regulatory filings, Scott, that we need to do, and that's what everyone is focused on from the health care side.
Monish Patolawala: Just another data point for you, Andrew, at the end of second quarter, we had said that the way we predicted electronics was the amount of negative Vs quarter-on-quarter would get better. So if you compare us to the first half and the amount we were down year-on-year versus the third quarter, we are less down. It doesn't mean we are not down, but that's another point that Mike was trying to make is that's where we are starting to see some signs of stabilization. But as I said in my prepared remarks, I think we'll have to just watch how the holiday season plays out.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So I'll just start, again, as a reminder, Joe, the total benefits for this program over the period of the program is $700 million to $900 million, with costs approximately of $700 million to $900 million. And coming into the year, we had said for 2023, we would see benefits in the ranges of $400 million to $450 million of benefits and equal offsetting charges. So when you look year-to-date, we are, I would say largely on track for the year, we still believe will be in the $400 million to $450 million of benefits, which will get offset by cost of $400 million to $450 million. So the teams have done a really nice job of continuing to execute. There are multiple pieces to this program. One was corporate simplification. The second was streamlining our supply chain. And third was making sure that we are closer to our customers in our business group units. And all three of these programs are running well on track. As regards to just timing from Q3 to Q4, I would say nothing big. We operate in multiple countries, as you know, and we wanted to make sure we follow all rules and regulations in those countries. And so some items dropped from Q3 to Q4, and we had a couple of other small investments that we had to make in Q3. They're just based on all the work the teams are doing, we just felt better to do it in Q4, so nothing major. So still pretty much largely on track, $400 million to $450 million of benefits for the year and $700 million to $900 million for the program.
Monish Patolawala: So, I'll just start first, Joe, by 2024 is a little ways away. So I think our first focus is just getting Q4 done, getting the teams continuing to focus on our priorities. You've seen what our teams have done. So we continue to execute on our priorities. You've seen we have delivered a solid Q3. We have taken guidance up for the whole year. We're gaining momentum, and we want the team to continue to focus on doing that getting 2023 closed out. So when we get into 2024 and Q4 2023 earnings call, we'll definitely give you an update on 2024. To answer your question on deflation and price, I'll start with deflation. I'll start by saying, first of all, the headwinds that we have seen or the carryover headwinds are approximately $25 million in the quarter, which we called out, which was very similar to Q2. When you look at overall market and material, I would say we are seeing more disinflation than deflation. When you think about places where energy is still a little more -- is still inflationary, downstream materials are still inflationary and then labor is still sticky from an inflation perspective. Where we have seen some benefits is upstream chemicals and logistics and the teams have taken advantage of that. But I would say more importantly, I don't think the teams are just focused on material cost, they are more focused on saying, how do we drive overall cost down in the factories, whether it is driving yield and efficiency, whether it is dual sourcing, whether it is making sure we have alternate materials. That's what Peter Gibbons and the team is working. And the work that they have done through this year is clearly evident in the results that you're seeing. So that team has done a very nice job. And then when it comes to price, I would tell you, we came into the quarter -- into the year, we said low single digits price increase. That's what we are -- as of right now, we are on track with pretty much the same range. And Joe, as you know, you've followed 3M longer than I have. This is not a formula-based pricing. We are very thoughtful about it. We look at it market by market, product by product, and we make sure that the price that we are charging our customers is a representation of the value that we -- that our customers get. And I would say, if you leave 2024 aside for a moment, long term, 3M has always had a very good price/cost equation because of the value that we add to our customers. And I don't see that changing. And I believe that with the innovation that we bring with the customer focus that we have that, that equation remains.
Monish Patolawala: So I would say, first, Chris, it's a huge thanks to the 3Mers who have been focused on their priorities. The priorities, as Mike mentioned, driving performance across all of 3M, spinning out health care, reducing risk by managing litigation is all starting to show up in the results. To your point, even if you exclude our restructuring costs and benefits, the margin rate is -- has shown a pretty good ramp. And that's driven, I would say, by two or three things. One is continued execution in the supply chain, with some of the restructuring that we have made and the supply chain is definitely more agile. We are also using a lot of data and data analytics. We have also learned through the pandemic on how to continue to operate our supply chain. So number one, you're starting to see the benefit of the improved yield and efficiency, you're able to take longer runs to as material gets better. Secondly, the team has been very thoughtful in proactive cost management to the extent where they saw there were places they could invest, they have; to the extent where we had lower volumes, we have managed to control cost. Third is we have had a relentless focus on working capital with inventory, and you're seeing that from a cash conversion basis. So I would just say it's continued good, strong operating performance that you're starting to see. And then as you add on the benefits that you get from the restructuring and once the cost goes away, which we have said this program will take approximately two years to complete out, you can see the overall, long-term benefits from the margin rate that you're going to get from better operating performance as well as better restructuring benefits. At the same time, you've got to keep in mind that we are that -- the teams are going to continue to watch this in the fourth quarter. It's an uncertain macro. But I'm very confident with what we're doing that the execution is there, but there's always more we can do, and we'll keep trying to drive more and more execution as we go.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. Chris, again, depends on the math. I'll just start with margin rates in total. When we started the year or we came into the year, we had said margin rates for the year are going to be around 19%. At the end of Q2, we said margin rates are going between 19.5% to 20% for the year. And now based on where we are with the midpoint of our guide, our margin rate will be approximately 20%. So when you back into it, the fourth quarter is higher than the 19.5% that you have, it's somewhere in that 20.5% to 21% for the fourth quarter. And just to keep in mind, the reason you see this decremental. One is, of course, the restructuring is higher in Q4 versus Q3, plus it's higher of -- the midpoint is $95 million to $100 million of restructuring on a year-over-year basis, if you're doing year-over-year decrementals. The second piece to keep in mind is, in general, revenue in 3M drops from Q3 to Q4, you have less billing days or less business days in Q4. That's why our revenue guide, which is going from $8 billion, it goes down to between $7.6 billion and $7.7 billion, which is basically saying the underlying macro trends are the same. It's just lower billing days or lower business days, which also puts an impact. If you look at the history of 3M, Chris, and you look at Q3 to Q4, you will always see a pretty sharp decline from Q3 to Q4 in margin rate. And that's mainly driven by just the lower volume because of the less business days that come into Q4. Hopefully, that answered your question.
Monish Patolawala: So I'll start by saying at that moment in time, what we saw is what we told you all, which we felt was in that $7.9 billion to $8 billion. There Was uncertainty in electronics, consumer and China, I would say, thanks to all the focus the teams have on taking care of customers, we were able to get to the high end of our range of $8 billion. I would say the same trends, Andy, pretty much stayed through the quarter. Electronics pretty much was where we thought it was going to be. China continued to remain weak and so did consumer retail. As Mike mentioned and so I have in my prepared remarks, we are seeing electronic stabilizing. We are watching for the fourth quarter what the holiday trends will bring for consumer retail. Back-to-school was softer than we expected. And then China, again, I would say is we are -- it's pretty much the trends we expected in China. Overall, for the fourth quarter, you'll see us having revenue of $7.6 billion to $7.7 million, which is again just driven by the fact you have less business days. On the other side, if you look at margin and you look at what the teams have done, the teams have continued to be very good on an operating execution perspective. We have continued to drive proactive cost control. We've done that in Q3. We'll continue to do that in Q4. And as a result, we were able to beat the 225 to 240. I had said in that conference a few months ago, and then we have raised totally a guide from 860 to 910 to 895 to 915. And then the other point, Andy, that's another bright spot is the cash conversion. The teams have done a marvelous job managing inventory, 130% free cash flow conversion in the third quarter, which has allowed us to raise our total year guide of free cash flow -- adjusted free cash flow conversion from 200% to 110% from 90% to 100%. So overall, the team is focused on operating execution.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. From the day of coming here, Andy, I've said working capital is a great opportunity for 3M. And through the pandemic, unfortunately, we had to build inventory levels and most companies did just to make sure we took care of our customers. And our first priority was always to take care of our customers. So we made sure we had enough inventory. As two things, as supply chains are stabilizing, number one, but more importantly, the execution that the teams are doing using data and data analytics and not -- and what I mean by that is not just going and using analytics, but being able to visualize by looking at data, they are able to see where the inventory is better. They are able to get a better demand signal, which allows them to get a better manufacturing signal, which allows them to get a better supply signal to their suppliers. And then the third piece is with all the work that we have done through the restructuring, where we have got the supply chain streamlined and restructured so that it's more agile. All of that is playing itself out in the inventory that we are seeing. I would tell you, as I said in my prepared remarks, there's more to go here. There's more that we can keep driving in this space. And we are going to continue driving it because this is a great place where we can continue to generate very strong cash for 3M.
Monish Patolawala: Steve, I'll just add. I'll just add -- I just wanted to add one more disposable respirators is down $600 million on a year-over-year basis. That's approximately 200 basis points of growth.
Monish Patolawala: Just only other thing Nigel I will add to Mike's comments is just in certain pockets, we are seeing customers managing inventory channel. And part of it is supply chains are definitely far more stable. So customers have lower lead times, so they're managing that in pockets.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, Julian, I would just say the same thing that I said with another question before. The way I would just say long term, 3M has always been able to add value to its customers, and that is reflected in the pricing that it charges. We look at this not based on just a formula, but we look at it market by market, look at our competitive position and market by market, look at the value we add, and that's how we come up with our pricing that we go with. And I would say, based on the innovation and the value that we add to our customers, long term, I don't see that changing. In the short run, as you have seen, the Company has been able to manage inflation through price. And if needed, we'll continue doing that. But overall, right now, the teams are quite focused on delivering the fourth quarter, and then we'll see where long term goes this topic. It will be a function of demand, a function of inflation. So that's the way I look at it.
