Bruce Jermeland: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2020 business review. With me today are Mike Roman, 3M's Chief Executive Officer; and Nick Gangestad our Chief Financial Officer. Mike and Nick will make some formal comments and then we'll take your questions. Please note that, today's earnings release and slide presentation accompanying this call are posted on our Investor Relations website at 3M.com under the heading Quarterly Earnings. Please turn to slide 2. Before we begin let me remind you of the dates for our upcoming 2020 quarterly earnings conference calls, which will be held on July 28 and October 27. Also please note given the uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have not set a date for an investor meeting later this year. Please take a moment to read the forward-looking statement on slide 3. During today's conference call, we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views about 3M's future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Item 1A of our most recent Form 10-K lists some of the most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our predictions. Finally, throughout today's presentation, we will be making references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures can be found in the attachments to today's press release. Please note, we have provided segment and total company adjusted EBITDA reconciliations for reference in today's press release attachments as part of our non-GAAP measures. Please turn to slide 4, and I'll hand it off to Mike.
Bruce Jermeland: Hey, Jeff. This is Bruce. Organically, personal safety is up 14%. What you're seeing for all-in sales growth we had divestiture impact from our gas and flame detection divestiture which is impacting obviously total sales growth.
Bruce Jermeland: And Andy for reference our disposable respirator business which is largely the N95, pre-crisis was about 2% of our global revenue, slightly less than that or around $600 million.
Bruce Jermeland: Yes. John, the biggest impact we're seeing is in our stationery and office business. Currently, as people have gone or work remotely from home on the negative side along with obviously schools shutting down.
Mike Roman: Thank you, Nick. I'll start by providing an update on the market trends we're seeing so far in April. On a geographic basis, we're seeing ongoing improvements in Asia Pacific, most notably in China where the virus first emerged. However, we continue to experience significant downturns in the U. S., Europe and Latin America, areas that remain in the throes of the crisis. I can share that we are seeing a slowdown in growth during the first several weeks of Q2, with total company organic growth through late April down in the mid-teens. We anticipate continued strong demand for respirators, which we expect to contribute approximately 150 basis points to company-wide Q2 growth. At the same time, we expect ongoing weakness in other end markets through Q2, including oral care, automotive, office supplies and general industrial. Due to this end market uncertainty, at this time, we are unable to adequately quantify the impacts to our business for the remainder of the year. Therefore, we are temporarily withdrawing our 2020 guidance, until we have better visibility of the duration and impact of the slowdown. At this time, we believe Q2 results will be especially challenged, given the trends we have seen so far in April, with revenue and EPS declines year-over-year. In lieu of guidance, starting in May, we will provide monthly updates on how our business is performing and we will continue to provide this until we are better able to forecast future performance. Please turn to slide 14. To wrap up, our strong fundamentals and position with customers across industries provides a firm foundation during this time of uncertainty. We may not know the exact shape of the recovery, but we are well prepared for a wide range of scenarios and are taking actions to prepare us to lead out of this slowdown. Before turning to Q&A, I'd like to once again thank all 3Mers for your tremendous work and for everything you're doing in this unprecedented moment. I'm very proud to represent 3M and our people around the world. Going forward, we'll continue to do all we can to protect our employees, protect our enterprise and help the world get through this crisis. That concludes our remarks and we'll now take your questions.
Mike Roman: Yes. Andrew, it's a little hard to look two years out. But, certainly, as we think about capacity expansion that we're doing today, a big part of that is in that category of surge capacity for situations like we're facing with COVID-19, there is going to be, we think, a significant tail to demand in this. You can look out. There's demand from governments from healthcare and there's also ongoing demand in the industry as industry comes back from economic slowdown. So we're mapping all of that into our capacity and then we're working with governments and the Department of Defense in the U. S. to plan for capacity that would be dedicated to their needs in a COVID-like crisis. So I think it's really lined up well with what we see as ongoing market and industry demand. And we're looking obviously broader than just our capacity. We're looking at the marketplace and the capabilities. And we're focusing here on N95 and just really respiratory solutions that meet those requirements. So I think it's got a view as far as we can see it. As we look out further beyond, you said, a couple of years out its going to depend on where we end up in those big end markets, healthcare and industrial.
Mike Roman: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. Let me start here. 3M has great respect for the brave men and women who protect us around the world. And we have a long history of partnering with the U. S. military and we continue to be committed to making safe products. We've worked in close coordination with them and 3M did not withhold information from the government about fit and use of this product. The narrative out there is misleading and really lacks context. So, I think it's -- we will defend ourselves. And we deny that our product was defectively designed. So, I would just say that, that narrative is very misleading.
Mike Roman: Yeah, Steve one of the things I highlighted in my prepared remarks was how our enterprise operations bringing together manufacturing supply chain and customer operations together into one organization that we launched at the beginning of the year. It's really been benefiting us and this is another area where really we continue to take down days of inventory outstanding. So we do have plans to reduce inventory, some of it in response to slower demand, some of it really taking advantage of that improved performance. So we have targeted significant inventory reductions on both of those drivers.
Mike Roman: Yeah. Nigel, maybe I'll take that. When you look at April, it's what it is. Our April trends to date. I led with outlook description, very fast changing lot of uncertainty. So to look beyond that trend part of the reason we're going to give monthly updates is it's just -- you can't project April into May or June or any further than what we are seeing right now. And I would -- so we'll update you as we go on that and give you better clarity month-by-month. When you look at China, we are seeing improvements. We're returning to growth in China. It's pretty broad-based across our portfolio. And for sure there's going to be some restocking. But we're seeing the economy start to show signs of recovery broadly. And it's not back to normal yet, but improving as we move through April.
Mike Roman: Yeah, Julian maybe I'll comment just on the business trends that we're seeing. So we saw Health Care grow by a little over 1% in first quarter. It was led by medical solutions and food safety. As we got to March, we saw a significant slowdown in oral care. And we also saw an impact from elective surgeries and a slowdown in Health Care in some of our medical solutions areas as well. So those are some of the trends we're seeing behind that overall growth number. Maybe I'll ask Nick to comment on the margin and your question around margins.
Mike Roman: Yes. Joe, it -- when I said it was broad-based, we're seeing it across our businesses. Maybe I'd highlight, automotive is recovering. And remember, we had a big decline in Q1. So it's coming off of a low point, but starting to see some recovery there. Electronics has been leading the way. Semiconductor manufacturing has been strong demand for us. Consumer electronics off, but not as much. We're seeing Health Care and oral care recovering as we come into April. And then broader industrial and consumer as well. So it's really broad-based the market all the markets and businesses for us.
Mike Roman: Yes. I would say, back to this fast-changing and lots of uncertainty, I think it's encouraging what we're seeing in China. But it's as good as April to date for us, because it's a pretty fast-changing dynamic globally. We did see as I mentioned trends in the second half of March in the Americas and EMEA down. And in some of the businesses that we highlighted that were weaker oral care elective procedures in our medical solutions, automotive general industrial, those are trends that we saw coming into the quarter. We'll have to see how it plays out and get a little further before we can give you a better projection.
Mike Roman: Scott, I think the way to think about it is look at our sales value of production. And we -- as I talked about some of the benefits of our enterprise operations the way we're operating that we're able to adjust more quickly and track with our demand and make sure our production plans are tracking with it. I remember, Q1 last year was one of the things we're working on adjusting to a slowdown in end markets. We are shortening our cycle times to do that. So our SVOP is tracking with what you saw in Q1. It's tracking with what we're seeing April year-to-date. That 75% number is kind of a view over a broader portfolio against end demand and just how we're managing the factories in the middle of the COVID crisis. So I think looking at SVOP is the way to look at it. And we can adapt quickly and we'll adjust as we see changes in the marketplace.
Mike Roman: I think the way I would probably think about it Scott is, I'd look at the magnitude of the slowdown and it's probably similar. There might be a little faster reaction to it and adoption to it now than even then. But we -- and living in 2009, we really managed our operations very quickly to in line with what we're seeing in the slowdown. And then back up again as the markets recovered even in the second half of the year. So I think it's similar, and it's one of the strengths of our model being vertically integrated with our manufacturing that we can do this. So I do give our teams credit for reducing cycle times, but the strategy and the 3M model, the strength is there in 2009 and it's here again in 2020.
Mike Roman: Well I think the 150 basis points is -- that's Q2. That's the way we look at it in Q2. And we are adding capacity in the U.S. coming out of Q2. In late June, we'll get to 50 million respirators a month. That's up 40% from where we've been running coming into the quarter and where we expect to run for much of the quarter. And then our increased capacity that we plan to bring on later in the year and that likely to be a Q4 impact kind of on the business results. It will give us additional supply into very strong demand. So, we'll see additional growth impact from that. I don't have a number for you at this time. It's not clear the demand and how exactly the timing of when that production comes on, but you can use that 35 million to 50 million in the U.S. which the 35 million was part of 100 million worldwide. So, you can kind of back into maybe a 15% increase on the worldwide N95 piece of that come out of Q2.
Mike Roman: Yes. And Andy even as we came into the year, we were starting to feel better about electronics and it was really semiconductor manufacturing demand increasing. And that has held up. We're seeing that and that's part of that broader growth and return to growth in China. Consumer Electronics has been year-over-year a bit of a slowdown. We continue to see that. But overall, electronics is seeing a positive uptick as we come into Q2.
Mike Roman: Well medical solutions Nicole is our largest business in Health Care and that's being impacted by elective procedures. We're also seeing that in our Acelity business which is part of medical solutions. Oral care has been the more sharply impacted in demand slowdown as we come out of March. So, that's our second largest business in Health Care. So it's the bigger part of the impact I would say as we come into the quarter. But we would expect as elective procedures come back and demand there increases we'll see the benefit of that in that medical solutions business. And I -- so I think it's both is the answer and it's -- we expect it to recover as elective procedures come back.
Mike Roman: Yes. And John, thank you for catching me on that because consumer is an important part of where we do supply respirator solutions. It reaches a broad range of customers. Some of them in -- through our DIY channel and small construction companies are strong customers for that. But we do expect to see a demand from consumers as we move forward as well. And that will show up in the results of our consumer business.
Mike Roman: Yes. And John, maybe I'll start there. We have seen some increased demand in our biopharma filtration. I highlighted as one of the stronger demand, stronger growth in Q1 and even as we come into April. When talking about manufacturing and having supply in the U.S., we are a company that as we took our model overseas, we never left the U.S. We continue to manufacture in the U.S. for the demand we have in this marketplace and then some. We have -- we take advantage of our strong base here and our technology in the U.S. and we do export as well. So our strategy -- and it's true around the world but especially true in the U.S., our strategy is to locate our manufacturing and supply chains close to customers to be able to serve them regionally and that's true of respirators and it's true of health care products and it's true of biopharma.
Mike Roman: To close, I am incredibly proud of how our people are helping lead the response to COVID-19 and managing through this uncertain time. Going forward, we will continue to be guided by the three principles I laid out at the beginning of my remarks, protecting our employees; fighting the pandemic from all angles; and maintaining business continuity while positioning 3M to lead out of the slowdown and deliver for our employees' customers and shareholders. Thank you for joining us.
Nick Gangestad: Yeah. Deane I'll take that one. First of all, of course we like I think any other company we're going through a number of scenarios. And while I don't plan to share the different scenarios because this is a dynamic situation, a couple of things I will share. First of all, we -- as Mike noted, as we go through this quarter. And until we see a reason to change that we're going to be providing monthly revenue to give you the insight of what's going on with our businesses in different geographies. In addition, you heard Mike talk about the cost-saving actions that we are -- that we've implemented for Q2. And inclusive of that, we expect in the second quarter that we will be seeing decremental margins between 30% and 40%. And now that's inclusive of the $350 million to $400 million of cost saving actions. So, between sharing the revenue, each month as we see it and this -- and our view on, decremental margins, we think that gives you some insight, as to what you can be expecting from us from an earnings perspective, as we're going forward.
Nick Gangestad: We think organic is the best way to share this. And that's our plan right now. And we do plan to be providing insights of what's going on by both, business and geography.
Nick Gangestad: Those are -- within our company we have -- what we call new ventures, where we're investing venture capital in a number of places of emerging technologies that we think will complement the 3M business model. These were some mark-to-market actions. All or virtually all were felt within the [core] [ph] miscellaneous aspect of our company.
Nick Gangestad: As a result of changes in triggering events, in terms of the value of those companies that, we saw that as COVID-related.
Nick Gangestad: Yeah. Steve, I'll go through a few of those details. First of all, it is taking actions on a number of components of cost structure. The first and the biggest component is things what we internal to 3M called indirect costs, things that are not payroll or raw material cost related. So, travel, external services, temporary workers, targeted ad merch, things like that we are working on bringing that spending down, in line with what we're seeing happen in the external market. We've also frozen any new hiring. And in the case of with employees there are some parts of the world where we have put employees on required mandatory use of vacation. So, those are the things that are driving that. In terms of carry forward into future quarters, I'd say Steve it's just volatile now that -- and flexible that some of it, or much of it may carry forward depending on what we see, but not necessarily depending on the type of recovery that 3M sees in the coming quarters.
Nick Gangestad: Yeah, Nigel we started the year saying our price growth that we thought would be consistent with past trends and the 40 basis points that we saw in the first quarter is very much in line. If we look forward for the balance of this year, we're not seeing any kind of material change in what we're expecting for price growth for us. We think it will stay in this zone. In regards to raw materials Nigel we -- at the beginning of the year, we said that we expected raw materials to be between flat to up to a $0.10 tailwind to us. Right now if we look at it, it's going to be better than that. It's going to be a more significant tailwind. I'm not going to quantify it because things are dynamic enough, but we're seeing it go beyond that for benefit right now.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Julian, of course, the biggest thing that we're seeing from margins in Health Care right now is from our acquisition of Acelity. And I think you will note in the appendix we're now providing EBITDA margins. We felt that would be helpful given the acquisition of Acelity to give one more level of information on that. In terms of the margins that we're seeing, it was absent Acelity pretty close to flat. And we've seen some mix impact in the first quarter as we've seen some parts of that business more impacted by COVID. And as Mike said, as we go into second quarter we will continue to see impacts on elective procedures that will be having an impact both on our growth and on our margin. As those recover and as we see people going back to their oral care professionals and electing to do elective procedures, we've also seen that have a positive impact on our margin going forward.
Nick Gangestad: Hey, Julian, I'll take that one. So we have been doing a number of actions within our Safety and Industrial business to be enhancing the margins. The things that we've been doing to make that a more efficient productive operation and part of what we were announcing on our January earnings call. When we look at what -- in our margins in particular in the first quarter that's been impacting that. But I think even more importantly we've had really good spending control going on in our Safety and Industrial business and that's been one of the big drivers of what you see in our first quarter margin. So yes going forward if there's -- as when we return to growth we will be seeing some benefits. But we also are seeing an impact right now of really good disciplined spending control in that business.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Jeff, as I mentioned earlier, we continue to look at a number of scenarios and manage accordingly for those. I think it would be fair to say that it's a dynamic situation. So I'm not going to put a timeline of when we would be possibly back in the market with a the share buyback program, but I think it's safe to say that we would want to have enough confidence in the future that we can resume guidance of what we're anticipating for our financial results before we would be resuming our share buyback program. In regards to the pension, we started the year with a well-funded pension. And we took what I will call a minor hit in our pension-funded status in the first quarter. And right now we don't foresee any changes in our capital allocation plans to our pension. We've been targeting around $200 million a year to our global defined benefit pension plans. And we don't see any required -- changes required in that pension funding going forward. So we don't -- for the foreseeable future at this point we're not seeing that change Jeff.
Nick Gangestad: Andy, I want to just give a little -- just go at one level down that where we are seeing our most significant growth in electronics in China is around fluids and semiconductor and less so on the consumer electronics side.
Nick Gangestad: When we say the $30 million to $40 million, that's also including the year-on-year impact of taking those actions last year, so that's -- that is part of us being able to deliver a 30% to 40% decremental in the second quarter. Yes, that's part of it. On -- plus the extra $350 million to $400 million of cost savings we're initiating in this quarter.
Scott Davis: Just comment here just says late April 75% plants and distribution centers fully or partially operational. What -- is there a sense -- how do you compare that to past cycles? Is that -- given that you'd probably be shutting some stuff down or shifts declined and stuff like that, is that materially different than what you saw in late 2008? Is it something you expect to ramp up meaningfully over the summer? Just a bit more color on that please.
Scott Davis: Okay. Good, Mike. But can you help us understand, how that might compare to past recessions if you -- it doesn't have to be explicit, but if you have a sense of where you were in late 2008 was this 80%, 85%, or is this...
Scott Davis: Okay. Super helpful. Thanks. Good luck guys and stay safe and we appreciate the monthly data too. So thank you.
