Inge G. Thulin: Thank you, Nick. As you have seen, our team delivered a very strong start to the year. As a result, today we are raising our full-year expectations for both organic growth and earnings per share. We now anticipate organic growth in 2017 of 2% to 5% versus a prior range of 1% to 3%. With respect to earnings per share, we expect earnings of $8.70 to $9.05, up 7% to 11% versus a prior range of $8.45 to $8.80. Finally, we continue to expect strong performance in terms of both return on invested capital and free cash flow conversion in 2017. With that, I thank you for your attention, and we will now take your questions.
Inge G. Thulin: Hi. Good morning, Andrew. This is Inge. What I think you should look, first of all, we see good momentum globally for the Industrial business, and you can see that also then going over to our Safety & Graphics business. So both of them are doing slightly better than we thought when we started the year. And you can see, we changed the range not only for the company but for those two businesses specifically, from 1% to 3% to 2% to 5%. It is early in the year, so we don't see at this point in time anything specifically that will slow. But I think a range of 2% to 5% is more realistic at this point in time. And when you look upon Industrial, there was in the United States very good growth for us, and the same in West Europe. And I just came back from China two weeks ago, and you can see a slight momentum upwards there as well. So we are raising it now to 2% to 5%, and we will maybe, of course, talk more about it as we have maybe one more, two more quarters under our belts here.
Inge G. Thulin: Well, first of all, if we start with Electronics & Energy, as I said earlier, we have done a lot of work in that business during the last couple of years, in order to make sure that we have the right structure in place. And I think those are the things that you see, in terms of action we are making on the portfolio, some right-sizing on manufacturing, et cetera. But what also had been going on for quite some time is our shifting of commercialization capabilities into faster-growing businesses in Electronics & Energy. And we will continue, of course, to look upon consumer electronics, utilities, construction, and semiconductor. But over time here, for the last couple of years, we have shifted more into data center, to automotive electrification, to energy grid, and communication infrastructure. So that's a move over time, and that starts to pay off. And your comment on OLED, there is no change to what we laid out earlier in the year. But one thing that you need to understand with our – we are global. So what we see in what you call consumer electronics, we are going on big platforms for the Chinese OEMs as we speak. So I think we have a tendency to over-rely on the United States enterprises, in terms of that platform. And as I said, came back from China two weeks ago, and the progress we are making on platforms out there on consumer electronics is just fantastic. So I will say, on that business, the things that you see in terms of actions, but there's also things that we have done, in terms of shifting our focus into faster-growing businesses. And I think we showed that at the last investor meeting, where we talked of (33:50) moving more capabilities into $12 billion market opportunity that is growing 10% to 15%. So that's the piece you see. So I'm very, very pleased, I would say, with the hard work that business had done in order to manage the cost and efficiency, and then type of shift to faster growing markets. In terms of Consumer, Consumer had basically, this quarter, three or four division was growing. One division was down, and it's basically into United States, and it's into the office channels. When we look upon that now, for the second quarter in a row, our sale-out is 2%, but our sale-in is down. So I think it would take us a couple of more quarters in order for the inventory levels to come right in that channel. It's not a 3M issue. It's maybe an issue relative to consolidation in that channel that is pretty robust, I will say, if you follow what is going on into that channel. And when we looked upon the growth for Consumer around the world, we had robust growth everywhere except in Central/East Europe, Middle/East Africa, we were down 2%. And then, as Nick said, in the United States we were down 5%, all into the office supply. But if you look upon the rest, it was very good growth. We had China/Hong Kong 40%, Canada 5%, Latin America 2%, and total international was actually 4% growth. So let's see how long time it will take for the channel to adjust. I cannot predict that as I sit here, but probably another two quarters or so.
Inge G. Thulin: Yes, it does. So e-commerce is one channel of many for us. And if you think about the total enterprise, in a quarter like this, our e-channel sales is north of $200 million, and we are growing 6% in that channel generally as a total company. International actually grew 25% in e-business for the quarter. So it is an element. And so for us, we look upon our customers in terms of one channel. Then inside of them, they have omni-channel, et cetera, which they are utilizing. And as you have seen, when you – I cannot talk about them. We have to look upon their reports. But as you see, for many of them, the "e" part is growing very, very fast, and it's type of slower growth in the traditional business, if you like. And that's the same for us then when we look upon our – as our output in terms of growth. But as I said, for that channel, generally speaking it is the United States at this point in time that are consolidating as a total channel. The e-channel is growing I think for most of our customers, and we are part of that.
Inge G. Thulin: We did not see what you're describing here. We saw maybe a little bit more confidence actually into the channel on our products. So we took market share on the consumable part into the oral care, and I think there's momentum there. So we had 5% growth, and I think the momentum and the confidence with the retailers is very high for our products as you move forward into the year. So I think it's a combination of us taking market share and also the retailer, as Nick said, for Industrial specifically, we have good confidence as we move into the year and maybe build a little bit of inventory, but it's not the majority of the growth.
Inge G. Thulin: First of all, I think the positive is that we changed the guidance north. We extended the range a little bit, and that's based on, I would say, very positive outlook that we have as we move in on some of the platforms, specifically out in Asia. And as I said earlier, we have worked for quite some time relative to our commercialization capabilities into market segments that are growing faster. And I talked about data center. I talked about automotive electrification and energy grids and communication infrastructure. That is starting to pay off. So I will say that it looked positive, but it's still early. But as you see, we go rather 1% to 6% than 1% to 5%. This may be indicating the positive signs that we see in that business in terms of growth. And of course, margins have improved dramatically the last couple of years. And as you see again, this quarter we took some actions that we could do and still deliver very, very good margins for that business.
Inge G. Thulin: No, there are also wins, and that will of course especially now and the sales will come later. But as I said earlier, I think we have a tendency to think about 3M as a U.S. company. We are a global company. So we work on platforms all over the world. And as you know, out in Asia there are very big movements coming from the Chinese OEMs relative to this space. And they're all spec'ing in our products as they move ahead.
Inge G. Thulin: First of all, as you know, we have done business in international for many, many years, so we have a good understanding of the ins and outs relative to different parts of the world. And I will say that the way that 3M emerged and developed itself over years have been country by country, and starting with a sales office, then becoming a subsidiary, adding in technical capabilities and then manufacturing, et cetera. And I think, the last 10 years or so, we have start more to regionalize and be more efficient, specifically around supply chain and manufacturing, where we still have continued to execute commercially in every country because, as you know, this is – in most cases, different languages and in some cases, different currency. I don't think there will be much of a change as we move forward, to be honest, and if so, we have to adjust to that. So I think we have had experiences in the past where we need to change the business model geographically, based on what is happening in that specific area from time to time. And we can go back as early 1990s where the European Union was formed, and the way we changed the structure at that point in time, in order to serve the European market with free goods flowing, people able to move in-between countries, and there will be one currency for all countries in Europe. Now, that didn't really play out the way that that was laid out and that was figured out, not last year, not two years ago. That was figured out 10 years ago. And we adjusted again to that, and have been successful ever since in those geographical areas. So, it's difficult to talk about specifics here today, because we don't know what will happen, but I can guarantee you one thing, that we are diverse enough in our management, and we have experience enough, both in United States and overseas, in order to adjust our business model at any point in time in order to serve our customers.
Inge G. Thulin: Not necessarily. I think that the business transformation we put in place will serve us very well for the future, despite what will happen in terms of things in Asia and Europe, et cetera. I think we will see – people are rational relative to growth. So people will understand and see that fewer distribution centers are better because, by definition, you can serve the customers in a more efficient way, to a lower cost. So reality is, when everything is – all cards is putting down in place, people understand that is the most effective way to do business, and it will enhance growth of the economies around the world and Europe specifically, as you talk about it.
Inge G. Thulin: So first of all, it was broad-based, where we saw – if you first talk about business groups, all business groups, except one, had growth of – we had one that grew 5%, which was Industrial, so you have 5% in Industrial for the whole of West Europe. You have 6% for Safety & Graphics. You take those two businesses together, which is into the industrial sector very much, we'll say, you looked upon 5% to 6% there, and it was broad-based. Electronic was up to 7%, and then it was slow in Health Care and Consumer. In fact, Consumer, that is a very small business for us in Europe, was actually flat. So you look upon that, it was broad-based, with growth of I will say 4% to 6% in the most important business for us. There was no big change on the country side, but you can see countries that have been slow in the past like Spain – it will now be called Iberia – are coming up, but that's very much due to comparison for them. But I will say there's positive momentum, driven very much out from Germany, I will say, and that's broad-based and it's of course starting in Industrial and Safety & Graphics. So it was very good and it was not one-time shot as I see it.
Inge G. Thulin: As you remember, Scott, we laid out for the year, actually I think it was $100 million to $105 million in those investments that we call core surge, core platforms. And $36 million was there the first quarter, and we started already last year to load into those opportunities. And we see the result coming, so that's the positive thing. So the growth coming this quarter, I will say that there's been a lot of work there that is in my view both the microscope and a telescope. The microscope is to make the investment and get growth going. And then you saw some of that investment we did in strategic investment is a type of a telescope. This will create very good value for 3M and for the shareholders as we go ahead. So if you think about what we did here this quarter, I think if you look upon it as a playbook, this is right what you would like to do in order to build both short term that most of us are focused on, but also for the mid to long term for shareholders for 3M. So I think it was the right thing to do.
Inge G. Thulin: Thank you. To wrap up, this was a very strong quarter for 3M in terms of healthy broad-based growth, increased earnings per share, and good execution across each of our business groups and functions. Equally important, we made additional investment to support growth and productivity for the remainder of 2017 and well into the future. Thank you for joining us this morning and have a good day.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Andy, thanks for the question. You covered quite a few things there. Just from an overall theme standpoint, Andy, we're always looking for opportunities to enhance the value of the enterprise, and that's really part of our business model. What you see in the first quarter for incremental investments, some of that was investments we were taking to accelerate growth. And that was really lined up with what we had shared last December of the incremental $100 million over the course of 2017 to deliver accelerated growth throughout the year. The other context I'd share with you in thinking about this step up in strategic investments, if you think back to last March at our investor meeting when we laid out our five-year plan, we shared plans for optimizing our portfolio and supply chain footprint with at that time what we described a total of between $500 million and $600 million of investments, and ultimately that we expected that by 2020 to be creating $125 million to $175 million of annualized benefit, operating income benefit. What you're seeing in this step up of accelerated strategic investments both for the quarter and for the year is us taking more action related to what we laid out last year for the optimized actions on our supply chain footprint.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah, Joe, as the quarter went on, it was consistent strength across the quarter, all three months of the quarter. And I'd further add, we're seeing April, the start of April, tracking very much in line with what we've been seeing for the first quarter, so really no intra-quarter trend changes to note.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yes, Julian, we're not fundamentally seeing any change in our pricing power. That remains strong. We do continue to look for targeted places where we can use price to help drive organic volume growth. If I look out over total 2017, we're expecting U.S. price growth to be approximately flat. If I expand it to the total globe, if I pull out the FX impact, we expect pricing to be up slightly. Our normal range is 30 to 50 basis points of core price growth. I think it will be somewhere between there and flat for total 2017.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yes, of the $136 million in strategic investments in the first quarter, Julian, a little less than half of that is investments that we see having a fairly short-term return in 2017 and into early 2018. And those are primarily growth-oriented investments, and those growth-oriented investments were factored into the guidance we set out for the year. The remainder of the strategic investments, those relate to our portfolio, supply chain footprint. And that's really laid out aligned closely with the plan that we put forward a year ago in March.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yes, so in December when we laid out our guidance, EPS guidance for the year, strategic investments we had incrementally in a $0.05 to $0.10 range. That was aligned primarily – or almost exclusively with our growth investments. Now what you're seeing, we're seeing the growth investments play out exactly as we guided, still in that $0.05 to $0.10 range for the total year. What we're layering on top of that is additional footprint actions and portfolio actions that we're taking throughout 2017. So on top of the growth investments, there's roughly an incremental $0.10 of supply chain and portfolio actions that we took in the first quarter of 2017. And then in terms of the guidance for the balance of this year, for Q2, Q3, and Q4, there's an extra $0.40 to $0.45 on top of that that was not part of our initial guidance. So all in, the growth investments, the incremental $0.10 that we took in the first quarter plus what we're expecting Q2 through Q4, it's now in the range of $0.55 to $0.65 for the total year.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Nigel, we're always, as I said earlier, we're always looking for opportunities. The level that we were investing in Q1 in strategic investments around growth, no pull forward there. That's coming exactly as we had planned. The increased strategic investments around portfolio actions and the supply chain footprint, that's aligned with our longer-term vision. The exact timing of when we were going to do that we did not have clarity on until we started pulling the trigger on some of those actions in the first quarter and some that we expect to have happen over the next three quarters. So I'm not sure I'd characterize it as a pull forward as much as it would be now is the time that it looked like the right time for us to pull the trigger on actions that we had laid out last March.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: No, the $0.40 to $0.45 does not include anything for Scott Safety. At the time that closes, we will update guidance to take into account any impact that will have on our 2017 earnings.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yes, first of all, you heard Inge talked about some of the channel impacts in our office retail and wholesale channel. In addition, in our Industrial channel, we are seeing increased confidence in the channel, which we're seeing good sell-out of our product. We're seeing even stronger sell-in to the industrial channel, primarily in the U.S. So that is one place where we're attributing it to higher confidence amongst that channel and seeing what appears to be some restocking of depleted channel levels that we've seen in the past.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Jeff, to your first question on the tax rate for what we're now seeing for total 2017, there are a few dynamics going on. First of all, we are seeing a favorable geographic profit mix for us that is helping us in our tax rate. It's been a headwind for us the last couple years, and that's switching over to a tailwind for us this year. We're also seeing some of the benefits, as you'd expect, from some of our tax planning. But one of the more significant items just in the first quarter is the benefit we're getting from the accounting standard change that came into effect last year for the excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. From a year-on-year basis, that's about a $0.04 benefit versus what we had a year ago. And, Jeff, I'd say that's the wildcard. Other things are going very much as we had planned, to get to the 27% tax rate by 2020. But with the added variability from what happens with this excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation, there will be some quarters that's a benefit, and some quarters we won't see any benefit at all. All in, we're well on track for hitting the 27% in 2020, possibly even lower than that. But when we have better clarity on that, we'll give a revised number of, can that go even lower than the 27%. To the second point on the strategic investments, the $136 million, of the growth-related investments, you're correct. Health Care had the majority of that. There were small amounts, single digits of millions of dollars, low to mid-single digits in millions of dollars, in the other four business groups. And then, from a portfolio and supply chain footprint optimization, the vast majority of that is impacting the Electronics & Energy business, with a little of that hitting the consumer and office business, the Consumer business group.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Rob, as far as the automation portion of our CapEx spending, a year ago at our investor meeting, we laid out that we expected that to be a noticeable part of our CapEx investments. What we're seeing is, that's playing out exactly as we laid out a year ago, that we're seeing continued opportunities for automation investments within our CapEx plans. And I wouldn't call it an uptick, but I'd say it's playing out exactly as we laid out.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Scott, the increase in the strategic investments from what we originally guided is really around supply chain and portfolio optimization and much less around growth. If we see growth even higher than what we're currently expecting, could our growth investments tick up some? I think the short answer is yes. It could tick up some, but I don't think on a material basis. I think we're now talking single digits of pennies at that point.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Steve, thanks for the question. Part of what we talked about a little over a year ago at our outlook meeting, for the five-year outlook meeting, is the number of manufacturing sites we have around the world and looking at the productivity in those sites and the opportunity we have through rationalizing the number of those sites, increasing capital into some of our more productive sites, the opportunity to reduce the total footprint of our manufacturing and supply chain sites over the course of the next four years. So that's what we mean when we talk about it when we laid out a $500 million to $600 million investment that we expect to take, the resulting productivity from that, that by the time we get to 2020 we think that will add another $125 million to $175 million of added operating income through that productivity we can get through rationalizing our supply chain footprint.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: If I look at this globally, Steve, we had positive though very small price in all businesses except for Health Care, where we were flat.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Laurence, to the first question on business, and I'll go further in geography, we expect that this action that we're taking in the second quarter and in the third and fourth quarter will impact all businesses and all geographies, that it will be broad. As far as the specific details of each business, we're still working through those details. We're not ready to be sharing that yet, Laurence. And then as far as 2017 to 2018, some of these actions will have a tail into 2018, where there will be residual cost impacts hitting us in 2018, though I expect it will not – I very much expect it will be a decline from the level that we're projecting now for 2017.
