Inge Thulin: Thank you, Nick. The fourth quarter kept a successful year for our enterprise, as we executed a playbook and delivered a strong operational performance. We increased our earnings per share by 8%. Margins were up more than 100 basis points to 24% with four of our five business groups posting margin expansion. In addition, we delivered free cash flow conversion of 104%, which is our third consecutive year above 100%. And for the fourth straight year, our return on invested capital was above 20% coming in at 23% this year and we achieved all of this in a year of flat growth. As you can see, we are executing well and controlling what we can control. 2016 was also a notable year with respect to our dividend, as we marked 3M’s 100 consecutive year or paying dividends to our shareholders. For the full-year, when we combine dividends and share repurchases, we returned a total of $6.4 billion to our shareholders. During financial results, we continue to build for the future through our three key levers, which are significant value creators for us. Let me start with portfolio management and ongoing process that is all about strengthening and focusing our portfolio, which improves our competitiveness and make us more relevant to all customers. This includes consolidations within 3M, along with divestiture of non-core businesses, and we were active in both fronts in 2016. Portfolio management is benefiting our customers and 3M as we now have greater scale and are able to better prioritize our resources. This includes growth investments and at our December outlook meeting, we highlighted incremental $100 million we are investing to accelerate growth in our core platforms. We will now move on to the second lever, investing in innovation. In 2016, we invested $1.7 billion or nearly 6% of sales in Research and Development, which is the heartbeat of our Company. This supports both our short and long-term growth objectives and along with our premium margins a return on invested capital. Last year, we also celebrated opening of a new laboratory in St. Paul, while earning more than 3,000 patents around the world. Business transformation is the third lever, which starts and ends with our customers. Last year, we will continue to make good progress with the rollout of our ERP system in West Europe, which is nearly complete. Within West Europe, we have now deployed in 11 countries our four largest distribution centers and our supply chain center of expertise. Globally, we now have a total of 16 countries live and a new ERP system and our three global service centers are also up and running. We are already beginning to realize productivity gains from business transformation, which will increase in 2017 and beyond. By 2020, it will result in $500 million to $700 million in annual operational savings and another $0.5 billion reduction in working capital. Looking upon our performance in 2016, the 3M playbook is working. From an operational perspective, we are executing well and delivering premium returns. At the same time, we continue to make investment that would enable us to capitalize as growth conditions improve. As a result, we are positioned to build on our momentum and deliver another strong performance in 2017. Please turn to Slide 15. Here you see our planning estimates for the year, which are unchanged from December outlook meeting. We estimate earnings per share in the range of $8.45 to $8.80 and increase of 4% to 8%. Organic growth is expected to be 1% to 3% and we anticipate another good cash flow performance with a conversion rate of 95% to 105%. With that, I thank you for your attention and we will now take your questions.
Inge Thulin: As you know, we are laying out very much localization strategy in terms of our business well all subsidiaries around the world. So at this point in time, we continue to lay out the plan as we have talked about. We are making investment in what we see the most important businesses for us to grow both in the United States and overseas based on that strategy, right. So by definition, even if we have both the global customers and local customers, we need to make the investment based on what they are and what they are going. And I would say that when I look upon this quarter specifically, there is some very interesting movements, I think coming back a little bit to historic performance relative to growth, which we had that 1% growth in developed markets, but we are 3% in developing markets. So there is type of a movement going also coming back in the developing economies, which is interesting. And as you heard Nick said, if you take China, China was 6% organic local currency growth all in excluding electronics was 11 and when look upon our five businesses in China specifically it was fantastic growth all of them. We have Safety and Graphics grew almost 20%, Consumer 17%, Health Care 15% and Industrial 12%. So we need to continue to invest based on the growth in those segments. So we don't make a change at this point in time relative to the planning for the year and as we said in December, we are adding another $100 million this year in order to accelerate commercialization of products. But I would say generally speaking, it's early in the year as we know, but I saw some trends here that our positive relative to growth coming. You saw Industrial business group almost 5% growth and it was broad-based all over the world. They grew in every geographical area around the world. So very encouraging as I look upon it. For Germany, they have positive growth for the third consecutive quarter for us. So I feel more positive as we move into 2017 even if it's early.
Inge Thulin: Julian as far as the consumer business in the trends we saw throughout the fourth quarter much of this differential we saw between sell in and sell out occurred in December and in particular in the last half of December. In regards to inventory, we don't really see the channel is having excess inventory now. We considered a fairly normal inventory channel level in our consumer channels.
Inge Thulin: Yes, Julian that's and I'll just put it in perspective, we've had that particular item being noticeably negative on our margin for the first three quarters of this year and getting that to be neutral for us for the fourth quarter with our 1.5% volume that's the main thing that happened for us in the fourth quarter. There isn't some particular headwind buried in there, but it was for us a notable trend change from where we've been the first three quarters.
Inge Thulin: Yes, we do Julian. That component of our EPS lock as well as every other line, we're still feeling very confident in right now Julian.
Inge Thulin: Well, first of all it was broad-based growth in Industrial, both in terms of the businesses and in terms of the geographical area. So that was not one specific business that type stood out of in terms of growth, even if you saw a Nick comment on - again the fantastic performance for the automotive OEM business, but it was broad-based and it's coming back, I would say a little bit as we have talked about earlier in terms of evolution of economies. And I think you've seen now as becoming more output from manufacturing around the world, we are very early in that process. And if you look upon PMI, the United States had a PMI of 54.7% in the quarter, China 51.4%, and Germany 55.6%. If you think about that in terms of big economies that will help us as we move forward, and as I said, it was broad-based. Now to your second question, how we feel about 1% to 3% for the year as we came out of 5%? Feel good, feel good. Too early to change that as we sit here today, but generally speaking, I would say, feel good about Industrial businesses. And if you think about in terms of size, this is one-third of 3M and when we start to get good momentum in that business, that's helping us, a lot, right. You saw they had good growth and we talked about that on the last earnings call that they will grow in Q4 and they did and it's very good. But yes, I said that’s too early to change anything as we move into the year, right, so let's see after first quarter how we position it.
Inge Thulin: Well, first of all most of our businesses are doing very well, right. So food safety is still growing very well, drug delivery system did well as well and then consumables in medical space did well. So if you take that together, right, there is underlying momentum in the business. We have invested quite a bit in this business for some time and we stepped that up and they have had a big investment starting already second half of 2016 and that now we'll start to generate growth coming into Q2 and Q3 for the year. And the pipeline as Nick comment on, the pipeline for health information system is very strong, so yes, it’ll slow down a little bit in terms of execution and deployment of that software into the hospitals, but the pipeline is very, very strong. So I would say that when you think about it generally speaking, we know that with investment in the areas we invest in Health Care, which around coverage, is around health economics and that's about some research and development, specifically the coverage will pay off rather sooner or than later. And again we see that the developing economies are starting to pick up for us. So the confidence is high that we will see the growth coming as we move into 2017.
Inge Thulin: Yes, Steve, it’s in particularly isolated places, there is some places in our consumer business, where we took actions like that also in our Industrial business. Those are the most common places where we took those types of targeted actions Steve.
Inge Thulin: Steve, we take those actions when we see an opportunity either in the competitive landscape to take share that we otherwise want to have or in some cases it's a reaction to where we see pricing pressure from competitors and we price accordingly to maintain some other shares, so it's some of those Steve.
Inge Thulin: The OLED impact or just to put it in perspective, last December when Jim Bauman was laying out the OLED impact that we felt that would have on 2017 sales, we put a range between $50 million and $150 million of impact. We saw a number impact for total year 2016 right in the middle of that range and for the fourth quarter I would call it very similar to that of $20 million to $30 million range of impact on our total revenue. Steve that's the OLED impact on what we're seeing in the Electronics and Energy business.
Inge Thulin: Yes. As I mentioned, we are targeting to be increasing our penetration in some of the OEMs in China, electronics OEMs in China and we're seeing some success there. We're also targeting growth in automotive electronics and we're also seeing some successes there as well.
Inge Thulin: Yes. I think what you saw in the last quarter of the year, basically the two things is inventory reduction in the channel, because it's very much distribution-oriented and that's based on lower demand in the end market. And I think that was based-based relative to United States and West Europe. Now, if you think about both in consumer and you think about the business like Oral Care, the supply chain there is very sophisticated. So what we have to look upon is sell-in and sell-out, and I think in those cases, what you will see as demand will by definition should go up and I think the facts are telling us that in that industry in Oral Care then they would build up inventory, again, as you go into the year. But for us, we look upon those businesses, they are very good partners of ours and they are very professional very, very professional in the supply chain, so they do the right thing in terms of adjusting their level of inventory if they see a softness. What they are telling us now is they see demand coming back as you roll into 2017. If you move from Oral Care and go back and I was not sure that came across. If you take our consumer business that was down 1% in terms of sell-in from us, sell-out on our top customers in U.S. was 3%. So in 3% that's the historical base for consumer for the last couple of years. So from that perspective, I think the retail channel stay, so maybe some softness for them, generally speaking in the end of the holiday season they did the right, they just managed through their inventory and for me that's a very professional way of doing business. Our sell-out was the same indicating for me as we move into 2017 that inventories will be filled back because the demand will steady in the end market, but I think they did the right thing in terms of the retail channels.
Inge Thulin: Yes. I think first of all the answer is yes, we should see an uptick in the end of 2017 in the energy space and we have a very strong solid business in two utilities, right. That's a core 3M business and in fact this is a Heartland division. That division will do well. What they have is they have an element of some project-based businesses and we had talked earlier about ACCR and there is some pipe coating as well that had a type of a negative effect in terms of comparison for 2016 and should benefit that business as you move into 2017. The other business that we had a good quarter here is actually communication, what you will call telecommunication, but communication had a good quarter for us with 10% growth. It’s a smaller business for us, but we did well. So I think the energy space for us should improve as we move into 2017.
Inge Thulin: We would like to go ahead of our self right. So I think it's important just to make important as we roll into the year and see more evidence of the positive movement, we saw here in the end. But as you said, investment we are doing the initiative we have around growth right because you look upon 3M as you see it now the efficiency in this organization is incredible and you see what we do in terms of EPS growth, free cash flow conversion, return on invested capital. We can get growth up even more that will get very good return for all of us. So that’s why we focus in and make sure that we will execute on that, but we will not over promise anything to you at this point in time.
Inge Thulin: Jeff, yes. The short answer is, yes. A couple I’ll just put on the - I'll explain. Pension I'd originally guided $0.00 to $0.10 headwind now that we have that all locked in that will be an 8% headwind for the year. And then tax rate since it ended a little lower, we’re still seeing at a 28% to 29% tax rate in 2017. Back in December, I was saying I expected to be a little bit of a tailwind probably would be more neutral on for us for 2017 right now.
Inge Thulin: Yes. As I said earlier, when you look upon it in terms of our performance for this quarter and the momentum you have seen after some time where there has been slower growth right, but if you start to look upon elements that look positive for you. For me that will be like we had a good quarter in United States, right. United States grew 5% in the quarter. Japan grew 2% and China grew 11% excluding electronic. Electronic was 6% and we have had three consecutive quarters in Germany with growth. If I look upon that and I think about big economies in the world United States, Germany, Japan and China on a positive movement forward I feel better about it. I don’t know if I’m overly excited because overall you also have some tempering in Central East Europe and Middle East/Africa and that will hold for some time. But I would say that that's what I see. I saw our Industrial business have a good growth and then I take those geographical pieces together. Safety and Graphics continue to have a solid performance. Health Care, I'm convinced it will come back for us. And then as I said earlier Consumer when you look upon sale in and sail out, it's not the concern. But I think if you take for all of us, the bigger picture of growth coming in the two biggest economies in the world and then you add Germany and Japan to that, if you are 3M, which is about technology conversion and demographic shift. They look slightly better today than it is six to nine months ago.
Inge Thulin: It should by definition and if you look upon those two businesses for us in China specifically, we had 17% growth for Consumer in the quarter; we have 15% growth in Health Care for the quarter and that's a positive outcome and those business even if they are small for us, if you look upon our portfolio in China, the two biggest in size for us is Electronics and Energy, and Industrial right because of the evolution of that economy. But what will come is Consumer and Health Care. So when you’re running them at 15% to 17% that's a good signal for us. We have a huge penetration opportunity there and they are both local domestic markets right, so no export by definition.
Inge Thulin: Steve for the quarters of 2017, I would call this remarkably stable year of nothing particular to call out quarter-by-quarter to be thinking about the only thing on the margin - on the hedge that I'd say is strategic investments that I talked about earlier that we started in Q4. Those will be more heavily weighted in the first part of the year. In fact I expect strategic investments in first quarter to be very similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Inge Thulin: Yes, I'll just leave it. We don't see a lot differentiation of the core underline business quarter-to-quarter.
Inge Thulin: A very little of our strategic investments if any is R&D. This is really about commercialized for the growth side of it. It's really about investments we're making and commercializing what we already have.
Inge Thulin: And Steve, just one more point, I’m going to repeat a point from December. Growth we expect to be largely aligned for the year across most of our business the one exception is Health Care. I just want to remind you, we expect Health Care growth to accelerate growth to accelerate as the year goes on.
Inge Thulin: Thank you. To wrap up, the fourth quarter completed a successful year for our enterprise. In 2016 we executed our playbook and post strong financial results in terms of EPS and margins along with free cash flow and return on invested capital. At the same, we continue to simplify organization and improve our cost structure while making investments for the future. As a result, we are positioned for a strong 2017 and we'll capitalize as growth conditions improve. Thank you for joining us this morning and have a good day.
Nicholas Gangestad: Scott, let me take that one. We don't have a formal metric that we're measuring on a book-to-bill ratio in our Electronics business. It is a fairly short cycle, we're working with all of our customers there to be projecting, what the demands are in the future, but unlike some other industries, this is not one where we have a book-to-bill ratio.
Nicholas Gangestad: Hey, Andy just one more detail on that I'll share. We've been talking about this for a quarter or two that we have some defense contracts we were awarded and those shipments were going on in the fourth quarter. Our body armor shipments added about 150 basis points to the total Industrial organic growth in Q4, so stripping that out the core underline is right around 300 basis points of growth.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. Andy there is a lot of subjects you hit there in one question. As far as the underlying price growth in the U.S., what we see in our view is our fundamental pricing power is not changing. It's still very strong. We did in the case of the U.S. take some targeted actions to help drive organic volume growth for us. Also for the total Company and this isn't going outside the U.S. This is a quarter where we saw less pricing actions related to FX movements and you see that with our - and that's down noticeably from where we've been in the first three quarters of this year. So all in for 2017, we're still expecting the positive core price growth in the U.S. and globally. Now to the other parts of it, our ability to use sourcing to continue to add to our earnings into our margin. I laid out a month ago that we expect between $0.10 and $0.15 of EPS accretion through our sourcing effort and everything we're seeing now, we see that on track, much of that is being driven not by just pure market prices, but it's now being driven by our own efforts to be substituting raw materials and taking advantage of our negotiation power.
Nicholas Gangestad: Joe the total posted 10 basis points if we strip out the FX portion of that and then we're looking at flat to down very slightly of core underlying there. As I look at how this progresses throughout the year, we actually have a pretty steady view throughout the year Joe, if it changing much of just much of just having our core underlying price growth often in that 30 basis points to 50 basis points. I think the wild card on there is FX, the dollar been moving a lot and that as far as what we post for price growth in the quarters will be volatile in the coming quarters with some volatility based on what happens with the U.S. dollar primarily in developing markets.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. John, we saw our Oral Care down slightly, partly from softening end user demand and also what we see is continue channel contractions in the Oral Care business.
Nicholas Gangestad: John, I think this is much more of a one-off. There was a particular set of IP that we had developed and we're using years ago, we reached a point where we felt we no longer needed it for our own business and we were licensing that IP, we chose in the fourth quarter to sell that IP and our relationship with that that particular IP we had in Electronics and Energy. To your question, is it a broad thing that we have a stable of these we’re ready to go with? The short answer is no.
Nicholas Gangestad: No, it's something related to our electronic materials solutions division and that's about as deep as I'll go with that, but it really is not related to anything we divested.
Nicholas Gangestad: Rob, as we contemplate where we see our raw material pricing going in 2017, we took a view of oil in the range of somewhere between $50 and $60 a barrel and that's why we're seeing diminished impact from market prices on our commodities benefiting us in 2017 versus what we've seen in 2015 and 2016. So we’re anticipating that in taking that into account. Most of our raw material or commodity benefits we’re seeing are going to be the result of 3M efforts we're doing to take cost or substituting lower commodities. So there is an offset there and we think we’ve pretty accurately taken the offset on both the revenue side and the cost side into account.
Nicholas Gangestad: Rob, as you look at our total CapEx, we spent $1.4 billion on CapEx in 2016, a little more than half of that was spent in the United States, and it goes into a number of things, Rob. It goes into some of our business transformation investments; it goes into maintaining our capital base. Of all the areas of the world, the U.S. we have a very well developed capital base of manufacturing sites and investing in CapEx to maintain that, also some expansion in the United States that we've been investing in, so a little over half of it. It's around the world though Rob, we are investing in capital as Inge as started out this morning and talking about we're investing in capital to align with where our customers are and aligning demand. So where we've been in the last few years, we've seen a little less international demand and a little higher U.S. demand and that has impacted our capital allocation. And going forward, we still anticipate a significant amount of our capital, for the next year or two; I won’t be surprised that it's going to maintain being over 50% in the U.S.
Nicholas Gangestad: I'll take the last part of that first Nigel that the changes in pricing that I talked about that would not be part of investment spending. What is included in our strategic investment spending that we called out that's impacting our margin by 70 basis points this quarter, theirs is two components. One is us taking actions on addressing our manufacturing supply chain footprint that we laid out last March at our five-year outlook meeting. We’ve been taking actions and that is part of what occurred in the fourth quarter, but also what's in that is investments we're making in growth in core platforms within 3M and that was part of what we’ll also laid out in December. In 2017, we are accelerating our investments of approximately $100 million in these core growth platforms. We started that investment in the fourth quarter of 2016 and that makes up a little over half of the total of that strategic investment that we laid out for fourth quarter in our margin.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. Nigel, what I've seen over time and what I'm seeing this quarter and into the futures it's less impacted by that particular mix, how it impacts our margin more dramatically is actually our hedging and sometimes it becomes counter intuitive Nigel that when the dollar - when we start to have the dollar stronger and negative impacts on our earnings per share from a stronger dollar. We can add for a period of time to see higher margins as our hedging gains step in and boost that margin. We have lower sales dollars from the translation, but higher margins. That's been a more impactful factor on overall margins we post and the mix of where the currencies are strengthening or weakening against the U.S. dollar.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. For 2017 Shannon, the 1% to 3% we’re still right there. Yes, we like the fact where we ended in Q4 from an organic growth. But it's also in line with what we were anticipating in total, and it's in line with where we felt we needed to be for the 1% to 3% that we guided for 2017.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, our total cash Jeff is we have just a little over $2 billion of cash outside the United States. It's not a large number. I'm sure you're aware of this Jeff. We've been going to a number of efforts to be optimizing our global optimizing our global cash position and we've been managing that global cash balance down especially our international cash balance down. So our current capital allocation plan, we can execute that without any kind of tax reform or any kind of action. And it's really too early for me to comment on if something were to happen of what we do. We're obviously prepping and preparing and will act accordingly to take advantage of whatever kind of legislation occurs, but I think it's too early for me to comment on how that would change our capital allocation right now.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, just as far as the year is starting, we're not seen any kind of change in the trajectory that we were anticipating. It's consistent with what we were expecting when we guided 1% to 3% and nothing really changing out of the norm for us, Jeff.
