Mike Roman: Thank you, Nick. With three quarters behind us, we are updating our guidance for the full year. We now anticipate organic growth of approximately 3% versus a prior range of 3% to 4%. With respect to earnings, we expect adjusted EPS in the range of $9.90 to $10 against the previous range of $10.20 to $10.45. Our change in EPS guidance is largely due to three factors; our updated growth expectations along with our updated guidance for currency and raw materials that Nick mentioned earlier. Looking at the remainder of 2018 and beyond, we know there's a lot more we can and will do to deliver for our customers and shareholders. Going forward, we are focused on driving growth being relentless and putting our customers first and continuing to transform 3M to deliver greater productivity. This means we will continue to work to optimize our portfolio prioritizing resources to our most attractive opportunities. We will strengthen our innovation model and continue to invest in research and development, which enables us to create unique solutions that advance, enhance and improve outcomes for our customers. In addition, we will continue to invest in high-growth, high-value product platforms such as automotive electrification, advanced wound care and data centers. We will also step up our efforts to fully leverage the progress we've made on business transformation. With our most recent deployment in the United States we have now successfully deployed 70% of our global revenue on the new ERP system. I am pleased with the success of our rollouts in Europe and the US. This was a significant undertaking and I thank our team for their tireless efforts. Moving ahead, we'll be able to focus even more on leveraging the power of business transformation to improve service levels to our customers, improve productivity and accelerate value realization, and at our Investor Day next month, we look forward to sharing more details about our plans. With that, we thank you for your attention and will now take your questions.
Mike Roman: Yes. Scott as we talked about on the opening here, the organic growth was impacted by drug delivery down double digits. And also we did have a strong year-over-year comp as we came through Q3 of 2017. Broader we see solid growth in oral care, our food safety business continue to strong growth, health information systems, strong pipeline right where we expected. So must of the rest of portfolio is in line with expectations. I would say that the drug delivery business continues to be the challenge against what we saw for the growth for the total year.
Mike Roman: Yes, so our drug delivery business it's-- it's - we've talked about it as a project based business in the past. It really is-- we work in partnership with pharmaceutical companies really dependent on their regulatory cycle also we have significant R&D partnership as well and those are project based businesses as well. So we see strong pipeline ahead. We are working through a challenging performance in 2018. We see stabilization as we get into 2019 and strong growth. So we have good view of our pipeline but not impacting positively as we go through the second half of this year.
Mike Roman: Yes, it's been something that we've seen with the office channel over the last year and a half almost two years now where you see a restructuring of the channel and you see a destocking as the traditional office channel restructures around the new normal for them. I think we see it more broadly as well that we are a point of sales is strong up mid single digit across portfolio, both the retail channel is at least as we come to this second half of the year see additional restructuring in. And we expect some of that to continue as we move ahead. This is a space that's been disrupted significantly and it's something that we expect to see some individual channels as we move ahead, but really it's the broader base in the second half that's impacting us now.
Mike Roman: Yes. So if you look at that 100 basis points so we talked about, that's a worldwide view are really 250 basis points of impact on the quarter in the US. And as I mentioned we saw most of that, the vast majority of given back in Q3. So year-to-date up 3% is more in line with when you look through that what we're seeing. And we see positive growth in Industrial, Safety and Graphics Electronics and Energy and really we see the macro more broadly in the US positive and steady. It was, I would say-- we're back talking about our Healthcare organic growth being impacted by our drug delivery business in the US and a strong year-on-year comp in the US especially strong in that area, and then I would say consumer organic growth was impacted by that US ERP as strong as anyone any one of the businesses in our portfolio. So, they had their full share of those 250 basis points.
Mike Roman: Yes, I think that's the view we saw the vast majority come out in Q3 so that's not the big impact as we go into Q-- as we go into Q4.
Mike Roman: Yes, we mentioned that the slowing in the consumer respiratory protection space as one of the impacts. We see other signs of slowing in China, automotive build rates are down significantly. And that has a knock on effect and so you see some broader softness in industrial as we go into Q4. So we are seeing the same thing that's why we see ourselves tracking more to 8% to 10% range for China for the year.
Mike Roman: Yes, so our broader Europe is tracking to the low end of the-- of the range that we had for the year and the 1% to 4%. As we came into the quarter the Industrial and auto build rates softened a bit and we saw softening across West Europe and organic growth declined in the quarter up slightly year-to-date and we think up slightly for the full year and so at the bottom end of the range. I think it's also being impacted by some of the portfolio actions that that we are taking as we talked about as we've gone through the year part of our plan to improve the overall performance of the portfolio and the profitability of West Europe as we move ahead, but tracking low single-digits at the at the bottom of our range for the year.
Mike Roman: Yes. I think we have good visibility across the portfolio and the markets and I would say that the softening in the automotive and the build rates have an impact there. We have been talking about this being towards the low end of the range all year really because of the outlook we have across the markets in our portfolio and also some of those actions we've been taking. So I think it's consistent a little softer than expected in Q3, but, again, for the full year we think it's about in the range where we expected it to be.
Mike Roman: Yes. Julian, let me take the R&D part first. On the research and development as you heard of stock, it's heartbeat of 3M, it's the center of innovation and it's the key for us sustaining our performance, premium margins, our growth, our return on invested capital. So it's still a top priority for us and a top priority for me as CEO. We are going to continue to invest in it, continue to target that approximately 6% to sales and if you look at the quarter majority of the year-over-year decline in the quarter was really due to a couple of factors; FX of course the contract R&D work that-- that I talked about in the drug delivery business was part of it, and also the divestiture of the communication market. So, that-- it's really and there are some quarterly up and downs as we make investments in experiments and a number of projects and so it's still very much the focus there. If you look at SG&A, I think that's another one that. We --our spending is not completely smooth, but we're making improvements as well on productivity. That's one of the things that we're getting as we move forward business transformation as we take now 70% of our revenue onto business transformation. We have opportunities to leverage our service models and engage in some improvements there. So, you know, at least a little bit of what we saw in the quarter was starting to see some productivity there, and I think of the actions that we've been-- strategic investments we've been making impacting that as well.
Mike Roman: Yes, Julian, I would say that - I talked about the broader portfolio. We have much of the rest of the portfolio beyond drug delivery that's in line with our expectations. And if you if you step back and look at the 4% to 6% and where we are now in the 2% to 3% range versus that 4% to 6% or even as we as we kind of reset and said 4% as we came through the year, it's largely drug delivery and slower oral care. We saw a better oral care performance in the quarter as we move through the year; kind of what we expected, but, still when you look against that 4% to 6% those are the two impacts - that our biggest impact. The year-over-year comps are part of it in the quarter, but if you look at the total year now - those are the impacts. We expect Q4 to be a return to our historical growth rates in healthcare so as we lap some of the drug delivery comps and we get those broader performing portfolios to have a bigger impact.
Mike Roman: Yes, see I think you've characterized it well. The areas that we've talked about already, and we have highlighted number of businesses where there specific to our markets and our businesses in those markets. I would say that we've performed well and automotive as Nick noted we performed well in the automotive OEMs are relative to their bill grades, but their bill rates continue to move down negative actually in the quarter and part of the slowing in China and part of the impact in Europe as well. We highlighted as well, safety and graphics has been at the top of the range that we have guided for the year and really was we expect them to be there at the end of the year but we're impacted by a negative mid teens growth in our industrial mineral business, that's another one. But again it's kind of a maybe it's our focus on construction markets and some of the challenges we see in some of those end markets, but that was definitely softness in one of our markets. So, broader we see a steady and positive macro and broader our portfolio the majority of our businesses continue to do well against that broader macro.
Mike Roman: Well, yes. It's on the broader portfolio absolutely and as we move ahead that's the model that we look at it, individual business is impacting the way they did here in the quarter and maybe a couple of them as we go through the second half, it's those are - those will take away from some of that near term, but yes, that's absolutely our performance, that's our focus, that's our expectations, that's our capacity and capability that we demonstrated.
Mike Roman: Well, that you said it; portfolio management has been one of our key leverage. It's a driver of value for us, you look at the performance we have in electronics and energy and in safety and graphics as we come through the year those business are performing well and they have been an area that we focused a lot of our portfolio that actions around it's what we have done to reposition and reshape those portfolios through acquisition and divestitures and other actions, I think that's an example of where we take that lever and really create value and so we're always looking at that, we are always realigning our businesses around our portfolio priorities it's how we reshape the company for near term and long-term success. So it's I guess and I said that at the last call as well, we are in active portfolio of manager this is what we do to take full advantage of the 3M model as we move ahead.
Mike Roman: Yes, John I think you characterized West Europe and Europe overall the way we kind of view it right now, and again we see some markets like auto impacting Europe as well, drug delivery of course impacting Europe as well. But more broadly we see it a steady economic backdrop, we're not looking at other significant changes there. And Asia I guess I would characterize it maybe at the low end of our range that we had looked at for the year so softer overall but again steady across more broadly with sometimes as long as I've said in China. And so if you look back at West Europe, your question there we are --we deployed the business transformation there over the 2015-16-17 and we're now taking advantage of that and we are I would say doing a couple of things, it's enabling us to prioritize better where we really do invest in our best parts of our portfolio. It's the models that we have in place the service models that we have in place there up and running be able to leverage area wide ERP capability. Those are really enabling us to I think bring even sharper focus on prioritizing and that's part of our active portfolio management as prioritizing where we put our resources for growth shifting resources to those higher growth areas. We're also as planned taking some actions to I would say streamline our structure in EMEA and even Latin America as we get ready for the go live taking advantage of business transformation so that's really also helping us the focus on the markets in areas that are most important and best opportunities for growth as we go ahead.
Mike Roman: Yes, Josh, if you look at some of the businesses we've highlighted today that are impacting growth as we come through Q3 and the second half. We'll, couple of things will happen. One we'll lap some of those comps as we move ahead. And they're going to expect. I mean we're, we expect to improve those businesses. And I mentioned in drug delivery that we stabilized based on what we have in the pipeline as we get into the 2019 and we returned to growth as we come out of that. And so we can look forward and we can see that stepping into it. Automotive is maybe a little more complex in the dynamic. I mean we're outgrowing the build rates and have consistently done that and with what we're doing with automotive electrification, we see our ability to do that to continue and even leverage our innovation further in the future. But we're still dependent on the build rates. And so what happens in those build rates as we move ahead where it goes in key markets like U.S., Europe, China, those are going to impact that. The outlook right now is fairly nominal low growth negative growth as we come through the quarter in third quarter, but slow growth as we move ahead. So I would say we'll continue to outgrow that that will continue to be a growth contributor with what we've been able to do there. Other markets industrial mineral what happens in the end market demand will dictate that more than us as we get into future quarters. So I think it's little bit market dependent, but the one examples that we've talked about, I think we do see ourselves being able to continue to rise up in our growth relative to those markets. If you go turn to consumer, the thing I would look at is our sale out continued strong. Our brands, we got category leading brands that are performing well off the shelf, we've got to work through, and I think our team is done a very good job of working through the channel disruption that's going on there and managing through that. We've got very good visibility as we move through that especially in developed markets. And we expect to see that sale out to eventually rise up and carry the day. And so we'll look for that as we go ahead too.
Mike Roman: Josh it goes to John's question and Nick's discussion earlier too. Our business transformation was focused on putting the ERP and much broader than the ERP other system capabilities in place new models transaction efficient models in place in our supply chain and in our back office. And that's we're doing with business transformation. But as we do that as we now get 70% of our revenue on the new systems, we can start to leverage that in other ways as well. And we'll be talking about at the November 15 Investor Day. We'll talk about where we see opportunities to do that on the commercial side and also in supply chain.
Mike Roman: Steve, I would-- I guess my message here is that we have not backed off of what we've been targeting with our R&D investment. This idea of investing to enable us to drive more of those priority growth platforms, more of the disruptive new technology, that's what we talked about when we move from 5.5% of sales to 6% to sales, and so while in the quarter we are down at 5.3, our strategy and our plan is to invest in line with what we've talked about when we said we are targeting 6%. It's not an efficiency that we are gaining there. There are some one-time kinds of impacts on the quarter just a little bit of ebb and flow-- we expected a little overspending just by the layout of our R&D programs as we went through the year, and then we had the drug delivery contract R&D work down. We had impact of FX and we had the divesture of communications markets. So, no-- they usually expect us to continue to drive that-- this is not a BT enabled-- we do-- we certainly do expect to get returns out of these investments and will adjust as we move ahead, but, near-term that's not-- that's not what's going on.
Mike Roman: Well, that's certainly one of the things we will be talking about the November Investor Day. That's-- we will be laying out our five-year plan and the framework for that five-year plan, and so I think that's something will cover in detail there.
Mike Roman: Yes, Nigel, growth is a big focus as we drive forward, I mean it's what we expect our innovation model to deliver, and I would say above-market growth and premium margins. That's really a - I think the hallmark of successful innovation and for us that's been really our history. When we deliver on that, that's what we see. And we expect to see that outgrow the macro and to be able to do that consistently as we move ahead, and so that, that is the focus, that's what we will talk about at the Investor Day that's what we will focused on with our team. That's the way we-- that's where we start our focus as a team.
Mike Roman: In summary, our third quarter included good performances in many respects including double-digit increases in cash flow and EPS along with strong margins. As I look across our portfolio, most of our businesses continue to do well, but there are also areas that we must work to improve. Looking ahead, how we allocate capital and continue to reshape our portfolio are keys to delivering even greater value to both our customers and shareholders. These are strengths of 3M and will continue to be priorities for us moving forward. Thank you again for joining us this morning, and we look forward to seeing you in St. Paul in a few weeks. Have a good day.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Andy, we are continuing to see raw material price increases and so our pricing has more than been offsetting that and Andy it's our expectation that will continue. We are anticipating continued increase in raw material prices and layering on tariffs that we expect our price strength to continue to more than offset that. If I fast forward a little into 2019, we think tariffs will be having a negative impact on our total sourcing cost. There are a number of things we're doing around that source changes, supply-chain changes but also pricing changes. And I'll talk more about this in on November 15th but our view is we have approximately $100 million headwind from tariffs. And that our pricing will more than offset that and raw material price increases in to 2010.
Nick Gangestad: No. Steve, that's exactly - we had built some inventory in advance of going live in the US with our new ERP system. And we wanted to do that in order to ensure we were fully satisfying our customers and their supply chain and the increase you are seeing there is that not bleeding off quite as fast as we had planned but we see over the next couple of quarters that inventory coming down.
Nick Gangestad: As far as the savings, John, we are --what we've been saying and continue to say is that by 2020 we expect this to generate between $500 million and $700 million of operating income benefit. this year we're on track for approximately $100 million of savings versus last year, that will bring our total savings since we started that on an annual basis up to $250 million and we remained on track on the 500 to 700 not ready to call whether we think more likely low end or high end, but we still see ourselves in that range by 2020. And as Mike mentioned earlier on this call we have a lot of the deployment behind us now and that's allowing us in 2019 to be putting even more energy and resources into realizing the value realization that that we've been projecting so a little bit of a shift of little less on deployment and more on the value realization and the business process changes that will create that.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. We last updated that number in 2016 when we laid out a five year plan and we've continued to progress as we expected towards that. November 15th when we lay out our next five year plan we'll be updating that if where this goes even beyond 2020 and so partly John it lines up with longer term plans that we lay out and you can expect to see more from us on in November.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, John. We're just a little over a 3% through the first nine months of the year for growth. And when we're estimating 3 that's our best estimate of what the total year growth will be? I don't see a very wide range on that maybe 20 basis points plus or minus but not a very wide range on that. And yes, that included in that as an expectation that we see higher organic growth in Q4 than what we saw in Q3.
Nick Gangestad: And John, you're specifically talking about our business transformation and what we're spending on that.
Nick Gangestad: John, in terms of the business transformation, over a number of years, we've been saying this is going to be an incremental spends of a little over $1 billion. And as I look, as we look at our spending over the last few years, in terms of cash outflow that has been declining. In terms of total in spending, hitting our income statement as we start to amortize some of what we built there. It's been remarkable flat year-on-year of the total spend that we're putting into our business transformation initiative. And right now my view is that's going to continue and a pretty stable level for the next couple years.
Nick Gangestad: Andrew the roofing granules business is the smallest business we have in Safety and Graphics. And it's a business that has been enjoying, in the U.S. some of the construction increases that they are going on in construction as well as there's a cyclical or a temporary nature depending on what's happening with storms. So in this business is very closely tied to shingle production. And right now, shingles manufacturers are making less, making less shingles. And it's a very tightly integrated supply chain. So for the last couple years this business has been on a path of high growth and we reached a point in the third quarter that, that growth has come down. And the growth going forward is going to be tightly correlated to what happens with shingle manufacturers in the amount of production they're doing.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, broader question. So right now we're estimating this business to be about at the midpoint of the 4% to 6% organic growth that we guided at the beginning of the year. And that midpoint is absorbing what we're seeing as the impact from the roofing granules business. As far as the total growth in the third quarter. See in mid-single-digit growth in our personal safety business against a 14% comp in our personal safety, that is by far our biggest business. Andrew, we continue to have a lot of confidence in our safety and graphic business and its ability to grow and be a leader in growing 3M's total organic growth, a lot of confidence there. As far as the margin, we are absorbing 150 basis points of margin impact from Scott Safety and we'll be starting to look lap ourselves on that as we acquired that fourth quarter last year. And I no longer we'll see that as being dragged to the margin going forward and potentially accretive going after that.
Nick Gangestad: Andrew, if you look at the history of Electronics and Energy Q3 tends to be the high point for our revenue and our margin for that business. Year-to-date our margins are 28.4%; that's up 170 basis points in that. That includes the impact of exiting our communication markets business. So, yes, the portfolio management we have been doing and the things we are doing and investing in research, we see as being accretive to our margins in that business, but I would not call the 31 plus that we are at this-- in this quarter as a new level-- is more third quarter is typically the high point.
Nick Gangestad: So, Nigel, what we have been seeing-- and I mentioned this earlier on this call, we are continued to see good penetration and content that we are putting into electronic devices, we are seeing good growth in places where we are selling into datacenters and semiconductors, that growth is helping us and is being accretive to our-- to our margin. In addition, the divesture of our communication markets business within that, which had been dilutive to our margin that is now, for all practical purposes, out of that business and we are also seeing some accretive benefits from that. So, that's what I was saying that many things going right this quarter. As we have focused on that portfolio and what we are investing in and we are seeing a lot of that pay off.
