Michael Roman: Thank you, Nick. Earlier I laid out actions we are taking to address our near-term challenges. At the same time we are continuing to build 3M for the long run. Effective April 1, we moved from five to four business groups in order to better serve our customers and better align our businesses to their markets. The new business groups are organized around customers and go-to-market models and include Safety and Industrial, Transportation and Electronics, Health Care, and Consumer. This realignment will enable us to accelerate growth, maximize value across the portfolio, and take greater advantage of our transformation progress. It will also further streamline the organization and help us achieve the 200 to 300 basis points of margin expansion that we laid out last November as part of our five-year plan. We will start reporting results under this structure in the second quarter. Please turn to slide 15, and I will take you through our 2019 guidance for the new business groups. We expect organic growth to be led by Health Care with a range of 2% to 4%, followed by Consumer at 1% to 3%. Organic growth in Safety & Industrial is expected in the range of minus 1% to plus 2%, with Transportation & Electronics at minus 3% to flat. That wraps up our prepared remarks. In summary, while our recent performance is disappointing, our business model remains strong and we are making the necessary changes to accelerate 3M into a stronger future. Thank you. And we will now take your questions.
Michael Roman: Thank you, Andrew. Maybe I’ll l start and I'll ask Nick to give some more detailed comments. The two drivers of that, one is the organic growth and the organic growth as we talked about was led by China, Automotive and Electronics, which are strong gross margin businesses for us globally. So that was one of the contributing factors. And then the adjustments that came in the channel, along with that slowing growth in those markets, that drove challenges for us in productivity in the plants. And we took actions to adjust our production levels and our costs there, but we didn't get ahead of it. So those were a couple of the big contributor really driven off of that slowing the majority of that slowing from those end markets
Michael Roman: Andrew, I would also add, we - as I said in my speech, we didn't respond aggressively enough to what we were seeing. And so we’re behind the curve as we came through the quarter. That's why we're stepping in aggressively with the actions that we are…
Michael Roman: Andrew, just to update on the ERP, we've actually been very pleased with the success that we've had in the deployment in the U.S., and it has been around the businesses and not deployed to the factory level at this point. It's improving every month in our performance and what we can deliver to our customers. So that's been something that's been going well for us. When you look at the U.S., the growth, - organic growth in the U.S. was led by Industrial business, and really the automotive OEM and aftermarket businesses. There are some pockets in Safety & Graphics. And so the same kind of comments I had is as we saw slowing growth and some of the channel reactions, our production levels and our productivity didn't get ahead of it, and that was an important part of what we saw in the U.S. There are some other pockets. There are some pockets in Health Care with drug delivery in the U.S. that also contributed to that. But that gives you the background in the U.S.
Michael Roman: And Joe on the comp issue consistent with what we've been saying we see second quarter as our toughest comp and third quarter as our easiest comp and that's primarily driven by the what we had talked about a year ago as far as the timing of revenue related to our U.S. ERP go live. So we saw almost 6% organic growth in second quarter last year followed by 1.3% in the third quarter. So those are the two where we see the comps differentiating. All-in we saw the – we saw and we continue to see the first half as a slightly tougher comp for us than in the second half of the year.
Michael Roman: Yes. John, so your point about the global macro is right. There is an expectation that there will be a broader growth in the global macro and maybe a bit slower as we come through the year in terms of global industrial production in particular. In the markets that we're talking about, they certainly have been slowed. But people have a view that it gets better as we get into the second half. I think, to a degree it's realigning ourselves. The actions we're taking is realigning ourselves with what we see in the market and what we've been working through as we come through for sure, kind of, the end of Q4 or end of Q1. If the markets recover, we – this is our playbook. When we see a slowdown, we realign our costs, we realign our operations, we take some targeted restructuring action and then we're in a good position to lead out. So I think this aligns us with what we today, really what we need to do in order to deliver on our commitments and then positions us to lead out of it. And so, if we do see that improvement in the second half, we'll be well positioned to lead out, even with these actions that we're taking.
Michael Roman: No, I think, we're aligning ourselves as we go forward, taking advantage of some of the things that we're doing to – with business transformation to leverage that. So this is – it's never easy to do this. And it is – you're asking question around something that we think very hard about. And I really am taking on very personally, we've got to think about what do we need to do near term and position ourselves for the long term. And we're going to continue to invest in growth into R&D and R&D growth programs and priority growth opportunities more broadly. So we're making sure to make this restructuring and realignment targeted to what we what we have to manage through. And so, will we need to hire people in the future? Yes, of course. As we go forward we will, where we see the opportunities and we'll invest. But in the near term, we've got to realign ourselves to be ready to deliver on those statements.
Michael Roman: Yes. And John just regarding the litigation activity. I mean, we are actively depending ourselves in all of this litigation. And it's difficult to know the timing and outcome of any particular litigation. And what we were able to do with the reserve this quarter is to really establish reserves that help us resolve the litigation that is related to environmental matters. And I would say litigation were a direct defendant around our manufacturing disposal. As I said in my comments, it is not covering any other product related PFAS litigation. And when you have the manufacturing in view where it's probable and estimable, the product litigation at this point that were defending ourselves against is not probable an estimable. And so we will update as appropriate and as we get some clarity on that. So it's really -- there are two different aspects of it there that we're managing.
Michael Roman: Yes, and we continue to work with the EPA and other regulatory bodies on the foundation for the regulations that are being talked about and what will come. EPA, of course, announced a management plan for this and we're working with them to support where we go forward there. We actually are supportive of a federal approach here so we don't end up with a state-by-state approach that's different or patch work kind of approach. But it is something that is evolving and we'll continue to help be part of that with the EPA. And like I said, we'll update you on our litigation matters as appropriate.
Michael Roman: Sure. And I'll go back to that in November Investor Day. I would say first of all, the realignment of the business group us was part of our thinking at that point. We weren't ready to announce it and implement it. There were things that we have to do to get ready for that. But it was part of -- even as I talked about, it's part of our expectations that will drive improvements of 200 to 300 basis points in our margin. And it really is set up to help us leverage best our business transformation and end-to-end streamline our connection to customers. So, it's part of the longer term strategy. As we came into the year, as we walk through the quarter -- even as we came in, we certainly acknowledge that we're seeing slowing in some of those key end markets. It got more severe as we go to our earnings call -- in the Q4 earnings call in January. As we went through February, we saw additional slowing and we're talking about it. And we were taking actions all along the way. We were doing things. We've been doing things along the way to adjust and address that slowing we are seeing, but we didn't get ahead of the curve. And so the restructuring and the other actions we're taking is to really do that now. So, it is -- I would say it's still rooted in that five-year plan and our commitment to investments and growth in R&D and the strategies that we talked about there is still very much part of it. The 3M model is strong. We've got to near-term execute and get in line with what we're seeing in these end markets. And that became kind of the new, I would say, set of actions that we had to step into and we're doing that. But again we know how to execute this playbook. We'll be rallying the team around us as we go through the next couple of days and I'm confident that we will step into it as we go ahead.
Michael Roman: Julian I'll start here as I always do. Organic growth is our first priority. So, we're going to continue to focus investments there as I said even as we go through this restructuring. But we still maintain flexibility to invest in the long-term value of the enterprise. And so acquisitions we have built strong capabilities to make acquisitions that fit with our fundamental strengths that fit in our most attractive markets. And we've been executing that. We still see that as a value driver for us in the future. And so we continue to stay active looking at acquisitions. We're going to continue to step into compelling acquisitions that leverage that strategy and capabilities that we have to create value. On the divestiture side, we've been actively managing a portfolio since 2012. And over the last three years, we've strengthened parts of our portfolio. It was a case we're always looking at how do we maximize the portfolio. And we're looking at businesses regardless of size on how we do we do that and how do we maximize value for the company and it's really around the fit with our fundamental strengths and we'll continue to actively manage it as we go forward. It's an ongoing process and we'll be focused on creating value with that as well.
Michael Roman: Josh just to give you a little color too. The automotive slowdown in China was one particular case where we saw significant impact in our growth from channel. And so where you see a slowdown in a particular market, like electronics or automotive it's accompanied with a change in inventory, everything from finished goods back through the value chain. And so that is a – that's clearly visible in those cases.
Michael Roman: Well, our manufacture footprint is different in every one of those sites and so that's part of it. But it really – I guess, if you can take from this is, it's not simply that – not simple math of multiplying times five. We've – we now define probable and estimable for the litigation that we face in those five sites as – with this reserve. So that is our – the way we have had determine what is estimable across that.
Michael Roman: The realignment of the businesses is really – really the key focus for us was the customer and really aligning to them aligning to the customer segments and the type of customer and the go-to-market model. So we are actually – we've been moving towards this with some of the go-to-market model, capabilities that we've been putting in place and the way we leverage Business Transformation. This actually steps it forward even more. So I think this is not only focused on the customer I think the customers will see this as a positive step forward. And we'll see it as better aligned to them as we globally as we move ahead.
Michael Roman: Yes Deane we talked about a bit on our Q4 call. We saw the channel as well as balanced as we came into the year. We didn't see a pull-ahead in Q1 into Q4. The ERP impacts were largely Q2/Q3; we saw some tail of that into Q4. And it's hard to tell there may be a small tail as we come into this year as well which would be more playing out of some inventory. But that's a U.S. kind of view. The -- when I look at it, even as we went through the quarter, I would say Health Care channels are well balanced. We certainly saw our balance between sell-in, sell-out, and consumer. It was the Electronics and Automotive driven changes that really led to the channel impact. And maybe a few pockets in Safety and Graphics in areas like transportation where we had some project delays. But the bigger was in the Industrial and Electronics areas. So, that developed as the quarter went along and the response was very, very direct and we saw that in Q1.
Michael Roman: Yes. Deane we did take actions as we saw slowing growth. We're reducing production plants, we're adjusting demand plan. And we're trying to look ahead as much as we can into our customers get a clear view. And I would say in the direct businesses, we got a pretty clear view. It was a matter of how fast can we react. And we took actions in the end our volume that we produced went down in line obviously with our organic growth, but our costs didn't. And that was one of the challenges. And some of that is fixed cost some of that is variable costs and we need to do something on both of those. And so that's where the restructuring is targeting that. And that's not unusual in these situations in the industrial slowdown in 2015-2016; I face the same thing in leading that business and even in 2009. We have to take restructuring actions to really step into a bigger slowdown and in most particular markets that's what is taking here. And so the steps we took now we'll get ahead of the curve.
Michael Roman: Yes, Scott, so you're right. Our investment in R&D and I would say innovation more broadly is fundamental to what we promised our investors and that is strong growth. Growth that outgrows the macro over our business cycles and deliver premium margins, deliver premium ROIC. And innovation is fundamental to that. In fact, it's the differentiator in our ability to do that. And I think in a quarter like this and even the cycle that we've been going through it's right to challenge our growth aspect of that. And what we are doing is really focused on that as well. And I would say this our capacity and our demonstrateability outgrow the macro over time has come from two important factors. One is our investment in innovation. Our ability to deliver new penetration opportunities with our innovation, new priority growth platforms as we talk about. And so those are very much a focus for us. It's also important that we do that in markets that are accretive to the macro that we're choosing. And that's our portfolio management. Make sure we're prioritizing in the most attractive market spaces. And so that is -- we often talked about the priorities organic growth in our capital allocation approximately 6% to sales and R&D and 4%, 5% to 5.5% in CapEx. But we prioritize that. It is really important that we prioritizing that and that's what we do to get that growth where we needed to be. And we did it in markets in that are most attractive. That's the focus. That’s when I talk about continuing to invest in growth that's what I'm talking about.
Michael Roman: I think compensation is an important part of this. And we've updated and modified our compensation over time to do just what you're talking about to really align our leaders with what we need to deliver. And in particular, our promise to our investors, our organic growth, our EPS growth, our ROIC, our free cash flow. That is how they're aligned. They are aligned to the four promises. And were we -- should we take another look at that? I would say that's our normal course for us. We're going to take stock of what we're doing, how we're doing it and compensation is an important piece and we look at that as well.
Michael Roman: Lawrence, I mean you broke up a bit, so I'm not sure I got a question. But I think you're asking about the softening and the slowdowns that we're seeing. They can sometimes last longer. Do we see any indication that those are turning or not expected last long, is that the kind of…
Michael Roman: Well, I would say we haven't seen a sharp turn in softening markets. We're in line as we go into April with our expectations. I would say maybe we see that the inventory adjustments slowing down. I mean, those don’t tend to be fourth quarter unless there's another macro event that drives it. Those will adopt pretty quickly. That -- and we're seeing maybe some signs of that as we go forward. But we certainly don't see what these particular markets automotive electronics. They're forecasting, a stronger second half and we don't see the early indication of that yet. I think it makes sense to a degree what they're talking about, but not early days of April have we seen that.
Michael Roman: Lawrence, I would say this is a top priority, an issue for us as an enterprise and we are taking it with that in mind. And we have -- we formed a corporate affairs organization as part of our business realignment. Really it brought together a lot of the people that are working on this among other issues because there's broader brand and reputation strategy that they are focused on. But we have -- we've invested in I think a bigger capability around how do we look at it, how do we manage it, and how do we -- how we really take our brand reputation and take that forward as a company. So the answer is we are stepping up to it. It is emerging issue that has certainly gotten bigger as we went through the last year. And I would say we're stepping into it with every capability and with a lot of good counsel as well.
Michael Roman: Yes. Steve, it was -- I would say, a bit of a reminder. But it was – just to let you know, this encompasses those facilities. There is – there was a small part of it that just – is part of Minnesota as we look ahead. But it was – the 850 was the majority – the vast majority of what we faced in Minnesota.
Michael Roman: This was just to make it complete, so that we didn't leave Minnesota out and then have it kind of question by exception.
Michael Roman: With the NRD I think really what you're talking about Nigel is a year ago. I think what you're really asking is, what's the triggering point for us to be taking this charge now in the first quarter. And we've been working on that with a number of the parties, where we have litigation going on. And we reached a point where we felt that based on the progression of those, the facts on those cases and where we stood with potential settlements, we actually did have some settlements occur in first quarter, which gave us better visibility in how to estimate more broadly across all our manufacturing sites, what we see is our liability.
Michael Roman: Yes, John it's really is the latter. So it's more a model of that remains. For inventory to come back there we would have to be a noticeable upturn in the market and that with some of the outlook for the second half that could be possible, but that's not what we're looking at. We're looking at the adjustment down levels out and we manage at that level as we go through the year.
Michael Roman: John, we'll update you maybe in more detail as we go forward. We saw very good progress across those priority growth platforms. There are two things that we measure. One is the revenue and the second is, are we making progress in the milestones so the product launches and the specifications. And you take automotive electrification and we saw significant wins in Q1 and new spec in business and we continue to see strong upper single double-digit growth even in that portfolio. And I would say across the businesses this has been one of the bright spots. When you look at quarter like this, there is a lot of challenges and it's disappointing, but there are some businesses and some bright spots and we had good business performance in our existing portfolios and we've certainly would count our priority growth platform as one of the positive contributors to growth and new products more broadly. But those priority growth platforms are even stronger. So we – I'm pleased with where we are. We're tracking to our plans and we can update individual programs when we talk to you.
Michael Roman: Okay. Thank you. To wrap-up, we are moving with urgency and taking action to strengthen our performance in 2019, while investing for the future. I remain, confident in the world-class capabilities of our enterprise and in our 3M model. We know we have to rebuild our credibility. I'm confident we will get our performance back in line with the expectations of our investors. Thank you for joining us.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. Andrew, a couple things to add in there. As we were going through the quarter and seeing lower volumes and we of course adjusted the output coming out of our factories. So for the first quarter, compared to the first quarter last year, we were seeing the output in our factories down between 4% and 5%. Unfortunately we did not pull spending down proportionately. Our spending was down about 1% in our factories during that time. And that had a negative impact on our margin. Also on the - in there was the impact of a bit of a geographic mix, if you look at where we make higher margins and lower margins, the declines that we saw in Asia Pacific had an outsized impact on our margin this quarter.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. So Joe maybe I'll start. The – it was led by the markets that we called out and the channel reaction to some of that. That doesn't end up being an all year action. That is something that happens pretty quickly. So we don't see that necessarily be a contributor as we go through the year. And some – we do see some outlook for improvements in those markets. Health Care we have talked about challenge, we see with drug delivery being a headwind for us in the first half of the year and that gets better as we go through the year. Consumers basically at the bottom end of their range and the sellout remain strong. And in Safety and Graphics, we have a couple of pockets there. Our personnel safety business is off to a strong start to the year. And so up mid-single digits or low- to mid-single digits and we expect that to continue. The other pockets are more project delays in particular businesses and we expect those to improve as we go through the year. So it's really taking a look at each of those businesses and the guidance that we gave to those fits with Q1 and then where we see the rest of the year.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes Joe. Just one thing I think I need to make sure is clear with you and with everyone. In the gross margin on a GAAP basis is $235 million charge related to PFAS. So in the numbers that you're seeing there on our GAAP results, not all of that hit SG& A other 235 of that is recorded in gross margin. And Andrew that may go back to your earlier question too. So that's maybe when you're looking at our GAAP results the one thing you're seeing. That said, we still saw declines in our gross margin percentage, primarily driven by what I just talked about at the lower volumes not offset with commensurate declines in spending. Pulling out the PFAS charge we saw are underlying gross margin decline about 100 basis points.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. So Andy, when you look at Industrial there's a couple of things around productivity that we're focused on. And the first one is it is getting in line with the growth that we see in the business. And automotive OEM, automotive aftermarket those are challenged end markets that we're especially aggressive getting on top of and in terms of our productivity. But it's more broad than that because -- especially in the U.S. we are a net exporter out of the U.S. and we do support business around the world and in particular in Asia. And so we're impacted by a broader softness in those markets as well. So it's a bigger productivity challenge in particular in the U.S. but in Industrial more broadly. And so the actions that we're focused on they're targeting that, getting ahead of the curve so to speak. And then it's taking advantage of all the other things that we've talked about the levers for creating greater value. And Business Transformation is a big one of those. Now we haven't deployed that in the U.S. into the plants. But we've made good progress with the go live, since the go live of last year and we continue to see good benefits and value coming out of the ERP deployment in Canada and EMEA. And our margins more broadly including industrial has been improving there and in part because of what we're doing in Business Transformation. So that's going to be an important lever as we move ahead. But the near term is getting ahead of the impact of the slowing end markets and the channel and getting our productivity in line.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, Andy, certainly as we went through first quarter we talked a bit about the slowing that we saw as it went through the quarter and that continued right through the end of the quarter. And really, led by those markets, China automotive, electronics. So those are all the ones we've been talking about. There is – I think the outlook is, that gets better. When you listen to the projections and the economic projections in those areas, we haven't seen that. Our April is basically on track with what we're laying out for our total year guidance. But seeing a market improvement in those markets, I think, we'll see – we'll get an answer as we move further into the quarter, into the second quarter.
Nicholas Gangestad: Hey, John I'll just start talking about insurance and then I'll pass it over to Mike for your broader question. In regards to insurance and coverage for that for environmental claim such as PFAS, we do have places where we think we have insurance coverage and we are in discussions with insurance carriers regarding those matters. But that's going to take time for that to play out, John. That's -- don't look for that in the short-term for something to happen on that front.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. Steve, the pension impact, the underlying business transformation productivity, the footprint action savings, those are all on track. But with the lower growth, the two things changing lower growth and all other productivity, those are the two components that are bringing that that part down, as well as the charge that we're anticipating in Q2 for the restructuring actions.
Nicholas Gangestad: We think the majority of that – it could be all of it, but we think the majority that will be in there.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. Steve, when we take into account our recent acquisition of M*Modal, when we take into account this restructuring charge, we are seeing margins down likely 100 basis points for the year, with those two items contributing just over half of that total decline in the margins. And that's different, where, from a three months ago, saying we were expecting margins to be up. The core underlying productivity, even with these actions we don't think it's going to be accretive to our margins yet this year. We think that will come later.
Nicholas Gangestad: The New Jersey is not one of the places where we manufacture. That's a different lawsuit related to the use of the product and not related to our five manufacturing sites Nigel.
Nicholas Gangestad: Nigel, it would not surprise me if we were looking at negative organic growth in the second quarter.
