Mike Roman: Yes, Andy, I'd start with Q1 looks to us a lot like Q4. So some of the dynamics that you're asking about are part of that. We talked about electronics stabilizing in Q4. So starting year-over-year comparison and stabilizing against that. As we look forward, consumer retail, similar as well. We saw still softness in discretionary product categories, discretionary purchases. Consumer spending has been strong, but it's been shifting all through the year, as you know, to experiences, services and even food as inflation has impacted that. So we see that dynamic continuing to play out as we look forward. If you look at the channel, I'd say broadly, the channels are stabilizing. Consumer, there was -- as we went through the first part of last year, there was aggressive reduction in inventory in the channel. That played out and it's more balanced as we come through fourth quarter as we look into Q1. There was some cautious at the end of '23. At the end of the fourth quarter, we saw some caution in the channel in China and consumer. But I think they're fairly well balanced at this point. The one area where we continue to note some adjustments is in the industrial channels, and that's as supply chains continue to perform better, they're reducing their safety stock. And that's been a steady. I think there's a little bit of caution as we go into the New Year in areas like Europe, Middle East, Africa, there's a caution about demand. China, as I already said. So -- but I think generally broader, I would characterize it as more stable and in line with what the expectations are.
Mike Roman: Scott, just to add, the actions that we have been talking about all through '23, the actions to streamline our supply chain operations, simplify our go-to-market model, that streamlining supply chain operations. It was more than a restructuring. This was about aligning our global supply chains to our go-to-market models, really optimizing what we do across plan, source, make, deliver, with a focus on -- and an expectation that we're going to drive improvements, improvements in service, improvements in costs, improvements in working capital and cash. Monish said earlier, it's the actions we've taken about the way we operate, and it's an expectation we're going to continue to improve our execution. So there's a plan and strategy in data and data analytics gives us a basis for driving better visibility and improvement as well. So it's a -- it is part of that. So we do expect to continue to drive improvement as we our guide for '24 has us, again, driving improvements in how we execute showing up in growth in earnings and expanded margins and another year of strong cash generation. So it's a -- it is an important part of that -- those actions that we took as we went through '23.
Mike Roman: Yes, Deane, I think what you're looking at is the adjustment for PFAS, the exit of PFAS. If you recall, we're excluding the PFAS related men -- the PFAS manufacturing and related business as we report. And that was part -- the primary business for that was transportation and electronics. So that's where you saw that, maybe that adjustment.
Mike Roman: Yes, Deane, we're committed to that what we announced to exit PFAS manufacturing by the end of 2025. And as I said, we're making good progress to that. We're working to help customers transition. We will -- I think we talked about this on one of our earnings calls, we will not sell the equipment, we won't transfer any of the assets. We won't sell the business. We won't license our intellectual property. So we are going to exit and complete by the end of 2025. That's everybody's focused on that goal.
Mike Roman: To wrap up, we are executing our priorities and delivering on our commitments. We will stay focused on continuing to improve our performance, optimize our portfolio and reduce risk, while using 3M science to create unique solutions for our customers. Thank you for joining us.
Monish Patolawala: I just would add, Andy, to Mike's comments that auto builds are expected to be down 10% sequentially. And then historically, if you just look at a couple of our businesses is Consumer and Health Care, they seasonally do come down Q4 to Q1. So we baked all that into the guide that we've given of approximately $7.6 billion.
Monish Patolawala: No, I think -- Andy, let me explain that first. I'll just go all the way to the top again on our benefits and then I explain the math to you. So for everyone's benefit, in 2023, we implemented the most significant restructuring in our history that generated $400 million in savings last year and approximately the same amount in costs. But when you look at the overall program, it remains on track to achieve the annual run rates of $700 million to $900 million upon completion. And assuming a no-spin scenario of Health Care, as Bruce mentioned earlier, we expect nearly 200 to 300 basis points of margin improvement to be realized upon completion of the whole program. And the program, as you said, Andy, remains on track. We've said that it remains on track, and we did pull in or accelerated some of our restructuring into 2023 based on the success that we have had in the program. What I would tell you to answer your question specifically is what I've said is the $150 million to $250 million is incremental benefit. So on a cumulative basis, if you did $400 million in 2023, and you say midpoint of $150 million to $200 million, that's cumulative $600 million. So on a year-over-year, that's incremental $200 million. While on a cost basis, we said we incurred $400 million and change in the fourth quarter, I think, it’s $441 million. And I said we'll have $250 million to $350 million of cost. So on a cumulative basis, the cost will be around $750 million again at the midpoint. As I've also said in my prepared remarks, we believe this program will be largely completed by the end of 2024 from an expense perspective and the benefits will continue into 2025 and beyond. I just want to make sure 1 other thing, and we think about restructuring, I just want us to also think through this is -- and I want you all to know, this is how we work. And this is not a series of one-time actions. And I know a lot of investors have asked us, show us the break between benefits and costs. So we are definitely trying to do that the best we can. In 2023, it made all the sense because these were new actions, it was good to show it as individual. But as it becomes the way we work, my request to all of you is focus on the total margin of the company, which is demonstrated in 2024, where our guide is saying we'll improve margins, another 75 to 100 basis points in total. So, for example, and the reason I bring this up is you have to look at all of this in totality. For example, we announced that we were going to change our distribution model in 27 countries. The savings of the rooftops, the head count is shown as a benefit in our restructuring program. But as you all know, there's a corresponding impact on the revenue, and the action has to be looked at in totality versus standalone events. And I just want to make sure we bring that out, too. But we'll continue showing what it helps you all, and that's what we have tried to do with this go-round. So hopefully, I cleared that question, Andy, that you had.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So Scott, the total impact of geographic prioritization and portfolio actions that Mike mentioned is around 100 basis points for the company. Of that, 60% is product portfolio optimization. The balance is geographic prioritization. And overall, when you look at the margin rate in these smaller countries, they were at lower margins than the average for 3M. So that's when you refocus, what happens is, since you're going through a distributor, you basically have to drop price to some extent because now they're picking up your cost. And so that's why you see the revenue headwind. But on a margin rate perspective, this is beneficial for us to do. It helps us focus on the bigger countries. It also allows us to reinvest in those bigger countries, while at the same time, making sure that in the smaller countries where we are changing the model, we can continue to serve those customers well with what we would call internally as an export-led model, which is we're going to ship our product out from the United States or wherever our end manufacturing is into those countries. So we are still taking care of the customers. We're just following a more efficient way to transact with those customers. So hopefully, that answers, Scott.
Monish Patolawala: I would say so, Scott, as the team has done, Peter and the supply chain team have done a great job. One is learning through the pandemic on how do you manage the ebbs and flows as you go through supply chain disruptions. Two is we have spent a lot of time and energy investing in digital resources that allow us to more efficiently look at demand plans, look at where our inventory is and we have continued to keep working on dual sourcing, et cetera, that helps us get alternate sources of supply whenever you could have a disruption in one place. My view is this inventory still has ways to run using data and data analytics. We can keep reducing inventory. Working capital is going to continue to be a source of 3M's cash generation machine, along with a good EBITDA that we generate. And at the same time, I would tell you that volume -- if you see volume come back up, the factories are ready and we have the capacity and we'll act accordingly. So I would say the team has done a really nice job, but there's always more we can do and we'll keep doing.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. I would say, Julian, as with prior years, there are a number of miscellaneous items in corporate and unallocated that are always subject to a fluctuation on a quarterly annual basis. So if you look at 2023, our input cost was $44 million. And in the fourth quarter, it was a $120 million benefit. The Q4 benefit was largely the result of annual incentive compensation accrual for the first nine months that we allocated the businesses finally based on performance. This adjustment had no impact to total company margins. So it's just a bucket swap between corporate unallocated and the businesses. And so for the full year of 2024, again, based on Health Care, being a part of 3M for the whole year. So it's just the assumption, we expect the expense range of paying somewhere in the $100 million to the $200 million on an adjusted basis for corporate unallocated.
Monish Patolawala: I would just say, Julian, 3M has historically always been a good cash generator. And that's what we plan to continue doing. If you look at 2022, we had 86% of free cash flow conversion, which we were not happy with at all. And the teams have done a great job in 2023 to get us back. If you take the two years, it's around 100%. And if you look at the history of 3M, we have always been in that range. And I would say we'll continue doing that. But at the same time, we'll keep investing in growth, productivity and sustainability as and when the volume comes up as and when the opportunities arise because at the end of the day, our first priority is organic growth because that gives us the best return. And the best way to do that is organic investment. So that's our first priority.
Monish Patolawala: No. That number, again, if you just go back to Bruce's comment at the beginning of the call, our current assumption is that Health Care is a part of 3M, even though the spin is on-track for first half 2024. And as we go through the spin of Health Care, we plan to have an Investor Day post-spin, where we'll update you on the stranded cost, the impact of transition services agreements as well as what 3M looks post-spin.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So I would say it's the same thing I've said before. If you remember, we have said our total benefits of $700 million to $900 million, once the program is done with equal costs. We are saying though, our actions will be largely done at the end of 2024. So you will see benefits continuing into 2025. And as I've previously mentioned, our savings are net of the necessary investments required to provide sustained benefits from our restructuring programs. So for example, -- these investments include structure necessary to enhance our go-to-market models. As we talked about, we have exited or changed the distribution model for 27 to 30 countries. So making sure we have a structure that supports that change, continuing to automate our back-end processes as we continue with the spin of Health Care upgrade rooftops as we consolidate space because you see the savings as we have exited the space, but I got to make sure that the rooftops upgraded so people can come into work there and then continued investment in cybersecurity. And we have also said this before that the restructuring actions that we have taken, one, it's a way of how we work, but two, it will help us partially reduce the stranded costs associated with the pending spin of Health Care. So all put together, I still see the programs on-track at $700 million to $900 million. But as I mentioned before, too, I would just ask you all to think through, there's a side of cost cadence, which once we are done with those actions, those cost cadence will go away and the benefits will continue into 2025 and beyond at an annualized basis of $700 million, $900 million, assuming Health Care remains as a part of 3M.
Monish Patolawala: So I would say exactly the same thing I said before. When you look at it in total, our plan for 2024 assumes a margin expansion of 75 to 100 basis points, which includes a piece -- which includes the restructuring benefits and the lower restructuring costs. But at the same time, it also includes many other factors that we take into. For example, we're going to continue to invest in growth, productivity and sustainability as the macro starts improving. We're going to continue to invest in product areas. We're going to continue to invest in our people. So I would again ask you to look at in total, if you exclude restructuring costs in 2023, we expanded margins 60 basis points. And in 2024, our total margin expansion, including the benefits of restructuring is 75 to 100 basis points. So Chris, I would say as the year progresses, and I've said this before, volume gives us the best leverage. So as we get more volume, we're going to continue to see leverage increase.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So the benefits, I would say, again, it depends on which way you're looking at it, Chris. I would tell you, on a year-over-year basis, as I said, there's approximately 75 to 100 basis points -- sorry, $75 million to $100 million of restructuring cost on a year-over-year basis. So if you exclude that margin rates are 19.5% to 20% for Q1. No, sorry, 19.5% -- my number is all getting. It's 19.5% to 20% is the guide, which includes $75 million to $100 million of cost. So if you adjust for that cost on a year-over-year basis, margin rates will be up 250 to 300 basis points. And then on standup costs, again, timing will determine what the final standup cost is. But currently, we see approximately $0.07 to $0.08 of total cost that we are incurring, as Bryan and the team get ready for spin of Health Care.
Monish Patolawala: So 2024 outlook assumes we will have selling prices year-on-year. It's helping us offset some of the moderate inflation we are seeing in certain raw materials, and then the labor market continues to remain strong. But I would just tell you, you have seen we've become good at monitoring this. We'll make sure we continue to take actions as needed. And you've seen it, we've done that in '22. We have done that in 2023. But I would say, more importantly, when you think about margin rate, and the supply chain teams and the business teams, we are not just taking price raw as one item. In total, we are just saying how do we improve margins. So a lot of actions has been taken on, whether it's through selling price increases, driving global sourcing benefits, dual sourcing, driving yield in the factories and of course, prioritizing demand. And all of that put together, including the new way we work with all the restructuring-related items we have announced last year just help us continue to drive margin between 2024, '25 and beyond.
Monish Patolawala: So I would first say, number one, again, I keep reiterating this just because there's an assumption that's out there that we have assumed that Health Care remains as a part of 3M. That's just the guide but Health Care is on track for a first half '24 spin. Keeping that in mind, when you think about $700 million to $900 million, it's driven by two pieces. One is the pace at which we can execute some of these actions as well as some of the rooftop consolidations that we are working on. In total, I still feel good that the range of $700 million to $900 million is good for the overall program. But as you have seen, Joe, quarter-to-quarter, there's always going to be a little movement because there are multiple actions that we're working through regulations in countries and we're working through making sure we are doing it in a safe manner that you could have a month or two delay. But overall, I still feel good $700 million to $900 million is a good range.
Monish Patolawala: Sure. And Steve, as I said, as you start lapping quarters and the benefits of restructuring starts showing up in the results, it's going to get harder and harder to do sequentials. But anyway, I'll do my best, and hopefully, that answers your question. So I would start by first saying you're going to see another strong quarter of execution on a year-over-year basis, and I would ask you to look at that first. When you look at our guide for January, we're saying it's approximately $7.6 billion. And there are no surprises in January so far. It's very similar to Q4 trends. So volume is a little lower Q4 to Q1. That has an impact. Secondly, there is usual seasonality that we see in our business when it comes to resetting some of our pay plans and some of the other compensation things that we do. So seasonally, you see that as an impact. Third is, as I mentioned earlier, we are incurring incremental costs to stand up the Health Care business as we get ready for the spin. The total impact is approximately $0.07 to $0.08 is the total impact of the -- it's the total cost in the quarter. We have a headwind from our pension accounting that we talked about, which is $0.04 of headwind. And then from a tax rate basis, we expect our 1Q tax rate to be in the range of 20% to 21% versus we ended the fourth quarter at 14.9%. So I hope that kind of gives you all the puts and takes to get you to the range that we have of $2 to $2.15.
Monish Patolawala: I'm not sure I -- one would agree with that. But when you look at 1Q of '23 versus 1Q of '24. There was no restructuring benefits pretty much in 1Q of '23, and we had a little bit of cost in '23. So if you look at 1Q versus 1Q, you actually see margin rates up 250 basis points, excluding the impact of restructuring costs. So you are seeing the benefits, Steve, on a year-over-year basis in 1Q. For the year, as we have previously mentioned, our savings that we are showing you in the $700 million, $900 million, which it always has been, are net of the necessary investments that we are required to provide, which we are going to spend to provide sustained benefits. So again, just to repeat, things like, we changed our method of delivery in certain geographies, 30 countries. You need a structure that has to get put into place to serve that. You've got rooftops. So we have exited the rooftops, you're starting to see the savings, but we have to spend the money to upgrade the rooftops that we are left because we have to consolidate that space so that people can come and work in that space. And then we'll continue to invest in things like, customer operations and automate customer operations, which was a part of the whole -- there was a reason why we did this. Mike said it, I've said it, it's the way we work and some of the savings you're seeing come ahead as you've made those actions. And now we're going to put it -- we're going to put in the necessary costs so that we can continue to see those savings. And that's why I keep saying at the end of 2024, we'll be largely done with these actions and the benefits will carry on into '25 and beyond at $700 million to $900 million.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, Jeff, as we said, I think the timing of the spin will definitely determine some of these costs. And I would just say let us work through it. As we get closer to it, Bryan and the team will walk you through as they get closer to getting ready for the spin. And as committed, we are going to have an Investor Day post-spin while we'll walk you through all the factors that you have to take into account, which is not only post 3M, what does that revenue and margin look like, but also the impact of transition services agreements because they will be transition services agreements for a period of time and then the amount of stranded costs. The good news, Jeff, is that through all the restructuring actions that we have done, to some extent, we have been able to reduce the amount of standard cost that would have been there if we hadn't taken these actions to reduce some of the cost at the center.
Monish Patolawala: No, we have not, Jeff. That's an option we hold, and we will make the appropriate decision once -- we see the progress in the number of opt-ins for the Combat Arms litigation.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So as with previous years, Deane, there are a number of miscellaneous items at corporate and unallocated that are subject to fluctuation on a quarterly and annual basis. So if you answer specifically your question, if you look at for the year, corporate and unallocated was $44 million and on a -- and in the fourth quarter, it was a benefit of $121 million. The Q4 benefit was largely the result of annual incentive compensation accrual for the first nine months that has now been allocated back to the business segments based on final performance. This adjustment had no impact to total company margins because it's a move from corporate and unallocated to the business segment. And then for the full year 2024, we expect the expense range to be in the range of $100 million to $200 million on an adjusted basis.
Bruce Jermeland: Yes. Nigel, just to highlight, Monish during his prepared remarks, did mention that there is additional cost in Health Care for standing it up as a stand-alone entity. So that is having some margin impact within Health Care.
Bruce Jermeland: Yes, Jeff, the purpose of our statement is, so you guys can think about your outstanding share count that if we do exercise that option to pay in equity that, that will be treated as an excludes item in arriving at adjusted results. So that was only just to highlight, don't worry about the impact it is at our option. That is yet to be determined, but you don't have to take that into account relative to your share count on an adjusted basis.
Bruce Jermeland: There would be a difference in GAAP shares outstanding versus adjusted shares outstanding if we decide to exercise this option to issue equity. Yes, we'll make it clear in our financial reporting if that were to incur.
