Monish Patolawala: Yes. So Nigel, I would say when we gave you the guidance in December, at that time, we had not seen the pickup of N95s. And one of the factors that made us deliver better than what we thought in December was the pickup of the respirator business. We came in $40 million better than what we had originally predicted. So we have seen that pickup. But I would still say it’s volatile. We will see how this plays itself out. We are pleased with the partnership that we have with the federal government right now as regards to this. We’ve had a lot of dialogue with them. And as things evolve, we will keep you posted.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So I’ll start with that first comment, Nigel. And that’s an item that we constantly keep watching and debating. As you know, we’ve tried to fine-tune our analysis as much as we can on inflation. So what we saw exiting December was the pace of inflation slowed down versus the prior months. It’s still inflationary, but we saw the pace slow down. And I think that’s a positive. But again, it will depend on how winter plays itself out, it depends on logistics, etcetera, and whether the ports get uncongested. Just on data points and your other points on margin, etcetera, things to keep in mind as you get into 1Q ‘22. First of all, from an inflation perspective, you’re going to find not just us, but most companies have the highest – the toughest comp because if you remember, in the first quarter of last – of ‘21, there wasn’t as much inflation. We started seeing it in March and then it accelerated in April onwards. So I would factor that one in first. The second, I would say, is COVID uncertainty. You brought up the respirator demand, but there are other impacts also depending on what happens with COVID, labor shortages that we are seeing from our customers. We are seeing it in our own factories. Our vendors, I’m sure, are facing it, too. So that’s something we will have to watch. The third one is we are going to continue to invest in growth, productivity and sustainability. So I would say that’s an area as we continue to see it, we’re going to keep investing, especially in the areas Mike has already talked about. I would say we continue to see a strong market. We saw it in the fourth quarter. We are seeing it right now. And I think 2022 will continue to remain a strong market. The team has done a marvelous job in driving price. Price has gone up from 0.1% to 1.4% to 2.6%. Mike had talked about that also in his opening remarks that we see that to be a tailwind. Team has done a good job on executing on restructuring so there is approximately $70 million of carryover of restructuring benefits for the year. Auto and electric growth, right now, sequentially from a build rate is showing flat for the year of 2022. It’s a 9% increase. I think the chip shortage and where that ends up will have an impact on the auto business. Healthcare elective procedures came in at 90%. There are predictions that says they should be at 100% by Q4 2022. From our end, we are going to continue driving operating rigor. We’re going to continue to drive margin expansion, as we have said before. We will also have to watch litigation costs and see where that goes with all the cases that are on. And then Mike mentioned about Zwijndrecht, and we’re working with the authorities in Belgium for our factory, and we will have to see the impact and when we can start up production in some of those areas that are currently shut down. So all that put together, I would say, again, we are well positioned, and I know it’s a long answer to your question, Nigel, but I just wanted to give you a full framework. We are well positioned for 2022. We closed Q4 pretty well, and we hope to continue that momentum into 2022.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So Jeff, it’s $1.5 billion is what we did in 2021. It was $600 million in ‘19, $1.4 billion in 2020 and $1.5 billion in 2021. If you look at it quarter over – sequentially, we were down and we were also down $110 million versus Q4 of 2020. We believe that the peak was Q1 of 2021. And then depending on how it goes, but we believe in 2022, disposable respirator demand is going to be lower than what we had in 2021.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, Jeff, I think we are working through that. But just as Mike mentioned, pricing will continue to remain a tailwind for 2022. Inflation, I think we will have to watch how the different factors play out back to raw material logistics. I think what you’re going to see is you’re going to see some of your primary feedstocks start stabilizing, which we saw in December. But you are going to see specialty feedstock starting to get more expensive. We are seeing inflation has gone downstream now. So you’re seeing it in much more places than you had seen it before. I think what’s also going to impact inflation is what happens with the labor pool and what goes on there. And then as long as the ports can start getting uncongested, I think you’re going to see logistics costs come down. If commercial airline capacity comes back in, you’re going to start seeing air freight start coming down. So we are watching all of that. I would say first half in talking to people, our own analysis, etcetera, I think the first half is going to be tougher than the second half of 2022 when it comes to inflation. First half part of it is, as I mentioned, we are still seeing sequential increases, but slower. So that’s good. But you’re going to start facing last year’s comp when it comes to inflation. And I think that’s going to impact us. So I think we are well positioned and as I’ve told you before, the team has gone after price. We are managing a price raw equation as best we can, and we’re prepared to act as the situation evolves.
Monish Patolawala: So we’ve implemented big price increases in 4Q. But again, Scott, as we have said, a lot of these were pretty coordinated across different geographies, different markets. So, to the extent we see the need that we have to do in 1Q, we will do the same on 2022, we will do the same.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, Joe, as you said, we will give you more guidance as we go through. But just to answer your question more specifically, I would say a couple of things, and I’ve said that before, too, volume has the biggest impact for us on a margin, whether it’s SI BGT, BG healthcare or CBG. I think we will have to see what 1Q volume turns out to be, what headwinds we have or tailwinds. When you think about just the trends that those two businesses are seeing, overall GDP and IPI is going to be positive for 2022. I think it’s volatile in the first quarter and the second quarter and what that turns out. So that will determine industrial activity. On an auto build, it is flat to down sequentially, so – and it’s flat to down on a year-over-year basis, too. So that will have an impact on TEBG, that, of course, then we will have to see smartphone shipments. So that’s the macroeconomic environment. On our own, you’ve seen the team’s done a good job of raising price. So we have seen price go up sequentially through the quarter. And so you should see that price hold or get better. Inflation is another area that, again, I think we will face a very tough comp from last year. We had very little inflation in the first quarter of last year. So you are – on a year-over-year basis, Joe, going to face that comp. And then the third piece is on litigation. As we have told you we are actively working and defending ourselves and to combat our cases. It’s a little – right now, I don’t know where that goes, and we will keep doing what’s right to keep defending ourselves and see where those expenses land. So I think this is the best I can give you at this moment, a little bit of macroeconomic, some of our stuff. And then internally, the last piece before I turn it back to you for another question, is from driving supply chain efficiency, driving our factories, improving rigor, that’s just something we’re going to keep doing. We have done it. We will keep doing it. So that should help. And then supply chain availability or the manufacturing productivity impacts that we’ve had in the last two quarters, which has impacted SIBG and TEBG a lot, we will have to see how the material flows. Again, December turned out to be better and you saw that come through from a leverage perspective, which goes back to the comment that volumes as the best leverage.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So, I will start, Julian, with just reminding you, from a capital allocation perspective, and I will just – for everyone’s benefit, our first is always organic growth where we believe we will get the best return. You saw us putting in $1.6 billion from a CapEx perspective in 2021. For 2022 and beyond, we are going to continue to invest in growth. You have seen us make the big announcement in Clinton. It’s $0.5 billion of investment that we are going to put over the next couple of years. We also have given you our goal on sustainability where we plan to spend $1 billion, part of it CapEx, OpEx, which is front-end loaded. Third, as we had talked about on CapEx, we had mentioned during our earnings call as well as other updates throughout the quarter, our plan was to spend $1.8 billion to $2 billion. We were not able to, unfortunately, because of raw material and labor availability. So, to the extent that we have good programs out there, we are going to keep doing that. So, that’s organic growth. Second is, from a dividend perspective, we know it’s an important piece for our shareholders. We are going to continue to do that. Mike mentioned it was the 63rd year in 2021 that we increased dividend. So, we will see where 2022 goes with that. Third is M&A and portfolio. We have an active pipeline, and we are always looking for good businesses that can help us – that we can add value as well as the business that we acquire can add value to 3M and the shareholders. And then the last piece is share buyback, which we have done. And we stepped up in Q4, and we had mentioned that during our earnings call as well, I think – I am sorry, and certain updates in the quarter, where we said the stock was attractive, and we stepped into it, and that’s what we did in Q4. Talking specifically about working capital, working capital continues to remain a big priority for us, doing data and data analytics. And if you actually see and do the math, Julian, and you do cash conversion cycle in Q4 of 2020 versus Q4 of 2021, you are actually going to see that the velocity of working capital went up. The revenue was higher in total for 2021. So therefore, you do see the drag on working capital. And at the same time, if you further split working capital up inventory is where with all the supply chain challenges, that’s an area that the team has done a nice job of managing the inventory, but that’s where you have much more opportunity as supply stabilizes. So, that’s an area I would say we are going to continue driving cash. There is a lot of opportunity to keep giving strong cash. We generated $6 billion and then from a net debt-to-EBITDA basis, we are down to 1.4 versus when I started 18 months ago, we were at close to 2.3, 2.4. So, the team has done a really nice job of driving cash and working capital is a big piece of it.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, Brett, it’s really hard to do it that way because it has a compounding effect. So, unfortunately, it’s hard to isolate the number. In total, when we put the manufacturing productivity together, including the spend, you can see it’s $0.33 negative in total, which included three things. One is lower volume, which has an impact first on just generally the plans. Second is the material productivity. The third is the wage inflation and the prior headwinds that we had talked about when it comes to variable compensation, and then we continued to invest in growth, productivity and sustainability.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So, I think we are watching it, Brett. I think our view is we are going to see a volatile environment in the first half. Things should get better in the second half. But I would not expect a big snap back on stability of supply in 1Q of 2022.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So, $40 million was for the whole quarter, Deane, just to clarify that. December definitely had a pickup there. Consumer came in strong and then healthcare came in strong. So, that’s the other two I would call out in December.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So, I would say, Andy, and I will start with your first thing on chips. So, production did go up in auto in December versus what was originally planned. For the year, auto ended at plus 2 for the quarter, it ended at minus 13. And I think it came in a little better than what was the original forecast. So, it did get a little better there. I think what we are seeing is it’s still volatile from a supply chain perspective. And our view is that you are going to see that volatility in the first half of 2022. When you take consumer electronics, consumer electronics was down on a year-over-year basis. It’s projected to be up from ‘21 to ‘22 for the year, and we will have to see when launches happen, etcetera. And then on the fluids or that’s – the semiconductor of our business, the business has grown very well. We continue to perform very well. We continue to deliver value for our customers. And in 2022, you should expect us to continue doing the same.
Monish Patolawala: Listen, I don’t have much to add, Steve, other than the fact that when we look at the opportunity at 3M, whether it’s growth at or by macro, margin expansion and strong cash. Underneath that, you can tuck in portfolio. Digital is a big opportunity for us, whether it’s leveraging data and data analytics. And I just view my job as to enable the teams to achieve what 3M can. So, I am excited and we have a great set of people working on this.
Monish Patolawala: No, Steve, it’s pretty consistent. As the level of buyback is always our fourth priority in the four priorities to the extent the amount of buyback will always get determined by the amount of cash we have, what the market is doing, what the opportunities are. And as I mentioned in the fourth quarter, we saw an opportunity where we thought the stock was attractive. And we felt we should step up buyback in the fourth quarter, but no change in tone, that still remains the fourth priority in our list of capital allocation priorities.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, it’s a good one, John. So, you heard it right, it’s $70 million. And the reason is we achieved more in the fourth quarter than we had previously thought. And that’s why you also saw margins came in higher and because we achieve more. So, just to recap the program, in total, we have spent the program that was announced in Q4 of 2020. We had said we would go in – we have spent $260 million to-date. We had told you in Q3 that it would be $300 million to $325 million. Right now, we are saying up to $300 million. We had said benefits would be in the range of $200 million to $250 million. We achieved approximately $180 million in that program. So, there is a carryover benefit of $70 million.
Mike Roman: Yes, Jeff, this was part of our – really following through on what we committed to do and we announced back at the beginning of 2021 to make an investment in reducing the water use in our factories, improving the water quality of our largest facilities. And part of that is this discharge – controlling discharges, reducing that as part of that investment. And that includes what – PFAS is a broad category of chemistries. We’ve talked about how we exited now almost 2 decades ago, the PFOA, PFOS chemistries, which are a part of a lot of the discussions in PFAS, but there are other PFAS chemistries that are used in chemical manufacturing and generally in some of our sites. And that was the focus. I mean, we’re always in compliance with the regulations that are on our plants. This is a chance to step forward and do even more and reduce further. And that was what I talked about with Zwijndrecht. This is reducing further below our requirements at the time, our additional – improving the water quality even further.
Mike Roman: Yes, Scott, back to the comments I made in my prepared remarks, we’re in the middle of this right now. We continue to work with the local authorities. We’re appealing and discussing the change in our wastewater discharge permit there. It could have a material impact and potentially in production at the site. So that’s something we wanted to be clear on. It’s – we’re in the middle of it, and I don’t really want to speculate at this point on what it will ultimately mean. This is a priority for us. We have our best people working on it, actively working the problem, and we will update as appropriate as we go forward here as we work through it.
Mike Roman: Yes, Joe, we try to keep you updated even in these calls on what’s coming next. And we don’t have any specific trials coming up in PFAS. The next one is related to the MDL, which we’re expecting in 2023. There is, as you know, EPA is working on a management plan and there is a strategic road map through the President Biden’s administration. So we’re – we will be watching that and updating you as we learn more around that. Related to combat arms, just frame this up. We have great respect for the brave men and women of the military protectors around the world. And we have a long partnership here. We’ve been providing products and continue to provide products in the matter with the combat arms, we believe our product was safe and effective in its use, and we’re vigorously defending ourselves. And we’ve been working through these bellwether trials. We’ve had 10 trials so far, five of those were in our favor. 8 actually were dismissed in addition to the 10 trials we’ve had, and we’re in the middle of those bellwether. So there is another six bellwethers planned for 2022. And we will update you as we go through that and we will update you as appropriate.
Mike Roman: Yes, Julian, I would say, first, it reinforces what we have been talking about. Our portfolio strategy is actively continuously evaluating our portfolio. We do that to make decisions on where we invest organically, more attractive markets that can leverage 3M’s capabilities, fundamental strengths. We look at acquisitions that can complement what we do organically and when integrated into 3M, give us attractive markets that can add value in greater than some of the parts of the two businesses. We also are looking how to maximize value all the time. And that is everything from managing our businesses differently to up to and including divestitures. And we have done a number of those over time where we saw better owners or greater value to be really achieved through the divestiture. And sometimes that’s strengthening the business so they can deliver greater value to customers. It’s always focused on how can we deliver greater value creation through the business, including returns to our shareholders. And so when you look at food safety, while it was an organic priority for us because it had strong growth opportunities and can leverage some of the capabilities of 3M, we also saw a path to greater value, a combination with Neogen, where you can strengthen the two businesses by putting them together and really create greater value for customers and for shareholders. So, it’s very consistent with what – how we look at our portfolio management, and I think it’s an outcome of a continuous process. And we are going to continue to actively manage our portfolio.
Mike Roman: Brett, it’s really something we focus on, prioritizing our investments. We talk about prioritizing in growth, productivity and sustainability as we have come through the pandemic, as we came through 2021 accelerating those investments where we saw the best opportunity. That’s R&D, that’s CapEx, that’s commercial investments. Very big focus on R&D, as you would expect. It’s where we drive our innovation with that investment in R&D. And so the overall percent of sales that you see at an enterprise level, it wouldn’t surprise you that there are parts of our portfolio that are much higher than that and others that are lower than average. And we are prioritizing that in some of the areas that I talked about in my prepared remarks. We see attractive investments. So, we actually are increasing R&D in some areas and managing it overall pretty well in line with where we have come from. But there is a lot going on underneath that. It’s really that prioritization where we are targeting stepping up our investments in those most attractive areas. And it’s true for CapEx as well.
Mike Roman: Yes. Andy, I would take you to GDP and IPI, I think you – there is an outlook for 2022 that says we are going to see a pretty good backdrop globally, led by probably U.S. and Asia in that regard and the stronger areas, IPI, GDP, both. If you look – if you go into China, in particular, we saw growth in 2021. We were up low-single digits in Q4, which was similar to the overall China macro. For the whole year, we were up low-double digits, which was above the macro for China. So, continue to see growth opportunities there. Our growth was led by our healthcare business. We saw growth in our consumer business. Both of those were up low teens. Our industrial business was up low-single digits in the quarter. And where we saw some weakness was in transportation and electronics, really back to the semiconductor chip challenges, some of the supply chain challenges. Those were impacting that in China as well. So, I paint that picture, so you can kind of see we have a focus on growing at or above the macro in China as well. And the outlook is to be positive. And we are prioritizing, like everywhere else, where we see the trends. And some of those areas in electronics have continued to stay strong, while overall consumer electronics challenged with the chip shortage. We saw strength in semiconductor fabrication, factory automation. So, they are – we see those as areas that we are well positioned as we come into 2022 as well.
Mike Roman: Yes, Steve, I am interested in Monish’s answer as well, but I thought I would just frame it up. He is leading transformation, which is really taking responsibility for leading our IT and digital strategy, and overall transformation includes what we call business transformation. Monish has been driving some of these efforts from his role as CFO, and he led transformation his prior employer as well. He brings that operating rigor to it. So, when we recently hired a new Chief Information and Digital Officer that reports to Monish as part of that. So, if you think about it, it’s really that business transformation we have talked about for a number of years, focused on deploying new digital capabilities, digital strategy broadly, digital enterprise capabilities like our ERP and our move to the cloud, also digital operations and even how we are digitizing for our customers. And so it’s really bringing his leadership to that. So, Monish can give you his perspective on it.
Mike Roman: Yes. Andrew, I would say what we came through December into the New Year, there is a lot of uncertainty around Omicron and how it’s going to impact supply chains globally. And in China, obviously, an important focus there and with the Olympics coming a spotlight on that as well. We have been managing supply chain, logistics issues there as well. You saw that a little bit play out in the China export numbers in Q4, down like low-single digits, I think for the quarter. So, it’s something we are focused on. We have been managing through the challenges we have seen and we will update you as we get further into February and March.
Mike Roman: Yes, Andrew, maybe I will start with we have been investing – accelerated investments in a number of areas as we come through COVID and it’s really recognizing some of the trends, maybe even that we came into the pandemic with that accelerated. So, we talk about investments in automotive electrification, maybe less COVID-related, but certainly a trend that’s accelerating. We saw home improvement accelerate during COVID. So, we are investing in those areas. We are seeing strong growth as we came through 2021 in those areas, and we see that continuing as we go forward. So, that’s the way we look at it. There is – across our portfolio, we have talked often about different parts of our portfolio, how are they doing relative year-over-year even back to 2019. I would say we had strength in broad parts of the portfolio, including those that we are investing in. There is a couple of areas that are still recovering. And Monish even highlighted one in his comments about how elective procedures are still at about 90% of medical procedures that is at about 90% of where they were in 2019. So, there is the impact of COVID on increased hospitalization rates and the knock-on effect on healthcare, there is still – we think there is still some impact net-net versus 2019 in some of those areas. So, it plays out a little differently across our portfolio, even where we saw strong demand in our home care, in our cleaning products in 2020, of tough comp and a little lower growth as we came through 2021. So, there is a number of trends that we are watching, again, prioritizing where we see an opportunity to invest and leverage 3M’s strengths and then – and managing those other areas to – in the middle of the supply chain disruptions to serve customers as things recover.
Mike Roman: Thank you. To wrap up, I am proud of our team’s performance in 2021, and we are well positioned for a successful 2022. I look forward to talking to you again at our February 14th meeting. Have a good day.
