Matt Ginter: Hello, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2011 business review. Today, we'll review our most recent results, along with an updated outlook for the rest of this year. The PowerPoint presentation accompanies today's conference call, which you can access on 3M's Investor Relations website at 3m.com. Today's slide presentation and the audio replay will be archived on our website for an extended period of time. With me today are George Buckley, 3M Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Meline, our Chief Financial Officer. Please take a moment to read the forward-looking statement on Slide #2. During today's conference call, we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views about our future performance and financial results. We base these statements on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Item 1A of our most recent Form 10-K list some of our most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our predictions. So with that, let's get started, and I'll turn the program over to George. Please turn to Slide #3.
Matt Ginter: Jeff, it's Matt. Could you please just try to repeat your question? You were breaking up on our end.
Matt Ginter: Steve, can I clarify one thing. This is Matt. I think what Dave had quoted volume expectations for D&G, we're talking organic volume, okay? So remember, D&G absorbs some price down every quarter. So if you're looking at total organic sales dollars, including price, you may be on a slightly different basis than he was. And we can clarify offline.
Matt Ginter: Thank, everybody for joining us, spending  time this morning. We look forward to talking to you very soon. Bye-bye.
George Buckley: Thank you very much, David. Now for a few words about our full year outlook. Given the Japan tsunami tragedy, TV market dynamics and some signs of a slower economic growth, we always knew that second quarter would be the most challenging in the year. The test now is to figure out what's most likely to happen in the rest of 2011. We know that as faster growth resumes, we will see the rapid benefit of that. In Japan, automotive plants are coming back on stream. And since the largest part of our automotive sales are what we would call, spec in components. And if you've seen market share among OEMs could impact our sales if we are expecting  on the substitute car sales. So I see some upside in automotive in Japan in the second half and ultimately, in their reconstruction activities. We begin to see sales increase in protective equipment and window films and similarly slow in Japan-based consumer electronics. It appears that our industrial, safety and security businesses will remain robust in the near term. As a counterbalance to that, given the loss on some tack [ph] in the LCD TV market, I see no upside in optical this year, unless fuel prices continue to fall and consumer spending in general begins to improve. As new TV models are developed for lease,  however, we usually regain attachment rates. Outside the TV business, our cost sales in China, Taiwan and Korea remain strong and showed no signs of abating. They're all well into the 20s range and even 30s in one case. As to whether the  Chinese government can execute a soft landing in dialing back growth, I'm quite confident that they will pull it off. The Chinese government is stuffed full of some of the most brilliant and best educated minds in the world, and based on history, I, for one, will not bet against them. Let's also remember that this soft landing is pulling back growth from about 11% to about 9%, not from 3% to 1%. And the counterbalancing effects of easing inflation more than offset the slightly lower growth. More of a demand may be leaking outside China, adding to let [ph]  [demands elsewhere and muting the overall impact. Some pretty good news is that we have been gathering strength in the United States, with growth rates beginning to accelerate. In fact, we grew 8.7% in the second quarter. It appears that we are beginning to gain share. The Census Bureau data shows U.S. inventory was a little bit higher, possibly suggesting some transient corrections happened in June. But durable goods orders were up 1.9%, arithmetically consistent with recorded expansions in U.S. GDP. Overall, the leading economic indicators are positive for the U.S. and for most of Europe, except for France. So I remain mildly optimistic, not for huge growth spurt, but for gradually improving market conditions later in the third quarter. We have good momentum of price recovery, which I think will continue to accelerate, and this bodes well for margins in the second half. Netting all of these factors together, we continue to expect organic sales growth will be in the range 6% to 7.5%, including an expected 1% drag from Japan. No material change versus our prior expectations. So for 2011 in total, putting this together with the acquisitions, price and a more positive currency outlook, we're expecting strong double-digit growth with revenues easily eclipsing the $30 billion mark for the year. We now expect that per share earnings will be between $6.10 to $6.25 range versus a previous expectation of $6.05 to $6.25. So we're taking up the low end by $0.05. All in all, after a good second quarter, yet slightly tougher economic picture, we believe this is the right way to think about 2011. Thank you all very much for your attention, and we'll now be happy to take your questions. Thanks a lot, everyone.
George Buckley: You've got a voice activated phone but it sounded [indiscernible]. We heard about half of what you said.
George Buckley: I think Jeff, I mean, we always knew even, obviously, going to the second quarter, we knew that this was going to be, I call it the nut hole, that we were going to get dragged through this year. So I think the second quarter was just fine, and we see a lot of strength in the industrial businesses, in SS&PS. Pricing favoring us going forward, so it seems to be good momentum on price recovery. Japan, here and there, generally more optimistic, particularly in automotive. But then you've got this always,  you said, Jeff, of optical, which is probably pulling in maybe a $0.05 drag on the numbers. So all in all, it's really a pretty good story going forward, with the exception of that 1 point. And we see probably, maybe beginning in the late third quarter, probably a little bit of reactionary. I'm not talking about any great transition to some sort of great new growth future, but I think the economy, as it's gone through this kind of pause, will go through another point of inflection sometime around the end of the third quarter and begin to accelerate again. So we remain pretty optimistic, and the numbers in modeling that we've done suggest that this is a reasonably robust set of numbers on our forecast.
George Buckley: It's running in about 32%, Steve. So it's still doing very well. I mean, this is what I said on my talk. You just got to be careful not to so get confused by the underlying growth, how it was impacted by Japan and in particular by optical. It's running still pretty robust, and ties very well with the kind of arithmetic way we're thinking about, the kind of calculus, shall we say, of how we translate those NPVI numbers back into growth. So I don't think in the underlying business, Steve, there's anything really to be concerned about. Japan obviously is going to pass. OPEB adventure [ph] will get a little bit better next year. Optical will do kind of its cyclic thing and H1N1 headwinds cease. So I think the underlying strength of the company is still very, very strong in what was always going to be a little bit tighter quarter for the company.
George Buckley: Obviously, the raw material expectations, Steve, is very much tied to what expected demand is. If demand is -- I'm talking about global demand -- if that's high, we'll see probably still continued pressure on commodities and really, the point Dave is making is -- and the indication is we're probably going to be a lot more aggressive on price and make sure we capture that early. It remains to be seen, yet whether some easing of commodity prices will happen. Some have come off of their highs. But I think the actions that we've taken  bottle up better for the second half on margins than they have in the first.
George Buckley: Well, I think the -- first of all, John, no customer, particularly the closer you get to the end market, no customer likes price increases. They don't like getting them. We don't like giving them. We don't like getting them ourselves. So nothing really is changing that in that. But I think the volatile commodity market is sort of owned a new chapter, I think, in a sense it opened a new chapter in customer relations. Customers understand this stuff. They watch it themselves. They're global players. Many of them play in these commodity markets themselves, and they understand the issue of commodity inflation. So we go to them. We have people who are extraordinarily good at this kind of customer relationship. We work on the basis of no surprises. We try to warn customers early. We try to tell them what we're suffering, and therefore, I mean, in the end, it may not necessarily make them anymore sympathetic to our case, but at least they understand it. And it doesn't cause the kind of reactionary negative sort of feelings that you might if you didn't have such good relations. SO I think, John, that it's likely to be a feature of the world going forward I would say. But of course, what it also does for us is there's a constant drumbeat in our company of trying to find ways to reduce the impact of these things, substitute materials, different materials, lower usages of those materials, that kind of  constant pressure cooker that we have in our company to ease the impact that these sort of things have on us and then ultimately, have on our customers. So I don't think that the -- I can't expect it to go away, but I think most of it is being conditioned to the fact that this is a kind of the way of the world. Now to come to the last part of your question, which was how can we avoid this kind of delay. I think it's a structural issue in our company, John, that the procurement is separated from our operating divisions, and also we have relatively long supply chains still. They're shortening but they're still relatively long. And before you see the impact in our P&L accounts, it tends to be a sort of a somewhat several month delay. And about the only way that we can really, I think, improve this is to be a lot more vigorous of putting in prices probably before we actually see the impact in our P&L for these individual divisions. So they may be kind of an operating philosophy change that has to get made by us, but they would be things I would to offer to you.
George Buckley: Sorry, that 4%, we have about 25% of cost of goods sold -- sorry, 25% of sales is material purchases. So that produces about a 1% drag overall on margins. So if we get a net 1% gain in price, that offsets that. And that's coming more in the second half. So that's why David is saying we expect kind of a more optimistic outlook on pricing margins in the second half.
George Buckley: Well, you've point your finger on a good point, Terry. Prices are high, and you know the way we are. We're conservative. And certainly, we're not going to be chasing expensive tails just for the sake of the getting expensive deals. But for now, we see no reason to come off the forecast that we've made. It may well be that, that will change. But for now, I think the hopper of acquisitions is full. It's rich in the sense of plenty of opportunities. So it's too soon to sort of say anything different than what we said in the past, Terry. But I would agree with your sort of general observation that prices are a little bit higher than they have been here before.  And as is traditional for us, we don't like that.
George Buckley: Well, Deane, on the loss of, actually, equipment, that's an easier claim to make on. On business interruption, that's a little bit more sort of nefarious  because they want some time. The insurance companies want some time to see how sales unfold, did you recover some sales in the future, and of course, you have the argument are those sales fundable [ph], are they the same sale, replacement sales. In the case of the automotive businesses, when you have a specified in component, just because some -- maybe the Japanese are out of the market, maybe Persia [ph]  replaces them with a car, but you may not be specified in on that virtual cost. So we think we can sustain an argument that there was a good loss of business case, and it will take some time. But overall, our insurance people here in the company who are very, very good at this, all the other experiences they have, very good at this. They become increasingly optimistic at a decent percentage recovery of the total loss that we've reported so far.
George Buckley: Well, I mean, the answer to the question is an obvious one, Scott. It will provide other opportunities to do other things with that capital. But without getting ourselves sort of out in front over our SKUs as we sometimes do in this part of the world. We have a pretty full hopper of opportunities. So I think it's too soon to give up on that, Scott. But as we said earlier to one of our colleagues,  prices are little bit tougher, they're a little bit higher. There seems to be more optimism on selling prices by the sellers. And so we will be prudent in the way that we invest our money, your money actually. But I think it's too soon to tell. It's too soon to sort of giving up on that and deciding what plan B is. But obviously, if plan B came along, we're always going to prefer internal investments, and buybacks and dividends are always be an important part of what we do. And they will certainly get consideration if and when that time comes, Scott. But I think it's too early to say right now.
George Buckley: So Scott, it's not only the volume increases, probable volume increases in Japan, which would get us leveraged. But Japan is fairly strongly accretive to the overall company in margins. So you'd see that impact coming forward, too. So there's quite a number of these things that we see. There's, of course, by that time, we ought to have been caught upon on this price raw materials issue as well. It remains to be seen. Nobody really knows where that's going to go next year, the prices versus raw material game. But I think there's 3 or 4 or maybe 5 different things that are very positive in the margin accretion game.
George Buckley: Well, Germany remains very strong. It's one of the -- perhaps, one of the models that other countries ought to use. Obviously, we gained some currency there. But it remains very, very strong, been running in total in the 20s. So it's really been quite remarkable.
George Buckley: Yes, it's an interesting question, Shannon. It really is an interesting question because everybody is trying to sort of figure out where this market goes. Is it something that kind of -- everybody sort of has a rough to bottom. Will the market sort of stabilize, mature and have some sort of more of middle ground approach? But I think ultimately, the quality set manufacturers are talking about trying to find ways to add more features and not be quite so much there in that sort of down and dirty area and try to use some of their brand power, some of their creative power, get help from guys like us to sort of by the way to differentiate them. Because really what always happen is as markets come to the bottom, Shannon, is as you kind of plumb the depths, a substantial number of customers say, you know what? I don't like this plumb depths. I want some more features. And so manufacturers, set manufacturers in particular, are kind of preparing for that. And so I think that the way that this attachment rate goes, it probably stabilizes in the late teens. I think probably -- I mean, if we're optimistic, it might be 20, but I think it's in that late teens area, probably dedicated more to the performance segment of the business. And we'll have to see whether continued innovation allows us to push back attachment rates in that business. Remember, we're really speaking about TVs here. There's not an issue in the handhelds or monitors, and I think even in some of the technology develops in monitors where nonpowered monitors, USB port powered monitors need film. So some of those pushes, Shannon, will alter the kind of complexity of the business and  maybe help us a bit with monitors.  But I think all in all, this is a business that will settle down and TVs, probably in that late teens area. The blended business being in the 20s margin. The challenge always for all of us and not just us for you, I know, is when you look at integrated over a year or over a year and a half, average over that period of time, this ends up being a very good business, $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion, 20 points, 25 points margin in that kind of spread. You'd see it. Then, what's not to like? What's not to like sometimes is the ups and downs. But it has, over the years now, become a much smaller portion of our business. And its ability to sort of impact and really hurt us in any meaningful way has now wind. We just take a look at this quarter alone. Really tough time for optical, but yet the company delivered on target earnings and also, with Japan, headwinds and some general economic tightening. So I think it shows -- it bodes well, generally speaking, for the company, there is optical becomes less and less a factor, and that business becomes closer to maturity. Stability will, I think, ensue in that market. The market players will establish themselves in a quality end, that will be the place we play. And I think overall, probably in the next 2 to 3 years, we'll see this business stabilize into a much more regular kind of commoditized consumer-type pattern with some down price but not with the kind of volatility and bouncing around that we see today.
David Meline: Yes, this is David Meline. On the first point, as it relates to the FX impact on the margins, what you do see is you see some variation from quarter-to-quarter, primarily because of the fact that we have hedge gains and losses. In this case, we had losses as the dollar was weakening, and it created a higher than sort of average impact on the quarter. So that will move around from quarter-to-quarter. But over time, as I had said, we expect that FX will impact us more or less similar to our operating margins. Secondly, in terms of pricing, as I said, yes, we had a number of price increases that took place, both in the first quarter as well as late last year. We had some more in the second quarter, which we didn't have the full effect of through the quarter. So while most of the action has taken place with the exception of, for example, consumer, where we will have some price increases in Q3, we will see -- just because of the fact that we'll have the full effect through the second half, will help us somewhat on pricing.
David Meline: Yes, the biggest impact in Japan was roughly half of the impact of Japan landed in ITB. So you see ITB had very good growth again in the second quarter, which reflects the overall momentum across the business, but it was certainly impacted negatively in Q2 by Japan. The second most significant impact was in the electronics space, which is the combination of the impact on ECB, which, as you've just pointed out, you can attribute part of that decline to what happened in Japan. And also, there was some impact of Japan on the optical business. So part of it is just moving to a more normalized level of sales for ECB that you were talking about, and we're pretty pleased. I mean, we had a 12% first half growth in the business. We expect that to continue, and we think it's reasonable to think about double digits for that business for the year.
David Meline: Certainly, we're seeing that with the strong move we saw in the end of last year and the first quarter, that, as you know, has started to stabilize. So as we look at on a year-over-year basis, yes, we will see some stabilization. And then as I was saying earlier, with the price increases that have been put in, we'll have the full effect of those in the second half. So obviously, we're expecting to get a better matching of performance to get that offset in the second half. And quite honestly, our early view of '12, would say, we expect to continue to see some raw material pressure. So we'll be looking at what we're going to need moving into next year in terms of managing our prices as well.
David Meline: Yes. What I would say is that very much in line with what we've talked about, but we think that the optical business is going to struggle in the second half. If I look at D&G in total, we gave guidance at the beginning of the year where we thought that the sector would grow in the range of 3% to 7% for the year. Right now, we're thinking for the year that we could be flat as a business. So obviously, that implies some weakening, primarily in the optical business and then a little bit we've also seen that with government spending is being controlled,we've  also seen some weaker performance in our signage business, which we're hopeful will improve, but we're being cautious about that as well.
David Meline: Terry, I'm going to have to get back to you. I'm just looking at Q1. We're down 22% in Q1. We would have been down a little bit on dollars in the first quarter as well, but let me come back to you on second half Q2. Yes, the toughest comp in optical actually will be Q3 for us.
David Meline: Yes. If you look at the raw materials and pricing outlook, a few points. One is that, as we had said last time, we now expect raw material price inflation for the year to be 4% year-over-year. So that's consistent with what we had previously indicated. And as pricing has stabilized in that market, we think the risk of that running higher on us this year is certainly abated. Secondly, we've been driving, aiming towards full price offset in the calendar year, and the businesses, if you look across the businesses, we expect certainly 5 of our 6 segments will deliver on that. The one risk we have is, of course, in the optical business, where we expect to see more price pressure continuing in the second half. So exactly how that plays out, we can't say. But we continue to drive towards parity in that regard.
David Meline: Yes, we have the pricing we need with the exception of the consumer business, which the nature of that rhythm of price adjustments takes place primarily in Q3.
David Meline: I think from an assumption perspective, the right assumption is to assume that will remain as previously guided in terms of the full year.
David Meline: Okay. So certainly, we've set out a plan where we expect good growth for the business through the calendar year. As we've talked about, we've upped our capital expenditure plans for the calendar year from last year where we invested $1.1 billion. Now we're looking at $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. As you can see, that, that will land more in the second half and then in the first as we have a number of projects that are underway, in particular internationally, where those will start coming on stream either late this or into 2012. So we expect that trend to continue. We don't see any reason that, that's going to change. We expect that our capital investment in terms of as a percent of revenue,  probably continues through '12. And as long as the economy continues, we're going to need that capacity. In terms of investing in the business, we've tried to lay out here to get fairly specific on the SG&A to help you to interpret what is going on in the business.  And what I would say is 2 things: one, is we continue to invest in our growth platforms, which certainly involves taking on additional commitments in terms of staff, in terms of advertising and merchandising. But we also have a discipline in the company, where we expect to get 5% productivity annually. So when you look at the net increase, it's not huge. But if you look at the second level, the fact is as we continue to invest in the business because, as George had articulated, we think this is a pause, but it would be inappropriate for us to be pulling back in a very severe way at the moment.  So there are some businesses, of course, that have their own specific challenges, but generally, we continue to stay on our plan and continue to invest for growth here.
David Meline: Yes. So what I said, toughest comp is for the optical business. They had a very strong momentum still through Q3 of last year. So as we look at the current dynamics in the business where we're quite cautious on the industry right now, we expect them that the year-over-year will be tougher in Q3 for optical, whereas by Q4 of last year, as you know, we saw quite a significant correction in the optical business. So that comp will be not quite as difficult.
David Meline: What we know is that if you look at D&G in total, only about half of optical is D&G. So we continue to have good momentum in terms of the CG business, our commercial graphics. We expect that traffic signage, even though we've had some delays in government spending, that will continue to grow for us. And then, as I say, the comp on OSD, on optical will not be as quite as difficult in the fourth quarter.
David Meline: Yes, if I could kind, Steve, good question. So where we have the very good momentum and if you look at compared to our full year organic volume guidance that we've given last year, certainly, ECB and ITB, we could see them coming a little bit above the high end of that 7% to 9% guidance we gave last year. Safety and security has got good momentum here, coming into the second half, and they've also lapped the H1N1. So they could come at the top or even a little bit above as where we had indicated, which was mid-single digits. And then consumer and Health Care, if you look at our original guidance, 5% to 7% on the year, we think they'll come in towards the low end of that range, which does, as you point out, indicate a little bit of a recovery, which, for us, looks reasonable consumer. We're coming into a season where, while it's early to say, we foresee some recovery there. In Health Care, specifically, we saw second quarter was running similar to the first in terms of the medical and dental business. We were encouraged by the continued sales there. We had a specific issue in Health Care in Q2, where our drug delivery systems business had some delays in some contracts. So that pulled down the result in Q2, which we don't think is going to repeat in the second half. So I think your comments are right on Consumer and Health Care. And then D&G, we talked about.
David Meline: No. Yes, certainly, what we've seen is -- as you know, we're increasing our capital investment this year by $200 million to $400 million from the prior period, specifically because we've got a number of areas where we run into  capacity limitations. We do foresee that trend in terms of absolute spending to continue to rise. Would I call it an expectation of a sharp increase in 2012? No, I would say a steady increase. And what we observe is kind of a sweet spot for the company given our level of the vertical integration here is typically in around the 5% range in terms of percent of revenue.
David Meline: Yes, well, that's right. There's some specific items that we can see right now would be tailwinds for us next year. For example, if, in fact, interest rates stay at the levels where we started the year and we see return on assets as we have in our plans, that would, then, on a year-over-year basis give us about $100 million tailwind next year in terms of pension expense, which would help our margins. The second most obvious factor to us right now is the fact that we expect Japan, which is being -- which is clearly a drag on the company this year, will be  at least neutral. And quite honestly, we're optimistic that we'll see that become a tailwind for us next year. And then the third factor is we intend to continue to grow the business. And if you look at the incremental margins from additional sales that the company generates, it's quite impressive. And we have the choices, then, to choose to either reinvest that in the business, maintaining margins or depending on where we are, also allowing that to manage to the bottom line as well.
David Meline: But I would say we're just beginning the planning process right now, so it's really early for us to talk about where we're going to land in 2012. And there are a lot of pluses and minuses. There's a lot of uncertainty about what's going to happen with the economy. What we do know is that we're making progress in terms of driving towards our long-term goals. And so we've got good momentum in the business, but there's obviously, still a lot of open questions. I think the right framing for us is to think about the company delivering margins in the range that we've demonstrated over the last several years, and really, we continue to focus on confirming that we can have a sustainably higher growth rate. So on the margin, we're tending to look at where those opportunities are to ensure that we can deliver on that higher level of growth.
David Meline: Yes. In Europe, what we did see in the second quarter and you're absolutely right, we saw an overall softening take place in the economy, which affected the business. We continue to be quite, honestly, very pleased in terms if you look at the organic volume performance versus the industrial production there. We're satisfied that we're continuing to gain share in the overall market. But what clearly was the case is for us, at least, the European business was impacted by softness in some of the markets, including in the U.K. and in Southern Europe in particular. So we had those impacts. We also had a contract in one of the divisions that ended. So we had some specific reductions in sales. And if you look at the drug delivery systems business that I talked about earlier, a big portion of their business is in Europe. So we saw some delays in contract awards, which flowed through the European results.
David Meline: Yes, we -- I think you've anticipated the answer, which we think that the high 20s is really the sweet spot for the business right now, balancing in terms of delivering to the bottom line and ensuring that we're investing appropriately, both in terms of new technologies and products, as well as we've talked about in the past, the key focus for our Health Care business is to continue to expand their footprint, in particular, focused on emerging markets. So the answer would be, I think from a planning perspective, continuing at this kind of margin level into the second half is the right way to think about it.
David Meline: What we see right now, as I've said earlier, we see good momentum in the ITB business. It's a business that was affected by raw material cost increases, a little bit more severely than most of the others. They've done a good job in terms of putting in pricing to offset that. So we think they've dealt with the -- at least, the near term issues on raw materials. What's impacted, in particular, their margin here in the first half, including the second quarter was a combination of the impact of Japan, which is, as I mentioned, an important business for ITB, as well as they've done a couple of acquisitions and we had some purchase accounting that was impacting us here in the second quarter, as well as some start-up transitions. So with Japan, waning, at least, becoming neutral to the business and then with the acquisitions gaining momentum, we think those would be tailwinds for the business in the second half.
David Meline: In terms of share count, yes. If we kind of walk through that, what we've said at the beginning of the year is from a gross buyback perspective, we would do $2 billion to $2.5 billion. We did $1.4 billion in the first half. So obviously, trending at the high end of that range. What's also the case is we said that on a net basis, we would do I think $1 billion to $1.3 billion. And what we are seeing is more reissuances than originally planned for in the year. And therefore, in terms of the average share count, it is correct that we expect the average share count to be somewhat higher this year than we had originally indicated.
