Monish Patolawala: That's great question, Nigel. I think when I gave you the range of 19% to 20%, as we have said in my prepared remarks, we were facing a lot of inflation. At the same time, there is a lot of uncertainty as regards volumes, as regards supply chain flow. And then third, I'd also mentioned that as we were facing all those items, we were also doing our own self-help versus just letting these things go through whether it was guild sourcing, whether it was controlling some of our expenses, etc.  And then you put all that together, we came in at the 20%. If you look at where we ended up, I would say inflation came in pretty much where we thought it was going to be. We executed on price, we moved from 10 basis points of price increase in Q2 to a 140 basis points in Q3. So that was pretty much in line, and we were able to execute more volumes of our vendors. with flow of supply. We were able to get good flow supply.  There's strong demand, as Mike said, and we were able to execute the demand, as well as we controlled our expenses across the corporation to make sure that we were prioritizing on serving our customers and trying to mitigate impact of inflation as much as we could. So put all that in, we came in at the 20% versus the range of 19 to 20 that I mentioned earlier.
Monish Patolawala: So I would start by sayin, Nigel, a couple of things. So your math is not real, if you follow the implied guide that we gave you. It's directionally very close. I think a couple of things on just the items you talked about, which is priced raw. We expect to continue to have continued momentum in price in the fourth quarter.  You saw us again go up from 10 to 140 basis points and we should see that go up as price continues to take hold across the various geographies and product lines, things that we've talked about before. I would say we don't see the raw material or the inflation environment slowing down in any way. I think you're going to see that volatility.  It's going to depend on what the holiday season does. It depends on what logistics costs are going to be. Our goal is to get to neutral. The question is going to be, how does raw materials at some point play itself out, and do we see a turn in some of the commodities like, polypropylene, ethylene, etc, where we have seen a lot of inflation?  I would say that's number 1 on your question. I think there was another point on bridge on revenue. I would just say if you're looking 3 to 4Q, just remember there are a couple of things that impact 3M. There's one less billing day from 3Q to 4Q and secondly, you have a normal seasonality that you have in 3M as many of the factories with our industrial customers slowed down during the holidays and that's the impact. So I think you've answered your question, but if there's anything else I'm happy to answer, Nate.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. It is -- good question Jeff. Listen, as we're trying to be helpful by giving you what we're seeing right now. Is there a possibility that customers continuing to keep running through 24/7, and that there's more production that comes out from them. Absolutely possible and as Mike mentioned in so have I, will do whatever it takes to make sure that we keep serving our customers. Overall, I would still say this is a short-term phenomenon.  Long-term, we're seeing good end-market trends. And that's why you're seeing us continue to invest. So your point on the next piece which is Capex and where we were I would say the areas where we're looking to keep investing, we're in all the 3 buckets, growth, productivity, and sustainability, and the cycle times to get Capex raw material for these businesses is just taking longer than we had originally thought. And that's why we had to slow it down to 1.5 to 1.6, but I would just end by -- your question by saying, Jeff, we are not done with the quarter.  This team knows how to fight, we are going to keep doing whatever it takes to keep serving for our customers as long as the demand is there and at the same time, the teams furiously working to make sure that we mitigate some of the raw material pressure that we have, as well as keep investing for growth, productivity, and sustainability because we just see the long term to be very bright where we can grow above the macro, we can get margin expansion and keep having strong cash.
Monish Patolawala: Julian, just to add to Mike's point on all the items you mentioned on the macro trends. Just on a year-over-year basis to for the quarter at 3%. You also got to look at the comp of last year. We had a very strong growth in China, if you remember, the third quarter of last year, you had seen China starting to come out of the pandemic first. So their order patterns were higher in the end of like June and then into the third quarter.And that's the other reason you see a 3%
Monish Patolawala: Yes, sure Julian.There are 2 ones, on the legal one, the combat arms litigation that we are incurring costs on show up in the CBG margins. As Mike mentioned, we are continuing to defend ourselves in that litigation. There's an acceleration in the fourth quarter. We will have EPS 5 more of these for which we're going to prepare. I would say, depending on how the litigation goes. Do you see it bleed into '22?  Yes, because the MDS will all not be done by fourth quarter of 2021 On disposable respirators as we've talked about, depending on seeing how the pandemic has played itself out. We felt Q1 was peak. We had mentioned that even in our last earnings call, we have seen revenue consistently, sequentially come down. You have seen we came down nearly 6% in the [Indiscernible] in the third quarter.  We see that further down between 75 to a 125 on a year-over-year basis or 25 to 75 sequentially. And depending on where the pandemic goes, that will have an impact into 2022. But again, we've seeing pockets where you are seeing COVID cases go up, where you are seeing demand go up and then in other cases, you're starting to see demand come down. So it's pretty dynamic on the disposable respirator side, but as we've talked before, we've got capacity of 2.5 billion respirators that we can ramp up very quickly.  The team's done a really nice job of managing this environment in certain cases, we have shutdown manufacturing lines in certain cases, we are managing our inventory levels as we go through this, but we'll be ready for the next factor event. And hopefully never happens. But that's not being the history of the world, but we'll be ready for that.
Monish Patolawala: Sure, Scott. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, you will see us continue to gain price in the fourth quarter. I know they've been quite a few questions around why it has taken us this long to get price. As we mentioned before, we follow up pretty methodical approach of taking consistent, taking price across geographies. We work with our customers. In certain cases, we are working with contracts and the constraints in those contracts.  And we put a pretty thoughtful approach to how we go after price increases. How it goes into 2022, Scott, I think will also depend on where we see inflation going to be in '22 and beyond. Right now, I think we're comfortable with the price increases that we've taken, but we're going to keep doing it as long as we need to. As I mentioned the goal of the team is to get to neutral, but it's going to highly depend upon what happens with inflation.  So I don't know if I answered your question, but that's how we're thinking about pricing from that angle. And we try to be as -- again, as I've said before, thoughtful and methodical in how we go [Indiscernible] we have a pretty rigorous approach on how we approach our customers and we try to work it as a partnership with both. And you've got different businesses, so you've got specting businesses where you are specting for a certain period of time.  You got healthcare where you got half my business where it's easier to take price. In other cases that are contracts. And then you've got the industrial margins, which is distributor lead. And then you've got the consumer business where we working with all the big retailer. So each one of them have a different dynamic. And we factor all that in and you've seen that we have made progress in Q3 and we'll keep making progress in Q4 and beyond.
Monish Patolawala: So I would say, Dean e, it's a global item but it's more pronounced right now for us in the U.S. So we are seeing higher cost, whether it is cost driven by some of the i tems Mike mentioned as well as with the demand that we have, we are spending more money on overtime. And also we are seeing cost of inflation, which is labor cost that comes through us, through outsource manufacturing hard goods that we buy, we're also seeing inflation on that. But with that said, I do want to recognize all the employees of 3M who are tirelessly working to make sure that we are delivering for our customers in this tough demand environment, as well as a very tough supply environment. But we're confident, Dean e, will get through this.
Monish Patolawala: I don't have it very specific. I can ask Bruce to follow up and give you an answer. But just if you go back to the bridge on the walk for Q3, you can see there's a 140 basis points of pressure due to organic volume and productivity. Some of that is driven by labor constraints. In other words, the higher cost, but at the same time, making sure that we have all the production that we can make. And some of it is driven by the fact that we have had to have more changeovers because raw material has not been flowing properly.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah, so we do have insurance coverage. We are working with our various insurance providers through multiple dialogues that we keep having with them. But as you know, some of these things take time. So when we do get those settlements in, we'll definitely keep your costs too.
Monish Patolawala: So Andrew, that's one, of course, we keep watching very closely. We -- for the quarter, we ended up at -- I think the industry ended up at a lower end of the 90% to 95% that was originally forecasted. Part of it was, I think September was a tougher month as many countries saw a spike in COVID cases.  Our belief, and I think it's the industry's believe, that we should stabilize in the fourth quarter and we hopefully get back to the 90% to 95% range as we get into the fourth quarter. And then the bigger discussion around the industries, what does 2022 and beyond look like? The reason is a lot of these elective procedures that have been slowed down are elective, but they are still time-sensitive at the end of the day.  So there's -- so that's what we'll have to see and see both capacities added in all the countries we have to see how cases go -- play out from a COVID perspective. But I also think hospitals are far better equipped right now, or more prepared to deal with this. So our hope is that, elective procedures come back up to 2019 levels in 2022. When it happens, I think will depend on different parts of cases in the world, but that's how we see it.
Monish Patolawala: Well, that's -- I think that's the debate, right? Who knows? But I think that's going to depend basically on hospital preparedness as well as patient readiness to come into the hospital to get their surgeries done. From our end, we would rather have the volume than not have the volume. So, I would say it will be a good problem to have, but I think we'll have to see what happens.
Monish Patolawala: Nicole, we also have a control tower that has been set up, so we're constantly watching whether it is the port congestion, whether it is shutdown of airports, whether it is customers, suppliers telling us that raw material, maybe few hours. So that's why we have new changings in our factories faster to keep other products moving so that we just make sure that we keep customer demand as well as customer demand itself is pretty variable right now. And that's another big thing that control towers doing his watching customer demand and then adjusting supply as needed.
Monish Patolawala: So I would start with just Transportation Electronics, that business has impacted the most by two.One is the auto industry, and second is the electronics industry and the semiconductor shortages hits that business squarely. I would say on the auto build the latest IHS forecast that we look at is, on a year-over-year 20% down as where auto builds are expected to be.  There's also, they're facing comps from last year in the electronics side. So whether it's consumer electronics, TVs, tablets, all of them, are supposed to be down on a year-over-year basis. I think we'll have to see where semiconductor shortages land up for that business, but they're Ashish and team are fighting hard and if the volumes they're going to do whatever it takes to make sure that the customers are served.  On consumer, you're right, that's also facing a very strong comp from last year, but you can see what they -- what Jeff and team have done in the first 11 months. We have seen strong growth. Our platforms where it was command or Filtrete are posted notes, etc., all have seen good growth in the third quarter. We saw a good early start in our stationary business and the holiday season. The question is whether that continues is the thing that we'll have to keep watching.
Monish Patolawala: You're breaking up a little bit, Steve, but I think I got your question as what's the underlying leverage, and I would tell you it's a little hard for me to X everything out from a restructuring perspective. X out organic volume price raw and then give you a leverage. I would just tell you when you look at the bridge that we have given you, we did see volume growth, but that was offset by the productivity from global supply chain, as well as our growth in productivity and increased litigation costs.  And you can see that hurt us 1.4% on that productivity basis. That's the way I look at it Steve, it's very hard and I think it would be unfair for me to just X everything out and then tell you leverage is good because I don't think that's the way we look at it. Because for me it's -- ultimately it's the all-in, what I give you versus Xing stuff out.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, it's a 30 to 40% leverage business and I don't see that change. But I think it will come down to what does supply chain trends look like in 2022. You've seen not just us, but many of our peers as well as other people have said supply chain constraints go into 2022. But I think long term, as Mike has mentioned, and I have said, we are very confident we can grow about the macro. We can get margin expansion and we can continue to have strong cash. So all those, it's -- I think it's just a short uncertain time that we'll have to just see how supply chain self -- plays itself.
Monish Patolawala: So I'll reiterate and I'm -- our program was going to cost somewhere between 250 to 300 and benefits of somewhere between 200 and 250. What we have looked -- what I said in this, in my prepared remarks was year-to-date we have spent 240 million against the 250 to 300 and we are updating that from 250 to 300 to 300 to 325 and be largely expect the program to be initiated by the end of 1Q '22.  On the benefit side, we are -- we had set 200 to 250 with all the actions that we have taken. We see ourselves at the higher end of that range in between the 225 and the 250, but half of it that's already shown up or will show up for this year in '21 by the time we're done with the fourth quarter. And the balance would show up in '22.
Monish Patolawala: And as you know, John, we don't remove restructuring charges from our results and that's all included in the numbers we report. So we don't adjust for that.
Monish Patolawala: So we're seeing polypropylene ethylene resins, all of the ones are the companies I mentioned seeing inflation. Many of these accrued better videos. They're not perfectly tied to the price of crude, but you can see where crude is going. So there's derivatives. T hey all have got impacted all the way in February, but the hurricane that happened. And then I would say the global supply chains have further put pressure on it for the material flow across the globe. And that makes it harder for you to buy material only in certain locations. And just -- I would, if my memory is right, on polypropylene and ethylene, we saw actually a jump in August. We've seen it come down a little bit in September.  But that's again, it's demand-supply equation there, but it's all goes back to Hurricane Ida that happened in February. And then the demand from the pandemic also increased the need for the product and all that put together, Mike used the word convergence, has driven some of the pressures on the chemical side of the house.
Monish Patolawala: Again, just I -- and my apologies, Andy, I am just going to reiterate our capital allocation priorities just so that everyone's on the same page. Our first priority is always go organic. We just see it's the best use of our capital, best return, as you can see, the not afraid to deploy capital. We've done that in 2020, We're continuing do that in '21, which is investing in growth, productivity, and sustainability.  We were going to spend $1.8 to $2 billion this year, but with some office supply chain constraints, it's down to 1.5 to 1.6, but we still believe in the long-term growth, and so we're going to keep investing in that. As Mike had announced early in the year, we also announced a billion dollars to improve -- for our sustainability efforts.  That's going to be spend over the next 20 years, but it's front-end loaded, so that's the second piece on organic investment. Dividend is our second priority, important for our shareholders. So that's a priority that we clearly are focused on. Our third priority is M&A, and you're right that we are integrating Acelity and the team's doing a very nice job by integrating Acelity into our business.  At the same time, we have tons of ideas and we have a pipeline that we'll execute when we see that we get a target that we believe can add value to our shareholders at the same time, it's things that we believe that, we can add value to the target too, by using some of the strengths that we have, which is our brand, our global capability, our employee base our material science capability, etc. So that's our third and we always have an active pipeline.  And then the last one, a share buyback. You've seen, we've now done 1.3 billion for the year. We did 527, that's the last priority for us from a deployment of capital perspective. But depending on the stock price and how much cash we generate, we clearly will look at that too. Overall, I would just save and I look at net debt to EBITDA leverage, which is at approximately 1.3. At that point, it gives me a lot of financial strength and optionality.  It gives 3M a lot of financial strength and optionality. So depending on what opportunities we see, we won't hesitate to deploy capital because, as Mike mentioned, even some of the platforms that we've talked about, all of them are GDP plus growth platform. So that's an area we would love to keep investing in.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. So for healthcare, I also look at EBITDA, if that helps, Andy. I think year-to-date, we are approximately 31% on an EBITDA basis. The team most and team have done a really nice job of continuing to drive margin. We increased margin 70 basis points in the third quarter. I would say it's a performance all around the Oral Care business and the snapback has definitely helped. It helps us on a volume, it helps us on leverage with the volume and the factories. The MSD business, if you exclude the disposable respirator decline, grew very nicely in the second quarter and MSD's [inaudible 01:11:00] Acelity was in there too.  Acelity was impacted in the third quarter by low elective procedures, but the integration is going well, we're continuing to find synergies between the cross-selling that we can do with our wound care business and facility or existing wound care business and facility. So we are very happy with our progress. But in the spirit of continuous improvement, there's always more we can do to drive growth and margin and most in team are very focused on continuing to do that.
Monish Patolawala: So to answer your first question, we have made progress on price. You saw us going from 10 basis points to 140. And if you recall, Joe, we had said that, you will see this ramp through the year, because we take a very methodical approach to driving price across the multiple geographies and the channels, we have. We should continue to see progress in the fourth quarter as these price actions that we've taken in the third quarter continue to take hold. I think the big issue that we have seen as inflation is coming faster than anybody thought. And so the team has continuously done what it can to drive price increases to the question that was even asked earlier, our goal is to get to neutral of price and all. But I think it'll all depend on how inflation goes. But the team knows how to drive price, the team drives a lot of innovation that also helps from a price increase perspective. So all that put together teams working it pretty hard.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. Listen, all price increases we work with our customers. We have contracts with many of our customers, in some cases we get 90 to a 120 days notice. In some cases, these are longer contracts that we worked through. And then we have spec in businesses that we work directly with the OEM. So put all that together, that's how we look at this. So it's hard for me to give you one number because, pick a day and I think you'll have a different dollar of contract on the contract quote and quote.
Mike Roman: Maybe there's a couple of parts to that I'll talk about. The first -- if you look at what we've done year-to-date, it's really been reflective of our innovation, something we've been talking about for some time, we outgrow the build rates and even in dynamic like this year where the build rates are swinging down as there were some challenges in OEM production plans for Q3 and the outlook for Q4 being similar.  We're continuing to drive our innovations when spec -in's and design-in opportunities. And then Monish mentioned the mix of vehicles in this demand environment is more premium, which we have a higher level of penetration in those vehicles. We also have very good growth in our Auto electrification. priority growth platform and broadly, and getting good traction, 40% year-to-date. So those are all driving that performance as we come through a year-to-date and we expect to be able to continue to perform build rates as we go forward.  The channel -- everybody is challenged with matching up to the changes in production plans, and these are changing quickly and the dynamic has been challenging for the supply chains, and I would say everyone in the value chain to keep up with. That said we see inventory trying to track pretty well with that. We don't see really -- in our results, we're not seeing a year-to-date of impact from excess inventory, so it's really about matching up with where the mix is going, where the build rates are going, and again, we see good momentum in our portfolio against those build rates.
Mike Roman: Yes, Julian, if you look -- step back and look at year-to-date, China 's up mid-teens for us. So that, I think reflective of strong growth through Q3. And as you pointed out, we saw a 3% in the quarter. I would say it's having an impact from the same things we've been talking about, supply chain, logistics, port closures. Those are impacting our business. And just as a reminder, our business in China, so we manufacture most of what we sell in China in factories in China.  And we sell to customers -- about 50% of them exposed to exports about 50% to the domestic market. And the exports are probably one of the areas that's hard to sit. So it's down about 10%. Looking forward, that's the expectation as we go forward with Q4. So that'll be one of the impacts, has been one of the impacts being hurt most by the supply chain challenges for us,our focus in China has really been very much in line with what we've been talking about as we came through the pandemic, we see market segments that are high-growth and we've been prioritizing investments there and we see those growth trends continuing.  So we are that's where we're focused -- we're focused where we have the kind of the winning solutions. And we do see opportunities across each of our businesses year-to-date, we've been led with strong growth in Our Home Care business are actually in Q3 and the Healthcare business we expect that to continue as we go into Q4.
Mike Roman: Sure. Thanks to God. And just as a reminder, if you remember back to 2019, we aligned our businesses, now around four go-to-market models are globally. And so those businesses are executing global strategies locally everywhere around the world. And they -- each of them have a view of each of the regions, but I'll give you a view at a higher level.  So we talked about America's being up 7% in the quarter and low double-digits year-to-date. The highest growth as we came through the quarters in Latin America and Canada and up double-digits across all business groups.  So again, similar to what we talked about. And the way we are seeing year-to-date demand across 3M globally, broad-based across business groups in the Americas. And I'd say it's still in a strong position, up 6% in the Quarter and double-digits for the year. EMEA, if you look at how we're doing there, we're growing high single-digits for the year, 9%, 4% in the quarter. We haven't seen a strong rebound in growth as other areas, but we are seeing a recovery now in healthcare and transportation and electronics starting to help drive that growth that we are seeing.  And in Asia-Pacific, grown mid-teens year-to-date, double-digit growth across the business groups. All business groups again, and as I mentioned, and we talked about China, mentioned Japan and in prepared remarks, that's been one of the improving areas is Japan now starting to see improving growth as we come through the year.  So not down -- not near the pre-COVID levels, yet. But again, starting to see some improvements, and in that case also being led by healthcare. So we're seeing some -- I would say the recovery of the electric procedures around the world being one of the dynamics that's helping to start drive improving growth.
Mike Roman: Yeah, Andrew, it's one of our fundamental strengths and back to what Monish was talking about, how we're focused on delivering for customers. We're leveraging the strengths of our 3M model. The idea that we talked about in the prepared remarks, local for local, building our capabilities across our value model to the customers close to them regionally around the world. And that has been a strength as we've come through COVID and I would say this year as we deal with the interruption in supply chain, this regional strategy has allowed us to be more agile in just what Monish was talking about, the changing nature of our production plans in our production wheels in our -- what we're doing in our factory. So we have a lot of flexibility built in. I would say we are always evaluating how to better serve customers, how do we look at our lean value streams and how do we take new strategies into that getting -- based on, I would say, the improving visibility we have, we see opportunities to be more efficient and improve our cycle times and so on. So I -- we're always looking at changes.  I do think the model that we have has served us well and it's been great place to respond to the challenges. And I think that's the foundation as we go ahead. It's how do we make that better? How do we drive better performance, improving operational efficiency? So building on those strengths is where I'd leave you with.
Mike Roman: While Nicole, I go back to it, it really is a convergence of multiple factors. And so you've got to pull those apart a little bit. The strong demand we think will continue to see strong demand. So that's going to put pressure on the supply chains going forward. We've seen challenges and labor shortages, the pandemic has impacted production, semiconductor shortages are impacting end markets for us in particular. And then we were also impacted as we went through the year with some extreme weather events which interrupted our raw material supply. Those are getting better. So some of the raw material supply issues that we were facing are getting better as we go and we do expect supply chains to improve. It's difficult to estimate or predict the duration of each of these factors and how they play with each other and watching the congestion in logistics is one of the things that we are carefully looking for improvements in as well.  Can we move back to more normal logistics patterns for us as we go forward, that will be a good sign that broadly supply chain disruptions are improving. But you have to keep an eye on each of these aspects to see step-by-step. And we do -- we are optimistic, we are hopeful as we get into 2022, that we're going to continue to see improvements.
