Mike Roman: Sure. Scott, maybe I will kind of walk around the regions to give you a little more color than my opening comments highlighted where we are growing in each region. Just start with the Americas, and as you look at it, we saw the strongest growth for us in automotive and areas like electrical markets and our electronics markets and materials solutions. We saw declines in Personal Safety. Monish highlighted the Separation and Purification coming off the comparison to the COVID demand in vaccines and therapeutics. And then we highlighted the softer consumer spending in oral care, both Orthodontics and chairside dentistry. Looking at EMEA, we saw it up slightly this quarter. It was slightly negative in Q2. So slightly up this quarter, strongest growth there in automotive, too. So you are seeing a trend, the strong Q3 for automotive globally. We saw declines in Personal Safety and oral care, coming off COVID for Personal Safety and some of the similar dynamics in oral care. APAC growth, again, led by automotive. Personal Safety was strong in APAC. We saw some strong strength in Industrial portfolios more broadly, something that we saw in the quarter in the Safety and Industrial business ex-Personal Safety had strong growth in the quarter -- organic growth. We saw the decline was in electronics in APAC. We also saw some impact from some of the declines in areas like Transportation Safety. And then in China, the big story was the recovery from the lockdowns in Q2 and then also the declines in display materials and broader electronics as you saw the declines in consumer electronics impacting that. We were -- we did see strength in Personal Safety. We saw strength in automotive. We saw strength in broader Industrial. So, kind of a similar story across the areas, a little different growth dynamics, but similar story. And we -- I would say, we finished the quarter with our Industrial business is showing some strength. We saw continued strength in automotive, the softening in consumer electronics. Those are some of those trends that played out across the world. And then electric procedures starting to see - seeing the same trend improving, but not back to pre-COVID levels in terms of elective procedures. So, again, trends that we are seeing across the different regions.
Mike Roman: Yeah. Scott, I -- we talked about that as we have gone through the year. We said at the beginning of the year that we were confident price would help us offset inflation as we came through the year and that’s been the case. So our pricing, as you know, it’s one component of, our value in the marketplace. The other is managing the inflation that we have been seeing globally. And we have been, I think, managing that price against inflation well all year and we are well positioned as we go into the end of the year. 
Mike Roman: Yeah. Andrew and we are watching it closely. The Inflation Reduction Act, The Chips Act. They are providing the incentives for manufacturers and others to make investments in other parts of the world, the U.S. -- in the U.S. versus other parts of the world. And I would say, we are assessing the impacts on our customers. You know our model, I mean, we are -- we build capabilities and sufficient resources close to customers around the world. It’s a regional model and it gives us the ability to serve our customers in each region in the world that also helps us be in a position to adapt as supply chain moves and that’s been true for electronics as it’s moved around Asia, in particular. And with these incentives, we expect there will be some changes. We don’t see a significant impact to our business in the near-term, but we do serve global customers in electronics and semiconductor and will adjust as they make changes.
Mike Roman: It’s early in the process. There are announcements, there are investments being made and we will stay close to those and we will make adjustments as we go. And if you look at the U.S. in particular, just as a reminder, we are a net exporter out of the U.S. We export $5 billion out of the U.S. So it is a place where we have got a strong manufacturing position and that puts us in a position to adjust as capacity gets invested here. 
Mike Roman: Sure, Joe. And our model -- our operating model has been strong and shown resiliency in many economic cycles. And it’s been clear throughout COVID, and I would say, the concern -- the current uncertainty in the markets that we are facing and so we will continue to do what we do in those cycles that helps us react to them well and position our performance well and that’s focused on serving our customers, driving productivity, efficiency in our supply chains and our factories and delivering strong cash flow and it keeps us focused on the right actions. And we will stay focused on our end markets, too, where as we have talked about, there’s some different dynamics in each of the end markets, even as we look at the softening global outlook for macro. And so we are prepared to adjust and take actions. That’s our model and it will serve us well as we navigate the uncertainty ahead.
Mike Roman: I would also just add that the other piece was Biopharma, which had a very strong quarter last year, and we are seeing on a year-on-year lower demand, just driven by the COVID therapeutics that we sold into last year. 
Mike Roman: Yeah. Julian, maybe I will just touch on how we see inventory in the channel and with our customers and it’s maybe just a quick walk around the different business segments. Industrial channel inventories, they look like they are in pretty good shape. We saw, as you saw strong broad-based growth and so well aligned with that. Consumer electronics, the OEMs are working through some inventories as the demand weakens. I think automotive inventories continue to be still relatively low with the demand that they are seeing. Our Healthcare, overall, in line with the demand. We saw some softening, obviously, in oral care and the channels reacting there. So we are seeing some inventory pulled on. The big story and inventory probably is what you have heard from many other companies, the retailers working through their elevated inventory levels and navigating the kind of the shift in consumer spending and the impact there. We are seeing that as we come out of Q3. So that’s kind of the external view. Maybe Monish can talk about kind of how we map it internally.
Mike Roman: Yeah. Julian, as I talked about earlier, we are confident in our ability to respond to the changes in the macro and we are always adjusting our businesses to meet the markets and whether it’s near-term or in the future. And so we are going to continue to focus on productivity. That’s a big part of the self-help for us, leveraging some of the capabilities Monish talked about to drive that as supply chains improve and recover, we expect to be able to drive more self-help. And we will continue to stay close to the end markets and the macro and take actions as is needed. We don’t have a big plan to announce today, but we -- our model is to adjust to markets as we go.
Mike Roman: Yeah. Deane, as we exited Q3, as I touched on, we saw what others are seeing. The retailers are working through elevated inventories. That was a trend we saw impacting. We saw the -- as Monish talked about a softer back-to-school, which was maybe a separate market dynamic. There’s been a shift in consumer spending from what we call hard lines. So where our products are in the categories that they are in, in retail markets and that into other areas like food, for example. And so you are seeing some shifting in consumer spending. That’s part of the trend that we saw coming through Q3 and we see as we come out of the quarter into the rest of the year. And I would say the inflation continues to be driving some of those trends. So that’s really at a high level, that’s what we are watching closely. We are close with our retail partners and watching each of the categories and consumer spending as we see those trends evolve. 
Mike Roman: No. We -- I think the dynamics that you are seeing in our organic growth in consumer is really about the consumer spending and the end markets. It’s not about share change. We see our maintaining share and in some places gaining share. We see some of the positions that we -- where we have invested coming out of the pandemic and areas in consumer like our home improvement, even though it’s -- we saw some softening demands in home improvement in the U.S. in the third quarter, we see we are well positioned to continue to have strong share in that part of the market.
Mike Roman: To wrap up, we continue to execute our strategies in a challenging environment, while positioning 3M for the future through investments in growth, productivity and sustainability, along with active portfolio management. We will stay focused on taking care of our customers, driving growth and improving our operational performance. Thank you for joining us.
Monish Patolawala: Andrew, it’s a great question. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are still early in looking at 2023. What we are seeing is a little moderation in inflation, but it’s not been consistent and persistent. We are seeing inflation is pretty much still broad-based. In areas that we are seeing is logistics has seen some slowdown in the pace of inflation. However, if you look at intermediate finished goods, they are still pretty high and so specialty raw materials. So I would say if you just look at what inflation we had in the third quarter, it was $225 million. In the fourth quarter, we are seeing somewhere between $100 million to $150 million. So there’s a little moderation. I think what time will tell is whether 2023, we are able to see sustained lower prices and I think that would be good for all. So that’s one. To answer your question on pricing, as Mike mentioned in his remarks and mine and even the prior question, we take a very thoughtful approach to pricing. Nearly 70% of our pricing is -- our products are pretty much spec in products. So we take a very thoughtful approach. We look at it region by region. We look at it product by product. And I would say we will have to follow. We follow a very thoughtful approach. We will follow a very thoughtful approach in 2023 also, because no one has seen this historic level of inflation in the recent past. So depending on where that goes, we will play that self out in the market. But at the end of the day, as Mike mentioned, part of our pricing is not just driven by cost, it’s also the value that we drive for our customers. 
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. So, Joe, I would tell you, we are seeing some moderation, as we saw inflation was $225 million in Q3, we are accounting for $100 million to $150 million in Q4. The total at $750 to $850 million has not changed. We are seeing -- inflation, I would say, is still generally broad-based. We are seeing higher inflation in specialty materials, as well as intermediate finished goods. We are seeing a little bit of moderation in logistics. So that’s where we are on inflation. And then on supply chain, I would say, we are also seeing some signs of stabilization, Joe. We are seeing raw material flowing a little better than it has flown in the prior quarters and you can see that’s why the team was also able to deliver decent productivity in Q3. We will have to watch and see whether, one, is the moderation in pricing or raw materials sustained, and secondly, is the flow of material sustained into Q4 and that’s going to determine where we go. And as Mike has said, too, once we see the stabilization of supply chains and moderation of raw materials, we believe that is the best opportunity. We have other than volume to keep driving productivity in our factories and through that margin expansion. 
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. Sure, Chris. As -- I will just start with recapping again Q4. We will just start by saying, last year’s fourth quarter was our easiest guide or easiest comparison. Number two is, you are right, so disposable respirators is going to be down and that creates a headwind of nearly 180 basis points, and then the exit of Russia is another $70 million, which gives another 80 basis points of pressure. So if you exclude all of that, you would get to a 4% to 6% increase in organic growth on a year-over-year basis. If you look at where the macro is going to be GDP and IPI is in that 2%-ish range for the fourth quarter, auto is going to be up 2% sequentially or nearly 2.5% depending on IHS forecast, approximately 2% up on a year-over-year basis. Elective procedures, which were at 90% in July and moved itself up a little bit in August and September, we believe, will move up a little bit to 90% to 95%, so you will see that uplift. I would say consumer spending continues to be weak. Even in the month of October, we have seen lower consumer spending. I called that out as those trends where the inflation is impacting the consumer, I think, remains through the holiday season, as well as how inventory levels are adjusted by retailers is something that we will have to watch. Consumer electronics continues to be down on a year-over-year basis, a little moderation on improvement on a sequential basis. But again, there, we will have to see where that plays itself out between consumer electronics, as well as then you talk about semiconductor growth continues to be strong. We are continuing to see that in our business on the other side of the electronics business. And then from an Industrial perspective, we have already talked about disposable respirator but the rest of the end market remains pretty strong in SIBG.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. So, Chris, I would say it’s all. As we look at it and the team has been doing a great job at driving margin expansion. And in Q3, you have seen -- as you said, we continue to see the price cost equation. We have offset or managed our inflation through pricing actions. We have had better yield and efficiency also compared to the second quarter as we saw some stabilization of supply chains. Third, as I called out, we have also the team had a lot of strong spending discipline. We took a lot of self-help measures. We proactively adjusted where we saw end market change, et cetera. So put all that together, we did see 50 basis points of margin expansion. When you think about Q4, if you know that in Q3 we did $8.6 billion in Q4, we are saying $7.9 million to $8.2 million, which is the volume basically gives us the best leverage. So that’s why you do see margin come down. And historically, if you look at 3M also Q3 to Q4, always shows a decline because it is a lower volume quarter for 3M. To answer your question on what happens in the long-term, I would say, Chris, the same as I have said in my prepared remarks, which is there are headwinds that we see, whether it’s macroeconomic environment, FX, the impact of energy cost on, especially in Europe and the geopolitical environment are all headwinds. Similarly, we will have to watch what happens with COVID-related demand, whether it is government policy, whether it is elective procedures or whether it is our own disposable respirator demand. But there are a lot of tailwinds too. We see secular trends that will continue to go up in areas that we add a lot of value to customers, whether it’s auto electrification, sustainability, digitization, just to name a few. Also, when we -- as we see raw materials starting to stabilize a moderate and supply chain starting to stabilize or moderate, we should get a lot more opportunity to drive yield and efficiency, and that’s what Mike said in his prepared remarks, too, that that’s -- other than volume, that’s one of our biggest opportunities to continue to drive margin. So hopefully that answers your question, Chris.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. Andy, there -- you are right. There’s some different dynamics going on than Q2. When you look at elective procedures and oral care versus surgical procedures or medical procedures, it kind of -- I think, in general, it’s on track with what we had said at the beginning of the year that it would get back to around 95% by the end of the year, 95% to 100%, maybe we are slightly below that now. And I think that’s a reflection of what was part of your question. That’s the staffing levels right now. It’s been a bigger impact than obviously COVID hospitalizations have been in the current quarter and then outlook for the rest of the year. So I think that’s holding it back maybe keeping it from being quite at the level that we thought it would be when we started the year. Oral care, we saw strong recovery in procedures there in 2021 and that’s part of the comp that we are looking at year-over-year. The impact this year appears to be consumer discretionary spending. They are electing to spend less in some of those elective procedures in oral care. So that’s had a softening impact and we see those trends continue as we came out of Q3. So I -- a little bit different than maybe where we saw at the beginning of the year, but it’s, generally, we are looking for improvements as we go into Q4 in those medical electric procedures. 
Monish Patolawala: So I would just say the following, Andy, is, as I said in February at our Investor Day, digital can be a multiplier for 3M. And it will take time. We have four pillars. One is digital customer. The other one is digital product. The third one is digital operations. And then the last one is just digital enterprise or enterprise digital. I think the last one is ERP that helps us simplify our business. Digital operation is the place where you are talking about is from a factory perspective. The team has done a lot of work using data and data analytics to improve yield and efficiency in the factories. For example, we were able to create a digital twin for our respirator production during the pandemic, which the team is continuing to use and those models are being used for other parts of our production lines. There’s a lot more we can do in this area in automation and digitization to drive yield and efficiency and especially as supply chains start normalizing. This is an area where we should be able to dig faster into root cause and put into solutions. Similarly, data and data analytics helps us in inventory a lot too, Andy. And despite all the inefficiency that exists currently in the supply chain, the teams have done a nice job of continuing to improve inventory. August to September saw a sequential decline in inventory and so that’s another sign that the teams are looking at data. It allows them actually to visually see where their inventory is so it allows better demand planning. And then if you actually go to digital product and digital customer, both of them, e-commerce continues to be an important area for us of growth. In Safety and -- in the Safety and Industrial business, we bought the assets of a company called LeanTec that allows us to do software for auto body shops, so parts management through software for auto body shops. So that’s starting to take hold and Mike Wale and his team have done a nice job there. And Mike Roman mentioned in his opening remarks, the collaboration we have with Microsoft, where we announced the digital posted note in collaboration with Microsoft. So you are seeing digital play itself out in multiple places. I would say there’s a lot more opportunity for us in the future in this area.
Monish Patolawala: To the extent where we saw more in areas where we saw more inflation, we were able to offset that with more price. So, overall, I would say, mid-single digits is where we were, Steve, on pricing.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. So, as I said, we are still early planning 2023. But in this case, the guide down, Steve, was just because of where we are with the length of supply chains. We have seen supply chain backlog or the cycle time of these go up anywhere from 12 weeks to 20 weeks depending on the CapEx equipment that we are buying. And so just based on where we are in the quarter, we thought it was prudent to take it down to $175 million to $185 million. But all good projects and the projects that are falling into next year will continue to get completed because they are great projects. I just wish we would have got them done this year, unfortunately, the supply chain just didn’t help us.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. Sure. So, Julian, it’s back to the same comments we made that the global supply chain and raw material environment continues to remain fluid and dynamic. And I think that’s what’s driving the inventory level, even though we did take it down August through September, that’s a start. One, we need to see the supply chain stabilize sustainably. And two is, when you look at where we are at the end of Q3, we don’t see those inventory levels coming down to the level we would have liked in a stable environment and that’s why we felt prudent to get it down to 85% to 95%. The team is continuing to work inventory using data, data analytics, get a better demand planning. At the same time, we also look at better coordination between our demand plans and our supply plans and that’s what the teams are working on. And I think we will continue doing that in the long run. I would say in the long run, there’s no reason why we can’t be at 100% free cash flow conversion, when you look at the cash flow that we generate and the opportunity that we have to continue to drive inventory down using data and data analytics.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. Nigel, just to break down the exports a little bit, it’s net exporting, it’s really based on the capabilities that we have invested in the U.S. And it does serve all of those markets, Europe, Latin America, Asia, China, and so we are -- I wouldn’t say we are over-indexed anywhere. It’s really a strategy of portfolio and where we produce. And while we are regionally capable for our businesses everywhere around the world, a majority of what we sell in each region of the world, we produce in region, there are some parts of our portfolio that we don’t need to have capacity in order to we have the demand for every region, and so we will export out of the U.S. and that -- there is a balance around the world. You will see some over indexing in the electronics manufacturing to Asia and China, of course. But more broadly, it’s balanced across the regions of the world.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. So, Nigel, the way most of these work is they go into intermediate into the production of another factory that’s locally manufacturing the product. So you will see that cost increase. The team takes all of that into account when they get their pricing, they factor in the raw material, they factor in FX and then do what they can in that area to offset it. In total, as we have talked about, currently, we see effects of the strong dollar to continue to have a headwind on 2022 earnings, negative 4.5% on revenue and it’s nearly $0.50 on EPS for the year. So we do our best to try to manage it. At the end of the day, we can’t eliminate such a strong dollar and we will see how it plays out in 2023.
