Matt Ginter: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2015 business review. On the call today are Inge Thulin, 3M's Chairman, President and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our Chief Financial Officer. Each will make some formal comments and then we will take your questions. As a reminder, please mark your calendars for upcoming earnings call dates, October 22 and January 26. Also take note of our next investor meeting scheduled for December 15. More details will be available as we get closer to that date. Today's earnings release and the slide presentation accompanying this call are posted on our investor relations website at 3M.com. Please take a moment to read the forward-looking statement on slide two. During today's conference call we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views about 3M's future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Item 1A of our most recent Form 10-K lists some of the most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our predictions. Please turn to slide three and I will hand off to Inge.
Matt Ginter: Laurence, this is Matt. We wouldn't see anything changing in terms of organic growth being the primary way in which we grow. We obviously dial CapEx to whatever levels of growth we're seeing, but it doesn't fundamentally change the way we think about growth, acquisition versus M&A.
Matt Ginter: Well, thank you very much for participating this morning. We look forward to seeing you very soon. Good-bye.
Inge Thulin: Thank you, Nick. Overall, 3M delivered a good second quarter performance. Organic growth remained broad-based, and we continued to generate premium margins across the portfolio. Looking across 3M’s entire team, I am very pleased with our execution and discipline in an uncertain economic environment, which is evident in our strong productivity. Going forward, we expect that economic uncertainty to remain through the year. In fact, external growth forecasts have continued to moderate over the last several months. As a result, today we are updating our guidance for the full year. We now expect organic growth of 2.5% to 4%, versus a prior expectation of 3% to 6%. With respect to earnings, we now anticipate EPS in the range of $7.80 to $8.00, versus a prior range of $7.80 to $8.10. The rest of the guidance remains in place. As you can see, we still expect currency to reduce sales by 6% to 7%. Our tax rate guidance is unchanged to 28.5% to 29.5%. And we continue to expect a free cash flow conversion rate of 90% to 100%. Like always, our 3M teams are focused on executing our plan, making investment for the future and managing those things within our control, in other words, controlling the controllable. As I described earlier, our portfolio is strong, and getting stronger as a result of our recent investments. Going forward, each of our businesses will continue to be bolstered by 3M’s four fundamental strengths: technology, manufacturing, global capabilities and our brand. Those strengths are leveraged across our Company, and will allow us to gain market share, maintain world-class margins and generate efficient growth into future. Thank you for your attention, and we will now take your questions.
Inge Thulin: Well, as you recall, we saw -- all of us saw a slow economic environment coming early in the year. And after the first quarter we thought it was too early for us to change the guidance for the year. And I think it now as we moved in and saw the second quarter coming through here, I think it is the right thing to make sure that we adjust that guidance. And now you can see basically the Industrial Production Index came down even a couple of weeks ago from 2.6 to 2.1. So based on that and based on our portfolio, we think it’s prudent for us to take it now to 2.5% to 4%. This is what we had earlier.  I would say, if I just comment on the organic growth for the quarter, the thing that changed for us in the quarter was basically the electronics. Electronics was two things. One was a tougher comparison versus last year. We had 10% organic local currency growth a year ago, and then there became some softness in that segment. So when I look upon it, the second quarter is very similar to the first quarter in terms of growth, excluding that piece, right. And so I think that the 2.5% to 4%, I think that’s a reasonable guidance for us, and we should be able to come somewhere in the middle of that.
Inge Thulin: Well, I don’t say – I think it’s more -- as you know, we are spec-in on most of the devices in the industry and what is happening from time-to-time is maybe a little bit of a delay of the new product introduction, and that will of course then impact us immediately. So I think the way I look upon this is to say we are making the same progress now as in the past relative to our spec-in. And we didn't see any big change relative to inventory levels, which you maybe then also can see relative to purchasing. So if there was a little bit of a delay of some new product introductions and they didn’t build inventory, they type of slowed it down and that is impacting us as well.  I will make the comment, though, on that business, if we just put it in perspective and why I am pleased with the performance there. You recall that we started that business with margins around 15.7%, 15.8% or something, and now moved it up to 21%. And the question was always, is this volume driven? And my answer was always no. The action we have taken on the portfolio, in order to get more efficient organization, better lines to customers and have better asset utilization, meaning if we will have from a quarter that will happen in that business, a little bit slower growth, we will be able to hold margin at the high level. Meaning, it's not volume related. I think we proved that – in this quarter, we proved that model is correct. So Volume went down a little bit, and in fact we had margin expansion in that business. For that and on the work we have done on our portfolio, I'm personally very pleased with what that team had done relative to that portfolio work.
Inge Thulin: Well, first of all, I think let's hold it to the year, where we start talking to 2.5% to 4%, so we don't go ahead of on this ourselves relative to the future. But I think when I look upon it is to say first of all, United States is very solid. We had a 4% organic local currency growth. We grew in all businesses. It is very solid. And as you recall, hopefully recall, a quarter ago that growth was slightly lower and the question was then, are you concerned about the US? Our answer was no, not necessarily. And I think we had 4% growth here. That's good. In Asia, or APAC, Japan did well. Japan had 2% growth, excluding electronics, which is the base business, 7% growth. China was slow. It slowed down. They're type of adjusting to a new growth level there and we are now talking about mid-to-single – mid-single digit for the year. And I think we have to wait a little bit to see what will happen there. It's a big economy as you know. We have a strong position, but I think that the growth need to pick up more, specifically in the domestic markets, and health care did well for us there. The other businesses went basically sideways. West Europe, we all predicted that there will be a growth pick-up based on the euro situation. So far we have not seen that, and probably will come later in the year, but I think it will be very late in the year.  Latin America is doing fine. And as you see again, Mexico had 17% growth. Now is the first quarter in many quarters that we saw a slight improvement in Brazil. And as Nick said, Venezuela is now behind us in terms of comparison where we will go into Q3. And so I think that's my view on it. So I will say, I will not talk about higher figures than the 2.5% to 4%, at least as we go in for this year. Then we will have to see how Q3 and Q4 will work out here.
Inge Thulin: First of all, the Capital Safety is in our view, a perfect fit for 3M. Fall protection, which is the segment, is among the fastest-growing and most profitable segments in the PP industry. And Capital Safety is recognized as a leader in fall protection. So you take those things together, there is high complementary synergy to 3M's global business in personal safety, which is a heartland division.  So Capital Safety, if think about it, it provides accretive growth to us and also margins, both for safety and graphics and for overall 3M. And you saw the start again for safety and graphics which is very, very good, and have as I said earlier, is the business group that I thought will have the real break-out as we go. So I think it is a very valued and good acquisition to us.  The component annual sales growth had been over 10% for the four last years and EBITDA margins is approaching 40%. You have all those type of things that you lay them back to the portfolio work we did where you say, well you know – well, how can we build out our businesses and make sure that we get more relevance with our customers as we move ahead and drive synergies?  So what I think about it in totality, and the figures you are quoting there is correct, is actually 12x based on five-year run rate synergies. But I think this is for us a terrific acquisition that is building out our position.
Inge Thulin: The answer to that is, is not necessarily, Scott. I think you have to look upon this -- first look upon this acquisition first of all, clearly strategic in terms of the outcome of the portfolio work, right? So that's, I think that's an important element. There are certain pieces of the business that can be integrated and where we can drive synergy, others cannot. The reason for that is that there's a high element of regulation and education in that fall protection. So we need to continue to invest in that and make sure that we do everything that is right. So there is two elements into it, right. Some pieces from the commercialization perspective where we can drive a lot of synergy, and we will. And the other piece, I think we still need to figure out how we can accelerate that to get the return even faster. It's a highly regulated business, as you know. And then by that, the advantage of that, the barrier to enter is very high. So you have to think about it, you get it integrated and as you move on it, you have to make sure that you can drive more synergy. But the answer to your question, necessarily not. This was a specific case. This is a very important strategic move for us in order to build out our position here, and it's a high-class asset. It is a high-class asset that is very similar to 3M in terms of margins, returns and growth and so forth. So we can always --
Inge Thulin: The other thing here, Scott, if you look upon the other acquisitions we have done from Sumitomo to Ceradyne, et cetera, we are not even close to this, right. I will say that, we can always argue day out and day in of the valuation. Did you pay too much or whatever? This is a strategic fantastic move for us with a world-class asset. So I'm pleased with that piece and now it is up to us to drive the return even faster back to us.
Inge Thulin: You're right, Deane, that we had a small presence in that segment. We were very, very small. And one thing that I've learned over the years I've done business, if you do not have a reasonable good market share position, you will over time lose out. I've been in businesses over time where you think that a couple of percentage market share will take you to a better position. Is a very, very tough, so you need to come into a leading position. So that was one. So yes, we were there. We were, in my view, not relevant enough for the industry. So very opportunistic. Now let's go back to your comment relative to why now. I talked about it in my speech before, but I have to go back to it because I think this is an important element. If you don't have a clear picture of where you would like to go in the future with your portfolio, you could have a tendency to try to be part of auctions on most things that are becoming available. If you are part of bidding on more things that are becoming available, you maybe don't really know if this is a real important strategic imperative for you, and you should go for it. I would say, I was not part of 2008 and 2010, whatever, when there was bid on that asset. But maybe at that point in time it was not clear enough relative to the portfolio where we should invest for the future. This time, it was very, very clear for me where we should go. That's the answer from me.
Inge Thulin: Mexico has now been growing for almost two years, right, doing very, very well. And its -- I would say a combination of both domestic market growing well there, but also the overall Mexican economy in terms of exports, specifically into the United States. And we have a very good portfolio balance in Mexico. As you know, we've been there for a long time and we're able to capitalize on that. So I don't know exactly if I can give you the -- No, no, but his question is about the outlook for the year in Mexico. I think our growth rate here today is around 15% and I don't expect for the rest of the year that would slow down. But all businesses doing well there and specifically industrial is growing very, very fast.
Inge Thulin: I think that, first of all, I believe that health care will continue. He had a good quarter in health care. Health care will continue and consumer will improve specifically. I also think that the industrial business, that is a sizable business for us there will improve slightly as we go for the year. So when you think about our portfolio, we get industrial slightly better. We get consumer up a little bit, which we will. And then health care continuing. That will take us there. I don't comment on electronics because, as you know, electronics is that kind of business that is on a regional base. Sometimes Japan is doing better than China and so forth, right. So, let's see how much that will be executed in China. But I think there's still a time here that we have to see the adjustment in the Chinese market. But those three businesses specifically will improve for us slightly as we go for the rest of the year.
Inge Thulin: Yeah, yeah, now that is what we are counting on. We cannot count on anything else, right but that's what we are counting on.
Inge Thulin: Yeah, the existing game plan is adaptable to what we are seeing. There's no change from that thinking at that point in time. And as you know, if you think about the five-year plan, we are three years into it. And there's always some changes going in and out in the plan, right, in terms of all metrics.  But at this point in time -- of course from an execution perspective on where you invest for manufacturing and so forth, there are some differences now versus when they were three years ago, or where will you invest in international, right, or will you do it in the United States. So I think that's a business call on a day-to-day business. But at this point in time, there's no change from the overall plan, and our play-book is working. Our play-book is working.
Inge Thulin: Well, you would assume it would be, but I think one of the advantages for us is that often our product is adding some additional profitability and productivity to our customers. So I would say, yes, a little bit tougher. But as long as you are focused on new product that's adding value into the end market, you are able to demand a slightly higher price.
Inge Thulin: Yeah. I would say that I think it will be cleared out, early Q3 is my view. Right. And I think when you listen to the results for the industrial and many businesses did well. There's a capital business that I will describe more as they're not spec-in, right or designing, they're more in the consumable side like abrasives and tape and so forth. That's where we had a little bit of temper and I think that then holding to the channels. But I'm more optimistic as we move forward relative to that front for industrial. The other businesses there, if you think about aerospace and commercial and transportation at another 10% growth, purification another 10%, automotive OEM, as Nick said, has 6%. So many businesses there are doing very well. There were two divisions that had an impact for the quarter and it was very much what I would describe as consumables into industrial tapes and adhesives and abrasives.
Inge Thulin: Well, Nick will give you some comment on the balance sheet. Let me just comment relative to the, let's say, business groups. First of all, there is a very robust pipeline of new products in each individual business groups. So I don't see, from that perspective, a difference in between them. But when I look upon it, we have some businesses here that is -- industrial is 33% of our portfolio, and very strong. And we are now adding, even, an acquisition into that moving forward. And I think that what I call a design or spec-in there is a very strong credible business. So I think it will be strong. I think, as I said earlier, safety and graphics, I talked about that for over a year now, that I believe that safety and graphics is the next breakout business group for us, as electronics and energy came earlier. The margin has expanded quite a bit there and I predicted that safety and graphics will follow, and maybe do even better due to the fact of the portfolio there. And I'm confident that that will happen. And you see our health care business. Health care business is usually the fastest growing, highest margin for us. And 80% of that portfolio is in the developed world, meaning only 20% in the developing, and that way a lot of growth for us is coming. And again, I would say, yes, when I look upon it and try to be objective, you see the performance of our consumer business. Again, with a very good growth I would say, and margin expansion and a very strong brand equity. So I would say for the future for what we're doing here, I'm optimistic. And it's been a lot of work on the portfolio side, get more efficiency and organization, try to reduce unnecessary barriers internally. And as we say here at 3M that the productivity is important and complexity is the biggest enemy of productivity. And the whole team is working on that big time. So I would not make a distinction in between there. We are in a good position everywhere.
Nick Gangestad: Joe, this is Nick. The margin -- we expanded margin here 60 basis points year-on-year against a quarter that was fairly strong, second quarter of last year. What's been enhancing our margin and will continue to enhance our margin is some of the portfolio management actions that we've been taking in that business that increase our cost competitiveness. That's what's been driving it in the last few quarters and we continue to see that driving it in the next few quarters, Joe.
Nick Gangestad: Nigel, we're not really seeing any change in trends from what we saw in Q2. We saw things pretty stable within Q2 and we're not seeing, so far in the third quarter, any change in that pattern.
Nick Gangestad: That business in total, Nigel, brought down the growth for health care by approximately 1 percentage point.
Nick Gangestad: We see the raw material benefits being pretty evenly spread between first half and second half. I would say the first half is a very good guide for the second half.
Nick Gangestad: Our declines there, we were up in our health care business. Electronics and energy was, yes of course, one of the declines. The others in China/Hong Kong were a deceleration from the growth we saw in the first quarter.
Nick Gangestad: As I said earlier, what we're seeing in Q3, so far no change in trajectory from what we saw in the second quarter or for the first half.
Nick Gangestad: Certainly, Steve. We're looking at return on capital and looking at the time it takes us to bring this back to a return on capital. And for us that's in the fifth or sixth year that we see this meeting, on a cash basis, our return on capital -- our cost of capital. 
Nick Gangestad: On the margin front, just to clarify, of that 150 basis points about 60 of those basis points are coming from our price growth, and 90 basis points from our raw material reductions. As far as the sustainability of price, we're at about 1% price -- we are at a 1% price increase on average through the first half of the year. We see that trend sustaining through the second half of the year.
Nick Gangestad: On our existing portfolio. I would add the color that if you look at all of our price growth, the fact that we keep refreshing our product line with our investments that we're making in research and development, that does enable us through the value we are creating for our customers, to be able to sustain pricing growth. But the other part of our price growth in the second quarter and for the year is also driven by movements related to FX. If I look at second-quarter standalone, of our total price growth, we estimate 25% of that total price growth is coming from pricing based on the value we are creating for our customers, and 75% based on movements we're taking directly or indirectly related to FX movements.
Nick Gangestad: Part of our portfolio prioritization is we know the assets we want to buy. We know where we can drive the most value. As we look at this business integrated with our personal safety business, we do see cost synergies that we'll be deriving. We see sales synergies, both of those contributing to get that result. What you're seeing here, Scott, is a result of us having a clear vision of what we wanted to add to our portfolio, and also an asset that we could see bringing a good financial return to 3M.
Nick Gangestad: Scott, we see modest gross margin expansion opportunities there. We probably see more of our cost synergy benefits coming from the back office SG&A front than on the gross margin front.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, our industrial adhesives and tape business within industrial, that's one of the businesses that was flat. And that contributed to bringing the total organic growth down. Abrasives is another business that was down.
Nick Gangestad: Andrew, yeah, we've said that for the first 12 months, we expect this to be dilutive to GAAP EPS by $0.04. We expect this to close in the third quarter, in the middle of the third quarter, and our guidance is not yet including the impact of either the Capital Safety or the completion of the Polypore acquisition.
Nick Gangestad: Yeah, it is updated. And similar to what I said in April where we see ourselves now at the high end of the range of $0.25 benefit on raw materials, benefits as well as the margin impact I talked about earlier, that's reflecting where we are the most recently with commodity prices. So yes, it is reflecting that, Andrew.
Nick Gangestad: In our 2.5% to 4%, I can't say we're seeing a noticeable difference between the third and fourth quarter, if you're looking for some color on that, Steve. On the low end of the range, it would be a continuation of the growth rate that we've seen in the first half, that continues into both the third and fourth quarter. If we're a shade towards the middle or the high end of the range, we would expect to start to see that occurring in the third quarter and not all in the fourth quarter.
Nick Gangestad: When we look on this on a sales per billing day, we saw virtually no change in our trends between the three months of the second quarter.
Nick Gangestad: To the extent that there's a portion of that 1% related to FX, over time, I see that fading, but not in the second half of the year. If it does fade, it will be minimal. The logical extension is we see some fading of that in '16, not a material amount of fading in the second half of 2015.
Nick Gangestad: Julian, there's a few things at play here. First of all, when we pay our cash taxes, there is some timing, and second quarter happened to be heavier weighted. That will moderate for the total year. Second quarter was also a quarter of higher than normal amount of our total pension contribution occurring in the second quarter. And then the last piece is we did see some increases in our working capital and we expect that also to moderate in the second half of the year, all of the three of those contributing to improvement in our working capital into the second half. Those are what I'd adjust for. We have normal adjustments where, for instance for compensation, that always has a noticeable improvement in our free cash flow conversion in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year.
Nick Gangestad: Laurence, just a follow-up close on the last piece, you were asking about the balance sheet. Our strategy with our balance sheet, as far as our capital structure and our allocation of capital, we see that our strategy there robust enough to encompass a number of business models, including a lower growth scenario. On the margin, what would change, and again, this would be volatile of exactly why we're seeing that more -- lower growth world. But for example, CapEx, our capital allocation strategy, I think it would be natural to assume there would be less of our capital going into our CapEx capacity building. In terms of M&A, that would depend on our view of the valuation of the opportunities. It could have an impact where things become more attractive to us, but that's highly driven by the opportunities that we see presenting at that time.
