Matt Ginter: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter business review. For those of you that attended our Investor Meeting in Kentucky last month, we hope you found it helpful in understanding our company further. Also, as I've mentioned on the past two calls, please mark your calendars for the morning of Tuesday, December 7, when we'll host our Annual Outlook Meeting in New York City. Complete details regarding timing and location will be available very soon. Before we begin, take a moment please to read the forward-looking statement on Slide #2. During today's conference call, we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views about our future performance and financial results. We base these statements on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Item 1A of our most recent Form 10-K lists some of our most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our predictions. So let's begin the review, I'll turn the program over to George, and please turn to Slide #3.
Matt Ginter: In each of Q3 and Q4 for the company, the number was about $90 million. So it's the equivalent of about a one and a half of drag on the growth rate for the total company in each of Q3 and Q4, Ajay. And the great majority of that would be in Safety, Security, Protection.
Matt Ginter: Well, thank you very much, everybody. Hope you like the presentations and like the results, very much appreciate your spending time with us listening, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Thanks a lot, guys.
Patrick Campbell: Let me take it and then George can -- actually, they performed at basically their historical growth rate  give or take a point. You do have to recall that they did have some favorable impact of H1N1 in the second quarter of last year, Scott, probably to the tune of a point, point and a half of sales that didn't repeat here in the second quarter. But we feel very, very positive about the progress of that business. And a lot of it is, they did not fall off as much nearly as many of the other businesses. Our Oral Care business, as George said, was up 7%. So we had very good results there. So we really have no concerns within our Health Care business relative to the growth.
Patrick Campbell: I guess no particular reasons, Scott. As you point out, the electronics is the fundamental, the structural piece of the price down. I think it's fair to say that if you'd ask the question, did we give up some price to maintain volume and so forth. When you look at our volume levels, I think it would be fair to say that there's probably some price, okay, that we're trading off to get some volume. But that's not a big concern for us. The businesses who have material cost increases are well aware of it, and they managed the relative position of price to cost very well as you can see in our overall margin results.
Patrick Campbell: Well, Scott, let me first of all try to address kind of the broader issue. We have a very, very solid balance sheet. I don't lay awake at night worrying about kind of our pension plan from a funding status. You kind of asked a question probably more of an EPS. And I think it's important that you, as well as investors, kind of make sure that they would differentiate between EPS and kind of what the cash flow impact is going to be for a number of us who face a little bit of a headwind situation. But let me just try to, I guess, table set where we're at. Going into the year, we had a carry over amortization issue of probably in the order of about $200 million. So if you use tail end of last year's assumptions, and for our U.S. plan, that would have been an 8.5% ROE and 5.77% discount rate. That effectively left us in a situation that going into 2011, assuming those results affected, we would have about a $200 million headwind. If you then look forward, and I'm not going to give you a specific number, but I'll give you some sensitivities that you can look at, because obviously, we only measure this come year end. It's one of these things where you only measure it at one point in time during the year. But for every 25 basis point change in the discount rate, it impacts our pretax by about $28 million, and every point of return on assets is about $6 million. So hopefully that kind of helps you. From a modeling standpoint, you can look at kind of your own set of assumptions. It's of course here at the end of the second quarter. We entered an environment where discount rates have really come down very, very significantly. I would not look at that as a realistic point from a funding perspective, because I think most of us will probably believe that interest rates are going to have to ratchet up in the future. So it's just a matter of when we start to see that happen.  And I think we're all hoping of course that the equity markets have a little more of a back half rally to it. I think we'd all like to see that.
Patrick Campbell: Yes, Steve, I would say that we're not anticipating that, I'll call it the restocking side, okay, is the reason for the back-half growth. It really is our fundamental performance in the back half of the year. I guess I'll just add to George's comment as he says, it's a little bit of a tricky question, okay, on restocking because when you're selling to OEMs and electronics and auto and the like, is we don't think there's restocking going on. Of course, until the point in time that, obviously, they overbilled, okay. And then there's some point in time they may have the excess inventory in that to adjust production schedules down. But it's very interesting that a lot of supply chains across the globe are very, very tight today just to meet existing schedules. So I don't think there's been a lot of room for people necessarily to build a lot more inventory back in the system. Plus, and let's face it, coming out of the recession, people are just more and more cautious about kind of a little bit of last minute ordering still, and they are waiting until -- and actually trying to tighten up the supply chain even more and pushing some of that back into the suppliers.
Patrick Campbell: Yes, in both of those businesses, you just have to  be a little cautious, Steve, because of the sell into distribution and when we promote products. Generally speaking, in the first quarter and the consumers specifically, we don't spend a lot of money in average sales and promotion. But that starts to kick up here in Q2 and then through the rest of the year. If you look at those margins in that business though, you just kind of -- I still think that we're leading margins in about any Consumer business. So I look at that business really more from a standpoint of are we investing in it enough and really helping the retailers sell through the products that we have. So I think it's more of a timing of expense issue than it really is any kind of an incremental. So if you look at it over a trend basis, Steve, in kind of an annual basis or longer-term basis, they should have somewhere incremental margins. But you just have to be a little cautious on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Patrick Campbell: Yes, Jeff, specifically on your question on label initiative. Very, very small here in the second quarter, that's going to take a couple of quarters to kind of gain some volume traction here. But the other thing, I guess, maybe I should have brought this up with Steve, is last year, if you recall during kind of the recession period, the retailers were really struggling getting floor traffic. So they actually try to pull some of their back-to-school into the second quarter. So one of the thing's that we did see fewer back-to-school sales in the second quarter, which we'll see now into the third quarter. So that's purely a timing issue.
Patrick Campbell: And a lot like the rest of our businesses, the growth rate outside of the U.S. was much higher in that business than it was inside the U.S. even though we did see some recovery back in the U.S. as well.
Patrick Campbell: I guess two things, I guess factual to kind of talk about it here. One is we are stepping up our investments in the back half of the year around growth activities. Those programs take a while to gain the traction, need be. The FX markets, we think, vis-à-vis the first half will be a little bit more unfavorable the way they're kind of playing out here. The baseline of the assumptions that we had at the end of the quarter, now the euro has kind of bounced back here a little bit. But the way we do our forecast is really kind of more off of a quarter-ending rate. So FX is a little bit unfavorable, and I think you're looking at it from OI leverage, not an EPS leverage because the other thing you see on the EPS side, of course, is our tax rate is higher at the back half of the year. But I think you're focusing more on the operating income leverage. So those will be kind of the factors that I see. And then the other question always becomes what happens to the fourth quarter? I feel reasonably good about third quarter volume levels. Fourth quarter is always kind of a question as to what happens come December, around plant utilization and the like.
Patrick Campbell: Well, on the repurchase, it was not just anti-dilution. It really was our view as to there was  some good buying opportunities in the second quarter. And that will still be our mantra is that if we see a good opportunities in the market, we will continue to pursue them. But I must also say, on the other side, is that George and I feel a lot better about our acquisition pipeline as it's materializing here in the second half of the year. So that's kind of balance all those factors out. We all know that reinvesting back in this business is the right thing to do. So that's going to be our first and foremost priority.
Patrick Campbell: And, Terry, also, I just want to rewind it back to Scott's question. Companies like us who have a pension legacy issue, part of the reason we do keep a very strong balance sheet is to be able to adjust to, I'll call it, shocks in the system. So we feel very good about our flexibility there.
Patrick Campbell: I'd say the answer for George there. I'd say that realistically, with the projects we've got, it takes a while to get people hired and then in place and executing. So I'd say probably, Bob, it's probably moved a little bit beyond more towards the back half of the year from where we obviously have penciled on paper.
Patrick Campbell: Well, Bob, what's in there, year-on-year specifically, is, I'll call it, the finance-related losses on our pension plan. And I think where we've modeled that, about $30 million a quarter, I believe, is kind of the year-on-year impact. Some of the other things that are rolling through there are as our earnings go up, we do have higher, I'll call it, variable comp around bonus payouts and so forth. And that flows through there as well.
Patrick Campbell: Steve, I don't think we gave a third quarter guidance number, but good try. But if you think about -- if you extrapolate the 13% to 15% and you take what we did in the first half, it kind of gives you a back half number if you just do the math as 8% to 12%. And you look at the comps, the comps are more difficult in the fourth quarter than the third quarter. So I think it's fair to say that the third quarter should be better than the fourth quarter from a reported perspective.
Patrick Campbell: Yes, but I don't know if it's going to translate directly to that. I guess the other way I'd look at it is as I look at Q3 to Q2 is another way to think of it, I think Q3 will be a lot like Q2 from a revenue and absolute revenue perspective is maybe the way to kind of look at it, Steve.
Patrick Campbell: Stable within our window of visibility, okay. What we've always said around that business, Steve, is that we understand the nature of playing in the consumer electronics game. And as long as George is explaining, as long as we're winning both on a cost standpoint and a product standpoint, it's a very good business. But you always have to be aware that, that business can change rapidly. So we're trying to bracket our thinking in that business around, on the downside, it can be a 20s type of margin business. But when it performs well, it will do very well for us. And we just want to be, I guess, fair with everybody to realize that within just kind of the nature of that business is that you can have that range of outcomes. But of course, what we're focused on is how do we keep the upside going? Realizing though that we have experienced and just the nature of the industry, such that at times, they can have a tendency to retract. So we're trying to provide a kind of a reasonable bookend for you to think about.
Patrick Campbell: I just say they are accelerating. I mean, Germany, as the economy, has performed very well. Export-related businesses have performed well. But the question, remember that in the first half of last year, they were impacted. But I think Germany vis-à-vis the rest of Europe obviously has outperformed.
Patrick Campbell: Because, John, it's a great, great question, I'm not so sure I can answer that. My intuition would say it's not. With unemployment the way it is and just a sensitivity around consumer spending, I would have a hard time believing that it's the same level that was back in kind of the pre-recession period. And remember, in the Consumer business, we actually start to see that all the way back into '07, so which is probably more of when the, I'll call it, the peak was.
Patrick Campbell: Yes, I'd have a sense to look at it. What was the underlying growth rate of those economies, and say whatever we're kind of doing over and above that is really a combination of kind of penetration gains and new products. Recall what we said in some meetings is that one of our strategies is to invest heavily in these local technical organizations to develop products that are more closely aligned with local market demands. You start to see that significantly in place over like China and Brazil. Where we are, more and more, we got products that are more tuned to the local market. That we've also got the dynamic at a place like China where a lot of these electronics is moving to China. So a lot of the new product development that we've got in places like Optical and Optically Clear Adhesives also start to flow through in a place like China and Taiwan.
Patrick Campbell: I think if Inge Thulin was here, I think Inge would say that his objective for the emerging markets continues to be in that 2.5x, 3x the economy growth rates.
Patrick Campbell: Well, I would say it's a new run rate until we decide that they're all, obviously, that they are paying off. And then we decide if we want to take on new investments on top of that. So in absolute dollars, we're now ramping up our spending. And then thus far, we're very confident on our growth projections for those investments. So if they continue to pay off the way we think they will, then obviously, we'll take a look to see should we ramp them up more? Now if you look at our ratio of sales, if you take a look at say SG&A, I do believe their SG&A cost will continue to get leverage out of SG&A in total as our revenue expands.
Patrick Campbell: I mean, I guess, we haven't seen it specifically from our business, and I think part of this is cluttered a little bit because of, as George hummed about double ordering and so forth, the supply chain has been very, very, put it in kind of a fragile state. I've seen some reports over the last week where there's been some belief that maybe there's a little bit of a kind of a slowing and pull back a little bit. But thus far, we haven't seen it on our site from a demand perspective yet.
Patrick Campbell: Well, in the Automotive Aftermarket, probably, we'll be more like kind of current pace of activity. So that doesn't really change that dramatically. The OEM, so you'll get into a comp issue here as you get to the back half of the year. First half had very, very robust build increases, 25% in the first half auto builds. That will not continue in the back half of the year as how the industry went through the traction last year. They start to ramp up production in Q3, Q4 last year. So you just start to see smaller increases on a year-over-year basis on the auto side.
George Buckley: The two businesses that saw that kind of maintained, I mean, they compressed a little bit, Scott, but maintained kind of normal performance versus the Consumer and Office business and Health Care. And you're just really seeing some small debts from them last year and comparable smaller growth issues. So it's really arithmetic issue. It just measures the stability in Oral businesses rather than anything to worry about.
George Buckley: I think, Scott, there are some pricing opportunities that we might be able to grab now. And also, when you think about the very high mix of electronic volumes and sales, it kind of distorts the net pricing picture. So again, I don't think there's anything for you to be concerned about. But it looks like there might be a little bit of opportunity here and there.
George Buckley: Well, Steve, it's really not that high to be frank with you. We pull our people here, and they really say there's just not a lot. In fact, if you look at the Census Bureau data, it shows that there's a little bit maybe more destocking than there is restocking net-net. So I don't think that's a big factor. We tried to calculate what impact was in the first quarter because we have those in monster numbers. And we cranked in three into the number, it might have been a little bit high. So I don't think it's a big factor at all, Steve. Maybe it's 1%, if you want to sort of put a number on the total this quarter. It's certainly not more than two, it's certainly less than the last quarter. So I don't think that's what's driving it, Steve. It seems to be when you look at the market growth, and you subtract all of the other things you know, you're left with this sort of 8% or 9% of growth that you can only attribute to in a share gain or on a new market creation. And that's been the pattern that's existed for three or four quarters now. And of course, you can probably understand we intend to try to do our level best to repeat it. And so it does seem that the new product growth model seems to be working, Steve, and I don't think that it's a big piece of this is being driven by restructuring. Remember, a lot of the channels that we have, have no stocking. Automotive has no stocking points. Electronics has no stocking points. We don't really send a lot through channels that do. So I don't think it's a big deal, Steve.
George Buckley: Steve, there's another phenomena that we've heard about, and that is in the electronics area. There is some double ordering. Because the supply chains are so tight, so lean, and some customers are worried about being able to get products, we do hear some occasional tales of double ordering. And of course, in the end, it's he who has the service quality, he who has the inventory is going to get that business. So you've got some kind of weird conditions existing in some of the businesses. So in part, I think it's not a big factor as we see it at the moment.
George Buckley: Only one last piece of color, Steve. We did decide to fund some projects on more advertising and merchandising and feet on the street in some of these emerging markets. There just seemed wonderful opportunities to us. So we did make some of that spending in this quarter. So again, I think you should see, as long as you understand the reasons behind the question or behind the data, you'll feel more reassured. Because actually the positive, we were investing in growth not suffering some sort of price compression or difficulties in the business. It was completely the opposite.
George Buckley: We talked about this. If you look at that roughly 30% or 31% NPVI number where we're at right now, and we really haven't lowered a lot more people in the system. It's a similar number to what existed when it was down in the low 20s and the late teens, and then clearly have -- we've driven some real good productivity in our R&D. Now you say, to ease off the question, how much more can we get out of productivity and how much do we need to put in real money on spend. You have to think of a couple of things there. One is just the basic kind of administration burden in R&D. Secondly, as Pat makes the point, we still got loads and loads of growth opportunities in emerging markets which are generally less expensive. So my kind of feeling on the R&D spend is, yes, it probably has to go up a little bit if we're going to continue to accelerate that 30, 31 number of the 40 which is what really is our goal. On the capital, I think the kind of growth rates we've been seeing in some of these businesses, in Optically Clear Adhesives, in Optical Films, in Abrasives, in the Renewable Energy in those areas, we have really just loaded those factories up. And I think, I only say it on the call because I think we remind it to ourselves as well as to investors that there is another piece to this puzzle, that we have to have capacity to do it. So I think right now, we seem to have gotten the R&D net-net. I think we got the R&D thing run pretty well, Jeff. And here and there, we are just going to have to pay increasing amounts of attention to investments in those big businesses. We have talked to investors about increasing the capital spend to the year probably taking up by maybe another $100 million, maybe turn up to $120 million, but something in that order in response to the question really that you're asking. I think we're okay for now. I think we have the people to execute it, Jeff. But if we continue to get these kind of growth rates for a long time, clearly, we're going to have to put some more people in here and get some more infrastructure to execute to make sure it's all kept in balance.
George Buckley: It's hard to know exactly, Jeff, where it's coming from. If you look at the report you'll see that some of those markets are still pretty moribund. But I think the sales into distribution, R&D distribution there, Jeff, for the most part, utility sales, commercial construction sales, those sorts of things, which you see now that's for market division. I actually just briefly mentioned that in my remarks it will be a 17% growth. So I think it's way too early, Jeff, to be suggesting there's some kind of resurgence there. I'm hard-pressed to believe that. So I think it's us getting this through new products. And maybe here and there, maybe there's a little bit of restocking. If there's any restocking anywhere, that's the place in these distribution channels is where you'd expect it, Jeff. So I don't want to be forecasting any kind of resurgence in that market. It is way too early at this moment. But it does seem that the product formula is working to the extent this activity in that market.
George Buckley: I mean, if you think about the many acquisitions we've done and all the rebuilding we've done, we still manage to maintain good growth, raising great returns, great margins. It's really why I posed that question. I posed it for ourselves before anybody posed it for us because I knew it was going to go down that pathway. And as Pat said, we have a number of quite exciting acquisitions, which are close to maturity that we hope to get completed in the second half of the year. I think you'll be quite impressed with some of them, some nice technology, areas that we're trying to get closed. So I think you'll see this concern disappear, certainly weighing as the year goes on.
George Buckley: No, Terry, there are a lot of places, which you're getting a little bit tight on capacity. In particular, it's the Renewables Energy area. We need more capacity there. We need more capacity in some of these very, very exotic, shirt abrasive grain areas. We need some more capacity in Optically Clear Adhesives. The demand for display technology, with the kind of things that we make for them, is just enormous. So they are the areas, but they're not the only areas we're seeing good growth in the general industrial tech usage. I suppose at some stage, we really think you see some other markets like construction come back. But as you quite likely pointed out, Terry, it's focus on those areas where we see the greatest growth. And even in our Optical Films business, it's quite remarkable that the guys in Optical done just an absolutely magnificent job of reinventing that business, driving out just awfully massive cost, I mean, eye-popping cost out of it and increasing productivity per square meter by almost 300 percentage, just really quite remarkable what they've done. And it looks like, now you can -- you know how that business can be. But it looks like that business is set for the next year or year and a half pretty nicely, maybe in a little longer. And we'll probably going to need some more capacity. You need to alter some of our capacity, modify some of our capacity is dedicated to other places of possible priority or put some new capacity in there. So that's where the demand is going to be, Terry.
George Buckley: Yes, we have. I think you should yourself ask the questions and we ask it ourselves is what is the asymptote? The price on these electronics, it comes down and down and down and down. Of course, the ultimate goal of any large consumer electronics company making TVs is to have an empty box on the wall that cost nothing that does everything. And that's their ultimate goal. But if you just look at where the asymptote likely lie, look at the cost of materials, weigh them, look at the cost of the building material multiplied by some small return, and you can make some estimates of where that asymptote is going. If I was making an educated guess right now, Terry, I think the bottom of this cost reduction cycle for TVs comes within the next three years. And so I think if we continue to win that battle, so the asymptote gets there, I think the pricing pressure goes away. You reap the rewards of all the cost reductions and efficiencies that you've got. And what consequently happens when you get to the bottom of these kind of cycles, Terry, you see actually recounting. So I think this sort of matures then into a somewhat slower growth, stable margin, good margin, great relationship business that is like many other businesses in 3M, they've gone through this kind of transitions. I think the corner of that journey is somewhere close to three years away. So as long as we can keep on winning for around that time, Terry, we can be in great shape.
George Buckley: I think what was meaning [indiscernible] I'm sorry  I was just going to add something if I can, Steve. When I was speaking to Terry, I want to be clear that I meant that the stability would come when the asymptote had been reached. And the pressure on price, there will always be pressure on price in that industry. But I said that the 12, nice 12, nice 14 will probably translate to some minus three, that kind of number. And what I really mean is not the possibility of volatility between now and then, it's just when that asymptote is being reached. It's much more like it. This is a more stable, a more normal 3M-like business going forward.
George Buckley: I don't know the answer at the top of my head, Ajay. But I would say it's at least a 2:1 ratio. And it may be as much as a 3:1 ratio. We'll get Matt to get those number afterwards. But it's an excellent multiple. We are doing much, much better in local those markets. You can think that China market number, for example, 50%-ish was growth in their market in the early teens. If you're aware, we're on a 3x or more of multiple there. Germany is  obviously not an emerging market, but their IPI for the quarter was around nine. We put in 20 for the month, 27 in June. So between two and three multiple there, and it's the same in Latin America. So it does seem to be coming from the share gain or new market creation. That's the conclusion I think that you have to reach.
George Buckley: Yes, in some cases, I think that's what we are. There are some unmet needs, Jason, here and there. I think that's a fair observation.
George Buckley: Amanda, the interesting thing about some of this big growth in electronic recently has come from technology changes, has come from the movement from CCFL backlit, LCD TVs, LED TVs, driven by brighter pictures, higher refresh rates, and much lower energy usage. So you've seen this driven by consumer making the choice to not only get new technology but getting it, with cost savings the source side of it. Certainly, all these display, these smart phones, smart display devices are all driving a large demand, new gaming, 3D cameras, 3D televisions, 3D gaming. So I think it's coming from new technology, and it is not necessarily connected directly with kind of consumer sentiment. Now whether in the end, that will fall off as bulls, we always would expect, it is. But in our business, we haven't seen anything to cause -- it doesn't mean there have at least some changes here and there, but nothing we've seen that would cause us any untoward upset. So, so far, so good.
Steven Winoker: First question around -- again, you talked a lot about, again, breaking up that top line core volume growth and talked about what is implied in sort of what must be share gains from new product discussions, et cetera. But how are you still seeing that restocking part of it playing out? I mean, as you now reflect back on the quarter, what's your sense in terms of total restocking? I know you just talked about dental a little bit, but just total restocking across the business.
Steven Winoker: For the second half of the year, as you look to that organic growth number that you've described, again, that's still dependent mostly on new product introductions and market share gains versus the cyclical rebound. Is that fair to say or...
Steven Winoker: And could you maybe expand on the sort of incremental margins in Consumer and Office and Safety over the last quarter? Just struck me on the incremental side a bit low, but just peeling that apart a little bit.
