Monish Patolawala: Yes. Thanks, Andy. So I’ll just start again back to 1Q. As we said in the prepared remarks, end markets pretty much played out as anticipated. You had consumer-facing businesses, both our Consumer business and our Electronics business. The Consumer business was down 7%. Electronics was down 35%. China continued to remain soft in Q1. We were down 20% in China. And also the DR and Russia comps pretty much came in where we said. So the end markets played up pretty much as anticipated. Coming into the quarter, we had given you a guide of $7.4 billion to $7.6 billion. We came in at $7.7 billion. So that’s at the high end of our range with some of the benefit also coming from a better FX rate at minus 2.8% versus the 3% to 4% that we had guided coming into the quarter. So when you look at that and you translate that into 2Q, I would still say the macroeconomic continues to remain fluid and uncertain. We are still seeing consumer weakness both in our Consumer business and in any of our consumer-facing businesses, especially consumer electronics. And so putting all that into the equation also looking into industrial markets that remain mixed, healthcare and oral care procedures pretty much remaining flat sequentially and then auto will be up a little bit sequentially and also up low double digits year-on-year. But then semiconductor is also down mid-teens on a year-over-year basis. Our current guide is $7.7 billion to $7.9 billion, which then translates to an EPS of $1.50 to $1.75. Included in that, Andy, in that $1.50 to $1.75 is a restructuring charge for the actions that we’ve announced today of $0.25 to $0.35. So if you exclude that for a moment, then on an apples-to-apples basis, you’re looking at $1.85 to $2. And the delta, if your question is about 1Q versus 2Q is the items you correctly said, which is some more investments as we think – as we look at the second quarter and the second half and the future, investments that we believe we want to take advantage of the markets as they get better in the second half, continuing to – but we will still continue to remain prudent with our investments depending on how the market evolves. And then it’s the tax rate and some of the non-op that just sequentially looks tighter. But with that said, just for the year, again, we are maintaining guidance, which includes the restructuring charge of $700 million to $900 million for the program. We expect half of that will be incurred in 2023. And the benefits from that program are also $700 million to $900 million. And we expect the benefits – half of those benefits also to show up in 2023. Just for you to know and for others, we’ve announced a significant announcement today. Some of them are organizational changes and business combinations or division combinations. We will be working through all of the reporting – our reporting on the new division basis. We plan to do that from 1Q 2024 onwards.. Hopefully, that answers your question, Andy.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So I’ll just start again, Steve. It’s $700 million to $900 million. We expect half of that to be incurred in 2023 and $175 million to $250 million to be incurred in the second quarter. The benefits of that program is also half in 2023, very little in 2Q. So the benefits actually show up in the second half. The reason the benefits are stronger than you would have normally seen as not all of these costs are just people-related costs. We are taking a lot of other costs out from the center of the company, we’re reducing rooftops, et cetera, which allow us to exit some of these cost structures faster, and that’s why you get a better payback.
Monish Patolawala: Right now, I would just focus on 2Q and the total year. And we will update you, Steve, as we get through the announcements today and work through all the people-related costs and work through the rules and regulations in various countries. I would just focus on total year-end and 2Q.
Monish Patolawala: Can I just add one more, Steve? As – I’ve always said this before, digital is a multiplier for 3M. And some of the digital capabilities that we have built over the last few years allows us to serve customers better. For example, Mike mentioned one of the areas where we are relooking at how we go to market in certain countries where in the past, we have had a full roof stop and a full cost structure, and now we’re going to work through our partnerships of third-party distributors, leverage our digital capabilities, leverage our export capabilities. And that also allows us to reduce cost while making sure we still continue to take care of customers in those countries.
Monish Patolawala: Just to remind us, Scott, from a numbers perspective, when we announced the exit of – the intent to exit our PFAS manufacturing and reduce our use of PFAS in our products, we had announced a fourth quarter charge. We said the total program would cost us $1.3 billion to $2.3 billion. In the fourth quarter of last year, we took a charge of $800 million, which was largely non-cash. We continue to make progress around that. Our current excluded numbers include what that – the extra charge in the quarter. For a total program basis, we still expect to incur right now $1.3 billion to $2.3 billion.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So, Chris, we did call out down 20%. It’s pretty much played out exactly where we expected it to be when we gave you the first quarter guide. And in the second quarter, currently, we are expecting China to be down low-single digits to mid-single digits. But sequentially, a few days into April, it’s pretty much playing out where we saw. And just talking to customers, talking and looking at all the external factors, there is an expectation that China GDP grows and increases in the second half sequentially and year-on-year. And our full year guidance, as I have talked about, assumes overall recovery in all economies in the second half, including China. And as supply chains continue to heal, we should start also seeing the productivity or cost reductions in our cost of goods to start showing up in the second half. And so sitting right now, that’s how we see China. China was impacted heavily by consumer electronics down in the first quarter, and that’s also reflected in our results.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, Josh. So, I would say a couple of things. One is, of course we have to have these programs work through. As we said, it’s $700 million to $900 million. A large piece of those charges will be completed by 2024. So, you would start seeing the benefit without these charges in 2025 and beyond. That time, of course you had to think through what the revenue is. But if you just use 2023 as a guide, as a basis, the margin expansion, excluding these charges are when these charges are done, is a 200 basis points to 300 basis points of margin expansion that you should see on an annualized steady-state basis. What I would tell you is that allows us to definitely get the better leverage that we have all been talking about. But the second other factor that comes into play is, as supply chains start to heal, you should start seeing productivity and cost-out starting to show up, which again is in our second half guide for the year. But that should continue into the future years. And then you add on data, data analytics and the digital capabilities that we have, that will allow us to do better network and logistics optimization, also dual-sourcing programs kicking in, etcetera. So, we should continue to see margin rates expand into the long-term once these programs are done. So, hopefully I answered your question, Josh.
Monish Patolawala: So, Joe, the $700 million to $900 million, if we just break it down to broad buckets, 40% of it is around the supply chain simplification that Mike talked about. The remaining 60%, you can split between costs at the center of the company and costs at the BGs. From a P&L perspective, a couple of items that Mike talked about, again, on the go-to-market. There will be a couple of divisions in TEBG that will be combined. And then from a consumer perspective, we will serve our customers more from an area perspective and then realign them around portfolios. And the other piece on a go-to-market cost saving is, as we look at some of the countries, the way we serve using our digital capabilities, we will look at using our partnerships that we have with our third-party distributors in those countries and use a digital/export model to serve those customers in those countries, which will also allow us to take out rooftops and fully loaded P&Ls in those countries that will also allow us to save cost.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So, depending on the business group, Joe, we had anywhere between low to mid-single digits. The average is low-single digits. The guide for the year is low-single digits. And at the same time, as we have said before, if we continue to see inflation, we will readjust as needed. The teams have done a good job, I would say, of looking at it product-by-product, market-by-market and making the right necessary price moves as required when they see inflation.
Monish Patolawala: Just one more to add is biopharma. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, biopharma this quarter was also impacted due to the normalization of COVID-related demand. And as Mike mentioned, the healthcare business is – for us is a great business. We will see volumes grow as elective procedures grow, oral care procedures go and biopharma demand comes back once we get the normalization out of the way from an inventory level. And with all that put together, the margin rates will also go up as volumes come through. But this is again a segment Mike has called out multiple times an area where we see great opportunity, which means we will continue to invest in that segment to make sure we take advantage of long-term growth.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. That’s – you got it right. Right now, our second quarter is also going to get impacted continuing inventory challenges and destocking at consumer electronics, whether it’s tablets, notebooks, TVs. Our view is that as China stabilizes as we start seeing our comps ease compared to last year, fourth quarter should be on a much more normal run rate, which means on a year-over-year basis, it will show positive growth.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. No change. I would say it’s the same. So, price/cost was positive, and the teams continue to manage both. As we think about the second half, that’s where supply chains, our belief is supply chain start healing, which means we should be able to see better cost – product cost from our factories as well as the cost from sourcing. That should continue to help us build on margins, which goes back to where – what we have talked about at earnings, talked about it at last quarter earnings, currently too, that all of this is baked into our guide where we see supply chain starting to heal in the second half and even markets starting to heal in the second half because as you know, we have talked about volume gives us the best leverage. So, those are the two things we are counting on in the second half.
Monish Patolawala: Just on your second question on timing. As you know, Deane, last quarter too, Mike had said, the teams are continuing to make good progress. This quarter too, they are making good progress. We were going – we were working towards a Q4 ‘23, early 2024 timeline. But just a reminder, our spin timing ultimately is subject to the IRS rulings because we want this to be a tax-free transaction, government approvals, making sure we get final Board approval and also take into account other conditions like equity and debt markets, other external conditions that could impact – on other developments that could impact 3M or any of its business. So, put all that together, I would just say that teams are focused, dedicated teams continuing to make progress, working through all the government regulations that we have to work through to get ready.
Monish Patolawala: So, I will just – on stranded costs, when we announced this transaction mid last year, one of the items we have talked about was that benchmarks were anywhere between 1% to 1.5% of revenue is stranded cost. And we had talked about saying, we believe we can do much better than that. Based on all the actions that we are taking today, currently, our view on stranded costs ultimately depends on the revenue of ParentCo too is between 50 basis points to 75 basis points, so much lower than benchmark. But we will keep working it. We will keep working it from now until the end of the – until the spin-off. And we will keep working it post that too, to reduce that.
Monish Patolawala: So, Nicole, I would say overall, the quarter pretty much played out as we thought. Jan, Feb, March, we expected acceleration, which we saw. April is also playing out pretty much where we saw. So, there is – I would say there was nothing in the intra-quarter trends in Q1 that stood out from where we had expected it to be. China remains soft, consumer-facing businesses remains soft, industrial end markets ex-electronics remain strong. And then healthcare elective procedures pretty much remain the same. And you normally in that industry see a Q4, Q2 or 1Q slowdown just as procedures slow down, and we saw that too. So, nothing I would say is major to call out intra-quarter in 1Q.
Mike Roman: Yes. Andy, as I said 3 months ago, we’ve been looking at everything we do as we come through the pandemic, come through the supply chain disruptions even face into the outlook for the year and our markets as we move ahead. So the actions that we’ve come to, they have been something that we’ve been very deliberate about thinking through. They are taking from learnings about what worked well and areas that we know we can improve. So it starts with a pretty strong basis. We’re confident that these are the right actions about positioning us for growth and profitability as we go forward. And it will help us navigate – as Monish just laid out, help us navigate some of the challenges and uncertainty we have in the current market. So our focus is – as your question kind of indicated, our focus is on executing successfully. And that’s – these are significant changes. We’re confident we’ve got the right focus. We’ve made some leadership changes to really ensure that we have our leadership focused on successfully making these improvements. And I think that this is the next step for us. We believe and we’re confident these will be the steps that really help improve our performance in our businesses and our supply chain. And as the second part of your question focused on, it’s about improving our costs and margins. Reducing our costs and improving our margin performance gives us a position to be successful in the future, leverage our innovation to create differentiated value with customers and deliver that to the bottom line performance that we expect both in terms of margins and cash flow. So it does position us for confidence in being able to do that as we go forward that incremental margin from our differentiated innovation. So yes, that’s – it’s exactly the reason and confident we’re positioned at the right – with the right strategies in place.
Mike Roman: Yes. I think the catalyst is really the learning and experience that we’ve gone through over the last few years. We put in place a business-led model really around our go-to-market models. We also put in place a global supply chain model that was end-to-end managed in one consistent model across the world. And we’ve been operating that through the pandemic, through the supply chain disruptions. Our businesses are learning, the go-to-market models that we have in place, we’re learning how to optimize those. And I would say we’re – we’ve gotten to a point when we look at where our markets are going in the future, where we want to invest, how we want to operate best to serve our customers. It’s really a learning – more of a learning over that experience than a catalyst. There is a catalyst, that’s to position ourselves as we take action now for the future, make sure that we are stepping into the changes that will both drive the performance in the near-term and also position us for the future. So the learning was really – and I think the clear view of what we can do to improve in the go-to-market models and also in our supply chain that is really, like I said, giving us the strong focus on the actions that we’re taking and announcing today.
Mike Roman: Yes, Scott. The PFAS exit, I would say this, we are executing what we announced at the end of last year and working to discontinue the use of PFAS in our products and working to exit the manufacturing. It’s not a specific focus in the restructuring actions. That’s – we’ve got a dedicated team following through on that set of actions, and we continue to make good progress. We’re working closely with customers and, I would say, making progress on our innovation to discontinue the use of PFAS in our products across the company. So it’s a separate focus, separate team and a separate strategy for us.
Mike Roman: Yes. Scott, I think it’s an important part of the actions we are announcing today, I would say, is to position us to be successful in delivering on the differentiated value that is 3M innovation. And we are always innovating around how we do that. We – I talked about in the announcements today that we are prioritizing some large, high-growth market segments where we have strong commercial presence and we can leverage strong innovation. So, I think if there is a kind of a consistent message over the last year or so from me is that we are prioritizing more and more where we focus that R&D investment. It’s still the first priority in our capital allocation, invest in R&D, invest in CapEx to drive that growth. We see the opportunities in those high-growth market spaces. We also called out and we are – as part of our actions that we are announcing today, we are putting in place a central group to really focus some of the capabilities that we have in broad material science going after some emerging market segments like climate tech and industrial automation, sustainable packaging. Next-generation electronics has got over the horizon some really exciting spaces. So, it’s about continuing to evolve that prioritization. And the businesses, they have got, I would say very clear focus on where their priority markets are, where their customer opportunities are that they can really create the most differentiation. So, that’s the, I would say a continuous innovation and evolving nature of how we think about investing in R&D, how we think about driving growth. And our goal remains the same, to leverage our innovation, to grow at or above the macro of the economies that we are part of and really focusing on those high-growth market segments so that we can do that.
Mike Roman: Yes. Chris, we talked a bit about the consumer retail destocking as we came into the year, and we saw that play out in Q1. There – I would say, in the U.S., in particular, retail has been destocking in the discretionary categories. And we saw that, and that was part of our expectation and pretty much played out as expected. We see that getting back to closer to your more consistent weeks of stock, but there is still probably some destocking to continue there, not maybe as aggressively as we saw in Q1, but we still see that playing out as we move ahead. We are also seeing destocking, I would say, across some of the industrial markets. So, we talked about that back on our Q4 earnings call as well that it was maybe out of cautious view of the outlook, and I would say that has played out as expected. We saw destocking in China around the slowdown in electronics. Also, in automotive, we – China saw a slowdown in automotive builds in Q1 and Asia more broadly destocking around electronics. I think the automotive levels more broadly given the growth are relatively in balance, maybe even low in some areas. Healthcare is pretty well aligned with the market and the recovery that we are seeing in procedures. I think the consumer is also seeing the dynamic of seasonal builds. There are some seasonal builds going on in the channel as well. So, some destocking, which played out as expected in the first quarter, I would say some of it carrying into the second quarter as we go forward. And then when you see the downturn in demand in electronics, there is naturally some destocking in the channels related to electronics as well.
Mike Roman: Yes. Julian and I will come to kind of the organic growth and margin. I would say we continued to see the healthcare procedures as an important driver of our healthcare performance. And there, we see some improvements. Monish highlighted in his prepared remarks some of the headwinds and challenges that are still – the labor shortages and some of the challenges and healthcare recovering to pre-pandemic levels. So, that’s important factor in driving our growth. If you look at our business, we also had some headwinds from the Russia exit in DR and so close to 2% organic growth. And we expect as procedures do recover that we will see improvements in our organic growth. On the margin side, Monish called out some of the headwinds, we have – still seeing some supply chain headwinds, still seeing some carryover from material, raw material and logistic inflation, energy cost inflation. And we are making some investments, investing in – it is a prioritized area of growth for us, and we are making and really staying focused on those investments. So, it’s a – it is part of the performance in the quarter. But again, confident that as procedures improve, we will see growth and growth gives us the best leverage to the margin. We will see those margins improve as we see some of the supply chain healing and some of the actions that we are taking help impact that as well.
Mike Roman: Yes. Nigel, I think it’s a reflection on really what are the strategies and actions that we are driving and the priorities that we are focused on right now and the importance of having leadership that brings the necessary focus as we go forward. And so it’s even looking back to 2022, the – some of the pivotal actions that we announced as we came through the year, they are the healthcare spend, our actions in terms of our supply chain changes, focusing our leadership now with the actions we are announcing today to go further and really make the changes in our – the next set of changes in our supply chain, moving forward with our new go-to-market models. Mike’s role is really focused on that. When I talk to Mike about stepping into this leadership role, it’s about really ensuring success as we drive these actions and changes forward, position us for the future, help the businesses working with the supply chain to be successful in integrating these changes and building for the future, help us to focus on the high-growth market segment. So, it’s really about putting up – taking our priorities and putting a strong leadership support in place to drive that. These are important and really significant actions that we are putting in place and important that we have. We also are supporting our leadership with a dedicated project management office. These are significant changes. So, it’s really a strong statement about what’s most important both on the restructuring, but also on our strategies in terms of growth and executing for our customers.
Mike Roman: Yes. Deane, maybe I will make a comment about the R&D. So, this is something that we have managed with other separations and divestitures and nothing of the healthcare spend scale, but it’s something that we are able to manage. We have – part of the focus of the separation team is on this area, and it’s important to be able to set up both healthcare and 3M going forward with the strong foundation for innovation that they both need. And you – the fields of use are actually quite distinct between healthcare and what will be 3M Company going forward. So, that’s a really a big part of it. And then we work through the details, make sure that we are positioning both companies to have the – not only the access to the technology, but the intellectual property that is at the foundation of what makes our innovation really that differentiated. So, making good progress on that and feel like that’s an area that we have a good roadmap ahead for us to follow.
Mike Roman: And Deane, I would say we are focused on successfully moving forward and making – successfully making progress with the spin of healthcare. And we are, of course focused on the actions that we announced today. So, we don’t plan on any other major portfolio actions in the near-term.
Mike Roman: To wrap up, we are taking significant actions to create a streamlined and stronger 3M. We will stay focused on creating greater value for customers and shareholders, improving our performance and using 3M science to make a difference in the world. Thank you for joining us.
