Mike Roman: Yes. And Dean, I would start with our entire business portfolio has been impacted one way or another from COVID-19. We talked about respirators, about 300 basis points of growth impact on the enterprise from that demand that we're seeing in respirators. But half of our businesses do remain down year-on-year. So we highlighted a couple of others that are up. You hit them as well. Our home improvement business, our separation, purification, our biopharma filtration business. Those are both up low teens. You look at some of the ones that have been impacted negatively, our office markets I would say in our hospitality kind of the commercial solutions those are both down low teens. So, it kind of gives you a view of how the impact plays out on both sides of that, both the positive demand and some of the impacts negatively from COVID.
Mike Roman: Yes. Deane, maybe I'll take the first part of that and just talk about how we think about guidance. And as we went through Q3 and got halfway through September, we did give you an estimate of how we were seeing sales. Behind that still, a lot of uncertainty about, how this is going to play out, how the economy is going to impact the businesses we were just talking about. And that remains true today. There's -- the current environment, it remains uncertain. So we continue to keep our guidance withdrawn. We're going to focus on executing well against what we see coming and we'll continue to report monthly sales. As soon as we get better visibility of the market outlook and the trends, then we will look at bringing back a view of guidance. But for now, we'll stay with the monthly sales reports.
Mike Roman: Yes, Nigel maybe I'll start with the second part of that. Just looking at the channel we haven't seen strong restocking across most of our portfolio. Maybe some in Health Care as elective procedures have come back. And I would say otherwise the channel has been cautious and we haven't seen a strong restocking as we went through third quarter even as we come into October. So, if you think about how sales trended as we went through Q3, we came in a bit better than the range that we said the $8.2 billion to $8.3 billion. Overall, revenues were pretty consistent through the quarter, two months we had sales we were up about 4%. For the full quarter we grew about 4.5%. Normally -- and I would say pre-COVID, we would see a strong upward trend as we go through September and as the quarter progresses. In both Q2 and Q3 that trend is there, but not at the historical level. So, looking through that and then what Monish mentioned about October that through the early part of October, we're seeing flat to low single-digits, the sales trends have been pretty steady through the interim quarter of Q3 into the start of Q4. 
Mike Roman: Yeah, John maybe I'll start where we always start. We're proactively managing that really EHS and PFAS kinds of strategies. And we do that around sound science, corporate responsibility and transparency. So, trying to keep you updated as we go here. And your question about EPA, we've been supportive of the EPA's plan for managing PFAS and we've been working in support of them with our commitments to provide a clearing house of information around that. When you look at – how do we look at 2020 and 2021? I would say, we continue to work as 3M around our manufacturing sites around historical disposal. And we continue to make progress on that. When you look at potential other actions and other EHS matters, I would say, there's been a slowdown with some litigation actions as part of that in the middle of COVID. So now we're looking at trials and related matters next year, first half of next year. So whether it's bellwether trials in Michigan or the multi-district litigation actions those are coming now sometime early to the first half of next year. So nothing more. We -- the reserves that we've taken for the work that we've been doing on our manufacturing sites, those are -- those cover what we see as probable and less mobile today. So that gives you kind of an updated outlook into early next year. 
Mike Roman: Yes. Andrew just if you look at Q3 we saw an increase in elective procedures coming into Q3. We saw that coming out of Q2 starting and then coming into Q3. That was behind some of the improvements that you saw sequentially in the Health Care business broadly. We -- as Monish mentioned in his remarks, we've seen a flattening of elective procedures not necessarily a downturn or -- but a slowdown in a flattening as we've exited September and come into October. So back to it's -- what's driving it. There's a lot of uncertainty of will it pick back up will it stay flat. I would say, we are continuing to remain cautious there as well. 
Mike Roman: Yes. Josh, let me give you maybe an update here. So this is the testing work that we're doing with MIT as a partner sponsored by the National Institutes of Health. And this has been a focus on a low-cost highly accurate paper-based device that can be mass manufactured. So, large numbers like you're talking about. And so where we're at we've created a prototype of that. And it's -- this is a saliva-based test and we've demonstrated sensitivity in the lab. And we're currently in a phase where it's being validated by an outside laboratory, and this includes a number of -- a series of tests including test against live samples positives, negatives really to determine how good it is at detecting COVID-19 and accurately. And so if that goes well then we would be looking at ramping it up to production. We would be -- the next step would be to work with the FDA on an Emergency Use Authorization probably sometime in the first half of next year just to give you a little bit of the time line. But it is something that would be a volume based low cost test that could be used broadly. So, we're excited about the partnership. We're excited about the good progress to this point but more work to be done.
Mike Roman: Yes. Josh, we still have some work to do. So I'll stay with low cost for now and we'll come back as we make more progress.
Mike Roman: Well, as we -- Steve, we said, it's low -- flat to low single-digits October trend. That takes into account that extra day. So, trending a little bit above that net of the extra day. 
Mike Roman: Yes, John. So we -- as Monish mentioned, we've added capacity as we've come into the second half or brought it online capacity that we have been working on as we've gone through the year. So that will have a little bit of an impact. I think it's still in that 300 basis point range for Q4. It will be sequentially up slightly off of Q3. 
Mike Roman: Yes. Normally you see a sequential decline from Q3 to Q4. Really typically there's two days difference between Q3 and Q4. That's one of the drivers. It's -- there's the holidays have an impact. And so we -- in respirator because of the situation we're in, I would say it's going to be similar to what you saw in Q3 maybe a little bit up as we bring that additional capacity online and serve the demand out there. 
Mike Roman: John, there's still a lot of uncertainty. I mean, we see demand extending into 2021 for sure and then we're bringing that capacity on to be ready for that. Well as Monish said, we're getting kind of our view of this as we get further into Q4 and get ready for 2021. We'll come back and give you a breakdown on that. 
Mike Roman: All right. Thank you. To wrap up, our operational performance was strong in the third quarter as we executed well, innovated for our customers and continued to fight the pandemic from all angles.  In a highly uncertain economic environment, our team delivered robust cash flow strong margins and return to positive organic sales growth. Looking ahead, we will continue to invest in both growth and productivity and we remain confident in our ability to lead the economic recovery, deliver great value for our stakeholders and realize new opportunities from emerging market trends. Thank you for joining us. 
Monish Patolawala: I would just add Dean I think the other piece is we've also hit on elective procedures. So they are also down year-over-year. So that impacts our health care business. And then on the positive side too, the other piece I would throw out is, as the economy moves to a digital-first, thinking about how we play in our semiconductor space, data centers, factory automation is another area of strength that has helped us and through COVID.
Monish Patolawala: And as I go to capital allocation Deane, just our priorities haven't changed. We've -- what we've always said is our first priority is investing organically because that's where we believe we get the best return. Our second priority has been paying dividends. Dividends has been a hallmark of 3M and I know our investors care about it. So that's our second priority. And then our third priority is M&A. And then with that is share buyback. So that's the way we look at our four. As you know through the pandemic and through the uncertainty that's going on, we have strengthened the financial position as you saw by reducing net debt. We also suspended share buyback at the end of first quarter. And right now, as we have announced our share buyback remains withdrawn. We are working on 2021. We have multiple scenarios. And as we finalize that, we'll keep you updated as appropriate.
Monish Patolawala: No. I think -- I would say Scott, we are pretty much online. The team has done a nice job of controlling costs. As you can see sequentially, our margin rates have gone up 670 basis points. And that's driven a lot by the fact that the team has done a nice job as well as the volumes have picked up, you get the operating leverage and that's what we've seen, so nothing untoward. The thing that you also have to keep in mind on a year-over-year basis, as we bought Acelity and the impact of the purchase accounting nearly causes a 220 basis point drag on a year-over-year basis due to purchase accounting.
Monish Patolawala: Sure, Scott. Price was 60 basis points and I agree with you, the team has done a good job of driving it. But as you know that's the innovation model. The company has historically managed to get 30 to 50 basis points and part of it is just the strength of the innovation and the customer value we add. On the price over 60, I would say the Americas and the EMEA were both that we saw price increase. Asia Pacific was down on year-over-year. And I would say there's nothing I would call out as specific or one product line that drove it. It's a general increase that we have seen across multiple markets and the products that we have introduced this year as well as the pricing actions that were put into place at the beginning of the year and they are holding.
Monish Patolawala: Sure. I'll just start with the first one. So, the team's done a nice job on inventory reduction. As I said earlier, I would say there are two pieces that drove it. One is you saw the volumes quarter-over-quarter sequentially up nearly 16%. I would say that's just number one that drove it. And secondly the team has been focused and is focused on driving inventory velocity up. And those are the two factors. For example they started doing -- using a lot of data and analytics that helps us decide where our inventory level should be. There's always more work to do there, but that's another driver of how we were able to drive this down. I would say to your second question on do you see it going down or not, I think our philosophy hasn't changed on making sure that our inventory levels keep going down and our velocity keeps going up. But it's an extremely uncertain environment. So, you're seeing markets that are up a lot. You're seeing product lines that are down a lot. Mike already touched about some of the lines where we were down double-digits and some other lines where we were way up double-digits. So, I think that's what we are working on balancing. So, we'll decide as the pandemic settles out what our production level should be what our inventory level should be. But overall, I would count on you -- count on us to make sure that our inventory levels from a velocity perspective keep improving. And then your last question on manufacturing unabsorbed cost. So, as you know some lines were up or down. We have incurred costs which is approximately $35 million of fixed cost that are unabsorbed manufacturing variances.
Monish Patolawala: So, I would say Andy, there are quite a few factors that go into it so I'll just start again with just with the uncertainty that's in the market and volume is a big driver of it. We are seeing GDP and IPI both are going to be down year-over-year or projected to be down. We have also seen uncertainty in the market. In general, we are seeing places where for example where I said healthcare procedures are leveling customers are remaining cautious et cetera. So, there's a lot of uncertainty in that market. On the flip side, we continue to see pretty good end market trends whether it is on our personal safety, our home cleanliness, and our home improvement business, and then biopharma filtration. So, when you put all that together the team will continue to monitor that as the economy evolves. We are continuing to focus on making sure that we have cost -- we are being very cautious on cost. But at the same time we will invest in growth and productivity where required. So, you're going to see both sides here. You saw us talking about investing in some of these segments that we see that in the longer run we have growth potential. So, with all that put together, as well as just remember, sequentially historically two – Q3 versus Q4 we always see a drop in margins. Q4 is the lowest for 3M, and part of that is driven by just the two lower billing days that you get on a year-over-year basis. So the fixed cost gets spread over a shorter number of days. So with all that put together, we believe right now the line of sight we have is to 21%.
Monish Patolawala: Sure. I'll start with just giving you the reasons for the strong growth, and then I'll talk about what we think about the future. On the growth in SIBG, the margins were driven by two pieces. One is extremely strong demand for our respirator business. So that's one as well as our sequential improvement pretty much across all the industrial product lines have helped us from an overall cost position. And secondly, the team has done a great job of being very cautious on how much – on being cautious about the spending levels, and I think both of that. But at the same time, the industrial business the Safety and Industrial has continued to invest also where we see the growth opportunities. And then on the consumer side, it's driven again by strong growth in our home care business and our home improvement business, which has also helped us from a margin rate perspective. The point on advertising and merchandising that I was bringing on is the team has spent what they think is appropriate in this environment. But as we are starting to see markets come back up and seeing some of the future trends in this area, we are going to continue to invest in advertising and merchandising, as well as investing in new product innovation as required. But I think, I would say that in general is the philosophy that we're going to follow, which is we're going to invest in growth and productivity in areas that we feel that has long-term potential for 3M. At the same time, we'll dial back in areas or reprioritize in areas that we feel in the short run may not give us the big bang for the buck. So that's the way we would think about it. 
Monish Patolawala: Sure, John. As Nick and Mike had said before my time too, the company wanted to get below sub-two on a net debt-to-EBITDA leverage and we are right now where we are. So we are at 1.8 at the end of Q3. The way I look at it is again, it's an extremely uncertain environment right now. So we don't have any target that we're going other than we want to keep strengthening the balance sheet keep giving us the financial flexibility and that's what we are doing. As we get into 2021, we'll see how the world looks like from that trend. And at that point, we'll make a decision. But you should just count on 3M to have a strong balance sheet and that's what we're going towards.
Monish Patolawala: So I'll just first answer a little more on with numbers. So if the U.S. and Europe with the data that we see Andrew was at the end of third quarter between the 70% to 75% of pre-COVID levels in those two parts of the world. China of course was a little higher in between the 85% to 90%. And as we said I think what we are seeing is a flattening. I think there's nervousness right now with some of -- with what's going on in the world of course with the outbreaks of COVID in a few of the regions. And we have multiple scenarios that we are watching. And as I mentioned we believe elective procedures will be down on a year-over-year basis. And you can pick that range but we believe it's going to be -- right now what we are seeing is pretty much flat October to September. 
Monish Patolawala: Sure Joe. I'll answer both separately. On the $400 million as announced and as you correctly stated most of them were temporary in nature. And some of them as we had also disclosed at the end of Q2 have a reversal impact in Q3 and Q4 especially vacation accruals become negative in Q3 and Q4, as well as the timing of our bonus accruals, AIP accruals become negative quarter-over-quarter. The overall impact of all that put together was a $50 million benefit in Q3. And then your second question on what do I see it going forward? I would say also if you recall in the second quarter we had announced some actions that we had from a restructuring perspective, but that would have an impact in 2021 and beyond. And then in the fourth quarter of 2019 also we had announced actions that we had taken as we went into the new model of the new transform way of running 3M, and there's approximately $30 million of benefit in that in the second half.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. The way we look at it, Joe, is that we believe respiratory production continues or that demand continues for a long time. So, we continue to see, I would say, the strength from that business to grow. We are investing in capacity as we have announced. We have made around -- we'll make around two billion respirators this year. We'll exit at a run rate of 1.2 billion for the second half, which is nearly 2.4 million to 2.5 billion respirators for 2021. And so, our view is that demand remains strong. As well as, we are truly committed to fighting the pandemic from all angles, and this is just one piece of it. Between this, the home cleanliness products, the home filtration products, 3M is doing everything we can to help the world out and make it safer.
Monish Patolawala: So, I'll answer my question Julian, with a caveat that I'm 90 days in. But I'd start with the following that the team has done a nice job. You saw the margins rebound from Q2 to Q3 as the sequentials came through. I think for Q4, which is what we should be looking at the question that will come around is what's the volumes going to be, based on where we are with everything that we're seeing in electives and oral care. And I think that's the big piece. The team will continue to focus on making sure that we are being very cautious on what we spend on cost. But at the same time, as we start seeing the future growth come back post the pandemic, we will not hesitate to invest in growth and productivity, because this is a great franchise for us and we want to keep making sure that it has long-term growth and good margin performance too.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So I would say, Julian, we are busy working on building out 2021. So I'll give you definitely more detail as we get into 2021. And but as I mentioned just a few sets of numbers for you, is the action that we took in Q2 of 2020, has a tailwind of nearly $110 million in 2021, because that's the restructuring action that we'll take. The flip side of that is, as you know we have got a lot of temporary measures put into place. We have frozen contractor services, travel, et cetera, and some of that will come back on a year-over-year basis. As well as depending on what the future growth potential is, we will be investing growth and productivity at the same time. So long answer to your question that there are multiple moving pieces. We are in the midst of working through 2021, and we'll definitely keep you appraise of that as soon as we lock down on our case.
Monish Patolawala: Nothing that I can think of right now Steve. Again, as we get through 2021, as we finish our planning for 2021 we'll definitely keep you posted, but as of right now nothing mechanical.
Monish Patolawala: So we haven't seen it getting worse as of right now, Laurence. I would say we are seeing a flattening of the curve. But I'm sure as you go area-by-area depending on where local lockdowns are happening they'll have an impact. But we haven't seen that yet at our level. So we are seeing more a flattening. But this thing can change weekly depending on how it goes. So this is just an initial trend of what we're seeing right now. 
Bruce Jermeland: Yes Andrew, this is Bruce. If you look at the EBITDA margins of Health Care they're right at 30% here in the quarter. So the big driver of -- there's two items really that impact margins as you look at it historically. The realignment of the company when we move the Separation Purification business into Health Care had below-average Health Care margins. So that had a negative impact. And then secondly, the D&A associated with the Acelity acquisition is impacting the margins. So peeling that back though Health Care right now is right around 30%. So kind of back to the upper 20s to around 30% range. 
Bruce Jermeland: Yeah, Julian, just let me clarify the actions we took, the $110 million related to our Q4 action we announced.
Bruce Jermeland: Yes. On pension, Steve, obviously, we'll see where rates are at on December 31 and that will determine what the expense is next year.
Bruce Jermeland: Yeah. If you look at third quarter John, it's pretty minimal, because we've lapped now the Q2 actions we took a year ago. And in the Q4 actions that we announced earlier this year, they were somewhat impacted by COVID. And so we put in place for example things like hiring freezes as we've gone through COVID. So those actions are going to have more of an impact next year as Monish mentioned $110 million to $120 million, a little impact here in the second half of this year. 
Bruce Jermeland: Yes, there is some benefit from the actions we took. But as Monish mentioned earlier John, some of the actions that we put in place in Q2 such as we encourage our employees to take half of their vacation by the middle of the year becomes a headwind in Q4 because people generally take a fair amount of vacation during the holiday. So, plus we're continuing to making sure we're investing in the business to set up success as we go into 2021. So for now 21% is where we think is appropriate as we start the quarter. 
