Monish Patolawala: Thanks, Andrew. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, when we came into the year, we thought we would have end markets that remain uncertain as well as economic uncertainty would exist. Looking at where we in the first half, as I've called out, electronics continue to remain soft. We were nearly down 30% in the first half. We had consumer spending continue to remain soft. The consumer discretionary spending continues to remain soft. China remained soft in the first half. And then when you put all that together, you look at it and say, what are the trends we are looking for in the second half. And so what we are watching is electronics and see whether it's hit its bottom or not, we believe that electronic softness will remain. It's still going to be negative for the year but less negative in the second half. Consumer spending has remained soft in the first half. We believe it will remain soft in the second half. So we are watching back-to-school season and holiday season. Industrial activity has remained mixed. There are certain markets that continue to remain strong. There are certain markets that we are seeing a little bit of destocking in there. Health care elective procedures, we believe, will continue to go up on a sequential basis. At the same time, Biopharma and Health Information Systems are still constrained. Biopharma is going through COVID-related demand and HIS, or Health Information Systems, is impacted by stressed hospital budgets. As I've also mentioned in my prepared remarks, DR right now looks like it's going to be at the worst end of our range of down $550 million versus we thought it was going to be $450 million to $550 million coming into the year. And in China, we have -- second quarter was weak, down 4% on lower comps and we currently have not seen much of the recovery show up in China. Plus as a reminder, it was a tough comp in -- through 3Q of last year as China was coming out of COVID. So when you put all that together, Q3 is very similar to 2Q. And overall, the trends that we see make us feel that where we are right now in the first half and where we see trends going in the second half, we feel that from a revenue guide basis, we'll be at the lower end of our guide that we had given which was flat to minus 3% coming into the year. But with that said Andrew, if markets change, we will definitely be there to serve it. The teams are executing well as you have seen in the results that we have announced. We've got momentum on supply chain and supply chain execution. The team is doing a great job on restructuring and driving the cost as well as the team has hyper focus on making sure we are continuing to be prudent on our cost spending. But as we see these markets start to evolve in the second half and into 2024 and beyond, we won't hesitate to invest in growth in the high-growth markets because ultimately, we are in for the long run. Hope I answered your question, Andrew.
Monish Patolawala: Yes Andy, I'll just start first with your question on sustainability, et cetera. There have been a few questions on cadence of restructuring charges and benefits. And we have attached an appendix that shows you by quarter where we expect to be for 2023 which is charges in the range of $400 million to $450 million and benefits in the range of $400 million to $450 million, so self-funding. The total program, as a reminder, is between $700 million to $900 million of charge and $700 million to $9 million -- $900 million of benefits. From a cadence perspective, depending on how the restructuring announcements play itself out, we've given you 2023, we expect 2024 charges by the end of 2024 to have pretty much taken most of the restructuring charges. The benefits, of course, show up in '25 and beyond. And once all these charges come to an end, the benefit is between $700 million to $900 million. Your second piece on where are we starting to see margin, as you have seen coming into the second quarter, one of the reasons for us able to beat expectations in the second quarter was driving supply chain efficiency. So factories started to heal better, raw materials started to flow better which allowed us to have longer runs. But at the same time, the work that the supply chain team has done under Peter Gibbins is starting to drive the execution and we are starting to see that in the results. And then, of course, the team is hyper-focused on cost control. So to answer your question on second half and how this plays out, one is you do have to adjust for the restructuring cost by quarter and you will see that the margin rate is climbing. Secondly, when we came into the year, we had said OI or operating margin will be somewhere in that 18.5% to 19% range. Sitting right now with a lower revenue number with a higher EPS number, we believe that we'll be somewhere in that 19.5% to 20% range which includes all the charges and all the benefits. What we are watching also is, to answer some other of your points, raw material and energy cost inflation coming into the year was $150 million to $250 million. We have now changed that to $150 million to $200 million. So we are starting to see the benefit there. What we have seen so far Andy, is disinflation which is lower inflation than last year. We are seeing the benefit in logistics. But however, some of our commodities still continue to be inflation. Inflationary and labor, frankly, is sticky from an inflation perspective in those commodities. But that also will play itself out as events play out through this year and into 2024 and beyond. And then we will continue to be focused on cost. Another item for us in the second quarter -- second half is as we are getting ready for the spin of Health Care, we'll be, of course, standing up the new management team. Mike already talked about that in his prepared remarks. There will be some cost incurred from a -- as these -- as we have management teams appointed that start getting ready to be -- have Health Care be a stand-alone company. And then, on -- I would just say on another housekeeping item is other financial, when we came into the year, we had said it would be minus 10% to flat on a year-over-year basis. We are updating that to minus 5% to flat -- minus 5% to plus 5% which on the midpoint is 0. First half, we got benefited by $0.11. Second half, it will be a negative $0.11 but that's on a year-over-year basis. So I gave you a lot Andy, just to make sure that you have enough information as you build your models out and you look at us in totality.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So Joe, I think you have to break this up into multiple pieces. What I've said before is what we are seeing is lower inflation than a year-over-year. Our headwinds are somewhere in the range of 150 to 200 between electricity and carryover of raw material inflation. We have done 100 in the first quarter and we have done, I would say, between 25 in the second. So we still got a little to go on carryover. But when you talk about new inflation, I'll break this up into logistics costs are seeing in lower costs, partly driven by we are also reducing the amount of premium freight that we used during the pandemic because raw materials are flowing better. You are still seeing inflationary items in downstream. So upstream materials have started to show signs of moderation of inflation but from a downstream perspective, labor cost is still pretty sticky in inflation. So what I would say is we'll have to look commodity by commodity, market by market. And as things evolve in the third and fourth quarter, you should start seeing some of the cost on a year-over-year basis get better. If you recall last year, it was, I would say, October, November was when you started hitting peak of inflation and then you saw markets starting to moderate. It will also, of course, depend on ultimately what happens with monetary policy. It will also impact -- depends on demand that you're going to get from China and the rest of the end markets that we play in. So all put together, our current view is that things have gotten better, especially logistics. Material is flowing better which is definitely helping us run our factories better. We are seeing cost out and the teams are doing a nice job of driving it. But it will take a little bit of time for it to show up, depending on our year-over-year comp and how much of that material will be actually consumed based on the volume we produce. Long answer to your question but it's multiple materials. So it's not one that we buy, unfortunately.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, Chris, a great question. So your math is right. I would also look at fourth quarter, where we have said $185 million to $235 million. You take that midpoint and you annualize that, you'll get to -- closer to the overall annual range. But when you look at the way our charges are, some of it is rooftops, some of this is noncash charges and some of it is restructuring people. All that put together in the first half, we have done $262 million. What is left to go which is, I think, your question in '24 and beyond, what happens with the cost, there are a couple of things. Geography by geography, we go through negotiations, make sure we are following all the regulations in there. So there will be a cost for that. And then we've got some other rooftops, et cetera, that take a little longer for us to exit that also happen in 2024 and beyond. So that's why you're seeing this the way it is right now.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, I would say, listen, on Q2, the teams knew that we had to execute well and early and they've done a nice job. Some of the benefit came from head count. But a lot of the other benefits that we've got, as Mike mentioned about streamlining the corporate, we were able to go after a lot of indirect costs in those areas, including exiting some of the rooftops that we wanted to that we were planning to early. So again, it goes back to a lot of focus on cost control, making sure that where we are spending our money on an indirect perspective also is well focused on. And that's where we were able to get to be off to a better start than we expected. So I give the team a lot of credit. They're going through very granular level of detail, making sure that we are doing the right amount of spend and focusing in the right place as we get the best return. So my credit to the team.
Monish Patolawala: Nicole, I'll add one more is we are very confident and bullish about this business. In fact, we have added capacity to continue to have more production output out there as the demand comes back.
Monish Patolawala: So as I've mentioned, there is slight improvement that you're going to see in -- overall in Health Care. One is electric procedures should go up. Biopharma demand should start settling down. Hospital budgets are hopefully starting to bottom but we don't know that. So we'll have to see what happens with elective procedures. But overall, I would say there is improvement from a first half to second half in the market in general in Health Care that we have embedded into our guide. On the other hand, the thing we are watching also is oral care, Nicole, or orthodontics. Because as you know, if the economy slows down, that's an area that people will control their spending on. And so that's the other thing we're watching and, of course, China and seeing how the recovery in China plays itself out. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Mike has said it multiple times too, this is a great business. In the long term, this will continue to have very good growth. We are working through some comps from last year which was COVID as well as capital budgets and hospitals. But all those trends in the long term will turn themselves around.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. You -- as I've said before, as supply chains start to heal, one of our big opportunities or opportunities to continue driving cash flow as inventories. The teams have done a really nice job of starting to use data and data analytics. We are getting better at doing demand planning. So I would say in the long term, you should see trends continue to improve from an inventory turns perspective. Because as supply chains heal, as we get better on demand planning, that's why you're going to see it. So you will see it get better in the long run.
Mike Roman: Yes, Andrew. Maybe I'll pick up on Monish's description of what we're looking at in the second half. And if you look a little further at the consumer electronics, we saw a soft first half in -- across all consumer electronics category, smartphones, TVs, notebooks, tablets. It -- you just saw -- and it was impacting our results as Monish outlined. And as we look into the second half, maybe there starts to be projected recovery in the markets in fourth quarter but really third quarter looks like the first half. And I would say picking up on inventory in the channel, we see destocking in a slowdown like this. And so we expect some destocking to continue in the electronics channel. So as we go into third quarter, that's kind of forming the view that we have. Now what would we need to see? We would need to see a turnaround in demand in those particular build rates in those end markets. And we'll see, I think, confidence show up in the inventory in the channel as well. So we're watching each of those categories closely in consumer electronics. And we also keep an eye on semiconductor capacity as well and how that's being -- how production is changing there. That gives you an indication of demand as well.
Mike Roman: Yes Andy, the quarter down mid-single digits, that was also impacted by disposable respirators down as we talked about, so about flat for the quarter outside of disposable respirators. And as Monish outlined, we're going to see more to the high end of our range of what we expected for disposable respirator declines in the year which means in third quarter, we'll see an impact from that as well. And when we talk about mix, it's really across the portfolio. We're seeing some strengths in our roofing granules, our automotive aftermarket business. The demand for car repair and around that business is strong. We saw some softness in electrical markets and abrasives. Our industrial adhesives and tapes business is impacted by electronics. So that's feeding into the industrial business as well. Personal safety, excluding disposable respirators, has been showing strength, up high single digits in the quarter. So that's kind of the mix picture. I -- we're also in the channel, we're seeing some caution from distributors. They're cautious about the outlook for industrial markets. They're also seeing the benefit of improving and healing supply chain. So cycle times are improving and they're pulling back on some inventory. So that's having some impact on our businesses as we come through the quarter and our outlook for the second half. So it's a mix. And the impact from China is part of that as well. We're seeing the slowdown in the markets there or the slow first half and not yet seeing an upturn in that and looking for that as we go into the second half. So, that kind of gives you a view across the -- what we mean by mix markets.
Mike Roman: So yes, Scott, I would say as you see -- Monish called it disinflation, moderating of inflation. You're going to start to have discussions around impact on price. I would say when we look at it, our price value is in the right place where we are, where we face our markets. You -- I would say the area where you have the most discussion, typically are retail markets. It's an ongoing discussion, it always is. Even in the times of high inflation, it's a strong discussion. But price is a topic everywhere, right? We're confident that we're priced in the right place as we come through this market dynamic broadly. So we're not looking at pressure specific in one segment or another. But I would say the conversation is something that we anticipate as we see disinflation and eventually, we see deflation, then we would expect it to ramp up.
Mike Roman: Yes, Scott, maybe I'll step back for a second. As we came through the pandemic, we saw a lot of factors impacting our supply chains. Inflation, labor shortages, raw material availability, all that was impacting our production runs and really creating inefficiency in our factories, impacting yields. And as we came into this year, we started to see supply chains healing. We're seeing labor availability improving. Our -- Monish highlighted, we're still seeing inflation in labor. Raw material availability has improved. And we put a lot of focus during the most difficult times in the supply chain disruptions on multiple sources for raw materials. And we were engaging with many suppliers, hundreds of suppliers, on a monthly basis to try to manage those raw material interruptions. As they've healed, that's become much more focused on a few raw materials. We're seeing much better availability. All this is helping us run our factories a little more efficiently. We're seeing improvements in yield. We're seeing improvements in logistics as supply chains heal more broadly. And so as we stepped into the restructuring, we were taking stock of what we learned during the pandemic, what we learned during the restructuring, also what we learned as we moved to our global operating model. And so streamlining is really taking advantage of all those learnings and I would say also taking advantage of investments in data and data analytics, our digital strategies, investing in productivity, more broadly in our manufacturing models. And so streamlining is focused broadly across our supply chain. I talked about we're working to improve every aspect of it, better, more disciplined planning, taking advantage of data and analytics, stronger focus on sourcing, that dual sourcing, taking advantage of that strategy, what we can learn in the plants about running more efficiently and how we can manage logistics more efficiently. So plan, source, make, deliver, we're streamlining across that really taking advantage of the learnings and I would also say stepping into aligning to customers in our business models. And it's going to continue to be an opportunity for improvement. We'll continue to evolve this. But the restructuring actions really try to incorporate those learnings. And it wasn't a top-down. We're going to take out so much head count. It was how do we restructure, realign, streamline our supply chain plan, source, make, deliver to take advantage of all that and position us in the markets that we're in but also position us to be ready for a stronger performance as we go forward in the future.
Mike Roman: Yes, Joe, I'll go back to my earlier comments. The decline that we've seen in the first half has really been driven by reduced demand in smartphones, tablets, TVs, those different categories. There is an ongoing shift in the display technology from LCD to OLED. And that's something we had talked about. As you noted, we talked about it a number of years ago, anticipating it. We continue to innovate on the OLED platforms but we do see some impact from that shift as we see the continued movement away from LCD to OLED in a few of those categories. So there's some impact from that. The bigger impact, again, is the demand in the end markets, smartphones, TVs, tablets and laptops, a few -- those categories.
Mike Roman: Nicole, I -- well, I highlight biopharma as being one of the impacts on solid growth in health care is really a reflection of the post-COVID dynamic. So saw strong demand in biopharma for vaccines and therapeutics and we ramped up to serve that and the industry did broadly. And what you're seeing is kind of the other side of that demand and also the inventory, working off the inventory that was built up and trying to respond to that demand. So we're seeing both aspects of that. The space, the opportunity that we see for innovation and for us, growing the business, we see this as a long-term growth driver. We have new solutions that -- and one of the reasons we had value as we came through the opportunity vaccines and therapeutics is we could combine steps in processing, multiple steps into one. And so that demand is going to be there. As we look forward, the recombinant protein therapeutics are an opportunity going forward or just near term working through that post-COVID dynamic, both in end-market demand and inventory in the broader channel.
Mike Roman: Yes. I think over the last several years, we've been talking about taking a proactive approach to managing our litigation and that includes the whole PFAS docket. And it's been part of our strategy and we talk about it kind of in short form that we're going to proactively manage it, defend ourselves in court and work to resolve through mediation as appropriate. And that's been really the guiding strategy and how we've looked at it. So as things evolve, we are making decisions around that frame.
Mike Roman: The addressing litigation, our strategy there is independent of what the share price is doing. I mean, certainly, there's an overhang in the stock price and the uncertainty around that. And we are focused on doing what we can to address litigation, help address that uncertainty. That's something we've been discussing with investors over multiple years. And so that certainly plays into it from that standpoint. We don't like the overhang on the stock and we want to manage it. But we've got to -- as we move forward, we've got to do what's in the best interest of the company for the long term. And so that gets back to we're going to defend ourselves in court and we're going to work to resolve as appropriate.
Mike Roman: To wrap up, we continue to execute in a dynamic environment. While we see progress and positive momentum, we have more work to do. And we'll continue to advance our restructuring actions, control costs, strengthen our supply chain. At the same time, we will drive our strategic priorities, improving operational execution, successfully spinning off our Health Care business and addressing litigation. I thank 3Mers for their contributions and commitment, especially as we continue to lead through significant chain. We will stay focused on driving growth, improving operational performance and delivering value to customers and shareholders. Thank you for joining us.
