Monish Patolawala: Sure, Steve. I'll just start with the overall guide for the year. As you know, we don't give quarterly guidance. So the guide for the year, coming into the year was 2% to 5% organic growth. We are continuing to see that, that that's doable in the 2% to the 5% growth, no change there at all. The purpose of giving you the second quarter outlook was just, as you're building your models to help you think through the macroeconomic environment. As I've said, the start to April was slower, mainly driven by China and the work there. But we'll have to see when the lockdowns are released and how fast China ramps up historically when they have the ramp-up is there. So we're just giving you what we've seen in April. And then, you can see some of the macro trends in the auto and consumer industry have gone down sequentially, driven by semiconductor and chip shortages, but health care starts moving up from the 85% to the 90% to the 90% to the 95%. So puts and takes for the year, we still see ourselves getting to the 2% to the 5% range that we told you about with adjusted earnings per share of $10.75 to $11.25. So no change there. Overall, I would say -- and market demand has remained strong in the first quarter. So far, we are seeing it strong, other than for what I told you about China, but we are overall still seeing markets strong. And I think time will play itself out on how some of these uncertainties go through the year, but bullish about the long term and bullish about the year.
Monish Patolawala: Sure, Scott. Listen, the team did an amazing job. As I've talked about the tools that we've had, the daily management. Last year, we started slow on pricing, 0.14%, went up to 1.4% in Q3 and 2.6% and in Q4. This quarter, we continued the momentum, which was driven by two pieces, the carryover impact, plus new pricing. As I said in my prepared remarks, we more than offset the amount of inflation. So, if you just do the math on a rate basis, not just on a dollar basis. So, that's -- we got a 3% plus price in the quarter. The team is very focused on looking at the extra inflation that's coming in, they're already working on higher price. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the goal is to offset the extra inflation that we are seeing with extra price and so a really good start to the first quarter.
Monish Patolawala: I'm not sure I follow, Jeff, but you're asking, are we going to a go-forward basis? Yes. So we have made the adjustment that going forward, all costs for significant litigation matters will be shown as an adjustment to our earnings. And so you will see the GAAP EPS number, which is reported and adjusted earnings per share. And we have also filed an 8-K showing you restating the history. And just so that you can catch up on what it was, and Bruce talked about in his prepared remarks is, for example, in 2021, we would have excluded approximately $0.61, which was cost for significant litigation matters as a -- to show it as an adjustment, which will be 140 basis points of margin impact.
Monish Patolawala: Fair point, Jeff. Fair point. At the end, listen, the first results are GAAP EPS. There's no going away from that. The reason we have broken this out into TWO was, there was a lot of requests from investors asking us to show -- to bring better clarity to the underlying performance of our business. And we have disclosed $90 million. We disclosed that last year, too. We are disclosing it this year, too, as a reminder of what we disclosed last year. And there was an ask for people to know how much we were spending on cost for our litigation-related matters. So we've shown that as a separate line item. You can put it either way. At the end of the day, GAAP EPS is the first thing. Second is the adjustment. So you can see how much you're spending on litigation and you can see the -- bring clarity to our underlying business. So, hopefully, that clarifies.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So, I would tell you, I'll start, Andy, with -- if you go back to Mike Vale’s comments at Investor Day, he talked about one of his priorities is continuing to drive margin expansion. And we saw that sequentially. We knew going into the year that the year-on-year comp will be difficult, as you correctly pointed out with the amount of inflation. But the team has driven momentum on all items, which is price, continue to see the restructuring benefits, we're able to continue to drive productivity in the factories, at the same time, continue to invest in the right amount of growth as based on the priority platforms that we have listed out, and you saw it in the first quarter. Our mask respirator did come in better. When we had come in in the beginning of the quarter, we had told you it would be down sequentially. $100 million to $150 million. It came in at $50 million down, so we know we came in stronger. I think we'll have to watch what the year plays out when it comes to mask respirator and see where that lands is. We've also told you -- it does have an impact on us on an incremental margin basis. And coming into the year, we had said it to be down 700 on a year-over-year basis. But to sum it up, Mike, Wale, and his team are focused on continuing to drive margin expansion as all the initiatives that they've taken from productivity, price, restructuring continue to play out; offset that and as stability comes in, you'll start seeing the productivity also starting to kick in from a margin perspective. So, a good start to the year.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So I'll start with your operating leverage question, Brendan. What I've said is, always in the long term, 30% to 40% is what our targeted leverage is, incremental leverage. And when you just think about it and look at our gross margin, which is anywhere between 45% to 50%, you can see you can get to the 30% to 40%. On top of that, what I would tell you, volume gives us the best leverage, so the more we can grow, you're going to get more incremental leverage. Add to that productivity in the factory, strategic sourcing will add more to that leverage and then continued actions to drive simplification, et cetera, all of them drive positive leverage. Then to that, we take some of that and we invest it back into growth, productivity and sustainability and then, of course, manage the litigation matters, et cetera, is ongoing. So when you put all that together, long term 30% to 40% is what is doable. When we came into the guide for the year, we had said its 30% to 40% is our target. We said around 30%. If you look at the midpoint of the range right now, which we have given you, which is 2% to 5% revenue growth, $10.75 to $11.25 on an EPS basis, and you put in FX, which could range anywhere from 1% to 2%, we ended at 2% right now for the first quarter and you assume that carries over, you will see that we are still targeting at the 30%. We are seeing higher inflation as everyone is seeing, but as I've said in my prepared remarks, we are going to offset that inflation, our target to offset that by price actions. We've started strong in the first quarter. You can see incremental leverage was up -- if the math is nearly 70% leverage in the first quarter sequentially and will continue to drive leverage. We, of course, have to factor in all the uncertainty that's going on in the world. But teams committed to driving it and I would say in the long run, also I don't see why we can't get to the 30% to 40%. Hopefully, I answered your question, Brendan, on item one. On your second item on operating cash flow, again, we have reiterated that we are -- and we started the year with 90% to 100% free cash flow conversion. We told you that at Investor Day, we reiterate. We have a path to get to the 90% to 100% free cash flow conversion. The first quarter at a 47% conversion was pretty much what we expected. It was all in the guide in the 90% to the 100%. The first quarter conversion is driven by two pieces. One is higher compensation expenses from a year-over-year basis as we paid out. And secondly is higher investments in sustainability that we had also called out. But if you look at history of 3M, the first quarter is always the lowest from a conversion rates than you build. So, we still see a path to the 90% to the 100%.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So, we do cash flow hedging, Deane, and that's been done even before my time. The team continues to do that as per the rules that are out there. For the first quarter, it was a -- FX was a $0.04 headwind and then on a revenue, it was a 2% headwind. If you just take -- and it's very volatile, it's all due to the strength of the US dollar. But if you just had to snap the chalk line a week ago and say, if that's what the trend is for the future, I would say on a revenue basis, it's somewhere between 1% to 2% impact. And then from an EPS perspective, it's a $0. 05 to $0.10 headwind we've taken $0.04, so then you'll have another $0.01 to $0.06 again, it's very volatile, Dean. So, it's really hard. I'm just giving you a point in time based on just snapping the chalk line a week ago on those currency rates.
Monish Patolawala: So I'll start with just – you take the top line growth at 2% to 5% that we came into the year with, we continue to see that, Nigel, play itself out. If you take GDP IPI, that's growing, give or take, 3% to 4%. And you take auto build rates, which are still at the 5% growth rate. We have told you we can get 300 to 500 basis points of out build in the long term. You saw in this quarter, the team did on a negative 5% order growth rate they came in at plus – were flat. So it's 500 basis points. Health care started slow in January and February, we still see ourselves getting to in US elective procedures, 95% to 100%. You look at OCS or oral care, we are starting to see that back. Again, January was down due to the Omicron variant, but we have seen that back up. And then consumer is – we said low to mid-single digits. That's where they delivered in the first quarter. So that remains as is. So I would say when you look at all of this from a macro perspective for the year as a whole, it's – we still see ourselves in that range of 2% to 5%. And of course, we continue to get more price to offset the inflation. So that's number one. I would say, secondly, we did bring out the second quarter, because we wanted you all to know what we are seeing from a headwinds perspective, I'm sure you're hearing it from all industries, and we are not telling you anything new that you haven't heard from others. And then on EPS, which is $10.75 to $11.25, I go back to volume gives us the best leverage. So the 2% to 5% growth there plus the continued work that the teams are doing to drive productivity in the factories, strategic sourcing, continuing to be smart about investments in the growth productivity and sustainability. All of that put together, we see the calculus that gets us to the $10.75 to the $11.25, and that's what we are working towards. I think things will play out as they will play out in the short run. But again, I go back to long-term growth about macro margin expansion and cash, it's clearly doable and these short-term headwinds will all play itself out.
Mike Roman: Yes, Julian. So, as we've talked in the past, we've had some certain operations shut down at that plant, and we continue to work on -- with local authorities on the updated permits that we have there and continue to work to resolve that. We're a leading provider out of that plant for specialty fluids, including heat transfer fluids that are used in semiconductor, and we're working to address the operational disruptions we have. Zwijndrecht is an important source of supply for those materials to our customers. And so we're working to resolve it there, so we can continue to supply from there. We're also looking to supply from capacity that we have at alternative sites where possible. So it's it was an impact that we saw in Q1. It's something that's built into our outlook. It is something we're working with customers on to address any ongoing disruption for them. So it's something we'll keep updating you on as we mitigate the impacts and we can update you as appropriate going forward.
Mike Roman: Yeah. There is a process we're working through. And so there's some uncertainty there. We've got to resolve the permit issues there. We've got a permit renewal as we go through the year. So this is all something that we're working on. We've been careful to say that we have certain operations that have been interrupted at this time. There's a potential for operations to resume. There's a potential for operation – additional operations to shut down. So we've been careful to lay out the possibilities. What we saw in – in Q1 was part of our results and is an interruption that we're working on with customers.
Mike Roman: Yeah. And Julian, as you recall, we realigned around our businesses back in March of 2019. So we really are managing each of our four go-to-market models globally and executing in the areas. We update you on just how we're performing overall in the areas of the world. And so EMEA down 2% in Q1 really was led by declines in our Consumer and Safety and Industrial businesses. Transportation and Electronics was down slightly. Health care was up actually low single digits in the quarter. So we saw some impact from both, I would say, COVID as well as the supply chain disruptions and the – I would say, the challenges in Ukraine. So it's a – it is an ongoing dynamic that we're watching closely. We saw strong growth in a number of our businesses as we came through the quarter and Monish walked through the outlook on the macro. So certainly, that will have an impact on EMEA. But I would say we're watching it closely as we look at the rest of the year.
Mike Roman: Yes. So Jeff, we still have two combat arms, bellwether cases to go here in May. So those are the next the next two trials on the docket. Beyond that, it's a little less clear what the next cases will be. If you look at PFAS, the other one trial schedules, I would say, have been moving frequently. We we're currently scheduled for two trials this year. We have a June trial in Michigan, and then we have an October trial in Alabama. The Aqueous Film Forming Foam multi-district litigation, the first trial there is not expected until 2023. So that gives you kind of an update.
Mike Roman: Yeah. Sure, Joe. I'll start with what you said it were down low-single digits in the first quarter that was reminder a top of 30% or more than 30% growth in Q1 of last year. We’ve been impacted in Q1 by the COVID lockdowns. It's impacting manufacturing and distribution. And we saw that as we finished the quarter – it's also contributing to, I would say, a soft start to April as well. And it's really driving increasing backlog, factory shutdowns for us, also complying with government safety mandates, you're seeing increased port congestion, reduced air cargo capacity. So a number of things impacting that softer start. I would say it's – the outlook remains uncertain. It's difficult to predict. We see maybe a one percentage point kind of headwind as we start Q2, but that can change as we go through the year. So it's – it's important market we're seeing in Q1, we saw health care leading the way up mid-teens. We saw declines across consumer, safety, industrial and transportation and electronics, all down mid-single digits. So that's what got you to the low single digits.
Mike Roman: Yeah, Andrew, I would say you highlighted a couple of those particular challenges. The supply chain more broadly is impacting all of our businesses. So we're seeing disruptions in raw materials, logistics, inflation all that's impacting broadly our portfolio. Consumer did have organic growth up 3% in Q1 on top of 9% last year. And it was across all divisions. It was led by consumer health and safety also our home care and our home improvement products continue to lead the way. So we're seeing growth. And stacked on top of last year's growth, we're seeing good continued performance, good performance. They're not seeing any specific or particular impact. And if you look across the portfolio, aside from some of the disruptions from Zwijndrecht, we're not seeing supply chain focused in one part of our portfolio and other. It is, I would say, more -- some of the impacts maybe from COVID having a geographic impact. Health care elective procedures still looking for there. And as Monish highlighted, the outlook for the macro in certain end markets is softening. That's less about supply chain disruptions. Maybe automotive and electronics being impacted by semiconductor shortages but its really more end market slowdowns that are impacting our businesses, where you see an impact on something like electronics or automotive.
Mike Roman: Yes, Andrew, our M&A strategy, an important part of capital allocation. We see it as a place we can create value. And the way we create value there is, as you're pointing at, we look at prioritizing attractive markets, higher growth markets that can leverage 3M capabilities, our technology, our manufacturing, our global reach to customers. And so, that really kind of steers us in our strategy for M&A. And when we can identify companies that we can integrate into 3M and really leverage those strengths of 3M, that's -- and move into more attractive, higher-growth market spaces, that's what's going to drive us, whether it's in opportunities around electronics or any one of our four businesses.
Mike Roman: Yeah. Nigel, maybe I'll just try to kind of frame this up a little bit. So there are two parts to what we're managing in Zwijndrecht and I would say, in our manufacturing sites around the world, there's a historical impact of the PFAS chemistries, PFOA-PFOS that we exited and announced the exit almost 20 years ago now and – or exit almost 20 years ago. And then there's ongoing operations. And so we're working on both of those in Zwijndrecht as the charge that we announced in March was to resolve remediation related to that historical PFOA-PFOS manufacturing. And then we're working with the authorities and Flanders around an operating permit going forward. And that's something that we've been doing around the world at our five sites with regulatory authorities and continue to do that. It's – PFAS continues to be a critical PFAS substances. There's more than 4,000 of them. We continue to have some PFAS in our products that is critical to customer needs in health care, electronics, automotive. And so the -- its something we’re managing with those sites, managing with those authorities and something we'll keep you updated on as appropriate as we go forward.
Mike Roman: To wrap up, we had a good start to the year with solid growth, sequential margin expansion and strong cash generation. We are positioned for a successful 2022, and we'll stay focused on taking care of our customers, driving growth and improving our operational performance. Thank you for joining us.
Bruce Jermeland: Yes, Jeff, the other comment I would have is, it does not include potential changes in future reserves, just so that's clear.
Bruce Jermeland: Yes, Andy, this is Bruce. If you look at our press release attachments, we lay out about $600 million in pretax charges estimated for the year. That includes the Zwijndrecht charge that we took in Q1. So, setting that aside, underlying ongoing litigation cost to be about $450 million. From a total EPS impact for the year, we forecast $0.86, which includes $0.26 related to Zwijndrecht charge in Q1. So, yes, the remaining $0.60, we took roughly $0.13 here in Q1.
Bruce Jermeland: Yes. So, when we provided our guidance back in February, encompassed in the $10.15 to $10.65 was a plan of about $0.60 on of costs related to ongoing litigation matters around PFAS, combat arms, and respirator. So -- and then we had an additional $0.26 charge as we announced on March 30th. So that what brings it to a total of $0.86. Relative to cash, Joe, that's difficult to know exactly when that plays out. For example, the $0.26 charge we took here in Q1 will be paid out over time as remediation actions take place. But also, it's important to remember that there is no presumed forecast relative to updates to reserves. So largely, we'll be cash driven, but won't line up 100%.
