William Brown: Thanks Monish. Given the strong operational execution in the first half of the year, we're raising the bottom end of our full year adjusted earnings guidance by $20 to a range of $7 to $7.30 versus $6.80 to $7.30 previously, now up 16% to 21% year-on-year. Full year adjusted operating margins are now expected to be up 225 to 275 basis points. Full year adjusted organic growth remains unchanged at flat to up 2% with expectations for second half organic growth in line with first half performance at the midpoint. While significant macro uncertainty remains, our business segment and market trends are largely playing out as expected. Year-to-date Safety and Industrial organic growth is approximately flat versus a full year expectation of flat to up low single digits. We expect that industrial end markets will remain mixed as channel partners and end customers continue to remain cautious on overall demand trends. On an adjusted basis, transportation and electronics is up nearly 5% organically in the first half versus a full year expectation of up low single digits. Strength in the first half was due in large part to consumer electronics along with automotive. We continue to monitor auto build rates along with consumer electronics demand trends for the back-to-school and holiday season. And finally consumer is down nearly 3% organically through the first half of the year versus a full year expectation of down low single digits. We continue to expect that consumer retail discretionary spending on hardline goods to remain muted in the balance of the year. Before we'd open up to your questions, I would like to take a moment to recognize and thank Monish for all his contributions and impact on 3M over the past four years. While I've only had a short time working with him, he has been a strong partner and has helped me get up to speed on the company, and I've enjoyed working with him. I appreciate everything he has done to navigate through a number of challenges and to make 3M stronger along the way. With that, let's open the call to your questions.
William Brown: So good morning, Jeff, and thanks for the question. So as I mentioned in my remarks, there are two major thrusts here on driving organic growth. One is certainly to spur innovation and driving innovation to turn the top line up, drive organic revenue. And so part of it is, we've got to sort of bottom out on how much we're spending on new product development and start to turn the ship. The first half of this year we launched about 75, 76 new product introductions. This year we'll do probably less than 150. And as I reflect back over the last eight or nine, 10 years, at one point in time we did over 1000. So we've really got to turn that around. It's going to take some time to do that. We continue to invest some of our precious R&D dollars on cost reduction and PFAS exit, stabilizing our supply chain. I made a comment about 80% of our raw materials coming in a source. We've got to qualify other vendors to be able to reduce costs over time. So that's going to take some time. What I'm really working on as well in R&D is ideas for how we can offload non-value add activities from our researchers. It really comes in two, three themes. One is both efficiency as well as effectiveness. I think there's an opportunity to drive effective capacity of our engineering team. I think we have an opportunity to drive velocity through the new product development pipeline. We have an opportunity to think differently and how we govern differently on R&D, where we place our precious dollars so that they can move across the company to the highest ROI investment. So that's what I'm focused on, on R&D. But again, it's going to take a little bit of time. So we've got to sell more of what we have on the market today. That's simply commercial excellence. I'm digging into a number of different factors. We've got a sales force today it's just over 5000 people. We know over the last four or five years it's down about 25%. That's partly because of the export model we've moved to. But we have an opportunity to take a look at our coverage, our incentives, our training around our sales force. I think there are some opportunities there. We distribute to almost 30,000 distributors. I think we have opportunities there. There are probably some opportunities in pricing at a high level. We've done a very good job at the covering inflation and we'll see some incrementally positive pricing this year. But when you get down to a granular level there's some disconnects between pricing and discounts and margins to the volume or size of the customer and we have an opportunity to take a harder look at that. We're looking very hard at advertising and merchandising. It's a lever that's important in our consumer business. We were down quite substantially from where we were before relative to consumer packaged goods type companies, we're down. So we have an opportunity to think differently and very tactically around advertising and merchandising. I think lastly we're looking at cross selling. There are certain examples, certain places where we sell products into a distributor or into a customer, but those customers, they should be buying a different product from us, but they don't. For example, for customers that do surface by surface conditioning products to polish metals and woods, you always use a respirator to do that. You want to look at our customers. There's a bunch that don't buy the respirators from us, so there's an opportunity there. All of those things are levers that we're going to be pulling here in the short-term, Jeff and we'll keep updating analysts and investors as we learn more about how do we really drive the top line, which is so crucial to driving value creation at 3M.
William Brown: So you're right. We've been through and are actually getting through a very substantial restructuring program, about 75% complete. It will drag into 2025. I think the team is executing very well on that. A lot of the things I'm talking about in terms of improving OpEx, they're incremental pay-as-you-go type of opportunities. You almost get the savings as you're covering investment. There are potentially over time some bigger bites. If you think about the complexity of our broader network, a few years out there could be additional restructuring, but can't size it today. Right now, the opportunities that I'm seeing are almost pay-as-you-go. Reducing waste and inefficiency in factories are things you can do and just execute against without substantial charges to get there.
William Brown: Okay, so a couple of good questions, and I'll try to hit on them pretty quickly. You're right, 110 factories, 95 distribution centers. The fact is, if you go back in time, the team here has actually been reducing the number of factories, the number of DCs in our network, and there's some inflight in the restructuring program we have today. Looking forward, we don't think we necessarily need 110. I can't decide what it exactly is and when that cadence might happen, but we're taking a hard look at it. But it's not just factories, it's also cells within factories. When you look at what we have in assets and cells within these factors, we have 250 coating assets that are spread almost through half of our factories. And you have to sit back and ask, as we drive operating equipment efficiency, do we really need all those assets in all those factories, or do we have an opportunity to increase effective capacity. So these are things that we're working on. Peter Gibbons and a team are doing a great job at this. This is going to happen over time. I can't really size how many factors of the restructuring that's required to get there. Relative to margins, the team has done an outstanding job. You can see in the first half of this year, up almost 500 basis points. So the margins have come up quite substantially. We've got more we can do here in terms of just basic blocking and tackling productivity. Volume clearly, as it comes back, volume clearly is going to be a high leverage ratio for us. So where they can go from here, I can't size it today. Certainly, as we get to the balance of the year into 25, we'll give you some more outlook on that. But there's lots of levers here, including driving organic volume.
William Brown: Well, I'm not sure I would say that today, Scott. In fact, as I think about it, it's a big business, a complicated business, a lot of different end markets, different business segments, different ways of going to market. A lot of the stuff that we make goes across all of these factories. So there's a lot of interconnection across the business. But as I've done in my past, I'll do the same thing here, which is take a fresh, hard look at what businesses that we're in. And as Mike said in my prepared remarks, dispassionately do that. Really look hard at what is better owned by us and we'll make some determinations over time on that. At the same time as we think about the kind of business that we want to be in over time, are there assets that aren't owned by 3M that are better owned here? And we'll take a hard look at that piece there as well. So I wouldn't draw any specific conclusion from my remarks other than we're going to take a hard look at it. And if we determine that something is better owned elsewhere, then we'll move forward in that. It's all about value creation for owners.
William Brown: Look, I'll just say it's not about fail or success or right or wrong. I come in with a different set of experiences, different background, fresh look at the way we do business from the things that I've done in the past. I think the team here has done a marvelous job in managing through a lot of complex situations. I was a CEO of a company through COVID, and what we dealt with is well short of the challenges that 3M has faced, and you bring on top of that, a lot of the liabilities that Mike and the team have managed through, the structural changes. There's been an enormous transformation effort. And as I said, they launched the restructuring program. We're 75% complete. It's gone very, very well and you can see that in the margins. That's gone very well. I come in, I just look at it the way it is today with sort of looking at the cold hard facts, and it's a back to basics focus on the fundamentals approach does sound "basic", but at the end of the day, I do think that there's a lot of value that can be created from the raw materials that we have here. Just focusing on just how do you turn the business to top-line growth through the things that I've talked about, commercial excellence, driving growth from R&D, and driving a real culture of operational excellence through the company, and move at these things with speed and with urgency. I've been in situations like this before. It's easy to fall into a trap of this is the way things have been done. And as I said in my remarks, I'm encouraging people to challenge the way we've done things in the past every single day. That's what continuous improvement is really all about, and that's what I'm encouraging people to do. So I'm looking from here forward and I see a great opportunity for value creation.
William Brown: So a couple of good questions. I mean first, we do expect that we have some capacity in the back half to incrementally invest in the business. I think Monish and Mike have talked about this in our guidance model. We still see some opportunities to incrementally invest. We'll talk more about where that might be in the back half. But we always said with the savings that we're generating from restructuring, some of that savings would be reinvested back in the business. That's been the case so far and we see some additional opportunities in the back half of the year. My comments around sales force, my comments around advertising, merchandising, at least a couple of different items. I can't say much about R&D today. I want to look harder at how do we free up capacity of the investment we make already today, and can that be more streamlined and redeployed effectively on top line growth? And that's really a big focus of mine. In terms of entitlement growth, certainly we should be growing better than we have and we were guiding 0% to 2% midpoint of 1%. We know there's 1% headwind because of exiting certain geographies and parts of our portfolio, but still on an adjusted basis, 1% to 3% organic. It probably should be a bit more than that. GDP is in the 2.5% range. IPI we think this year is around 1.7%, 1.8% or thereabouts. We should be growing at least at the level of the economy, if not perhaps slightly better. But more comments as we get towards the back end of the year and into 2025, give you some longer term outlook for where the company might go.
William Brown: So, yes, let me offer a couple of comments here and I'll ask Monish to maybe fill in a little bit of the blanks on the quarterly progression. But you're right in terms of the cadence here. We do expect revenue to be very similar in the second half to the first half, and that does reflect historical trends. We continue to see strong operational execution and spending discipline just like we saw in the first half. We'll see some tailwinds from the benefit of lower restructuring cost, which is now 60/40 first half, second half. Last time it was 70/30. So some has shifted to the back half, but you do see a bit of a step down. And we do see reimbursement of transition services agreement with Solventum, which began in April, but at the same time we have higher wages in the back half of the year. We have two full quarters with a wage increase. Our wages went out on April 1, so not in first quarter but in the second, so that's a bit of headwind. That's offset by some lower stock comp. As you know, we made our grants here in the second quarter. We do see some headwinds in our factories. We built inventory through the second quarter that caused some positive absorption. We'll see inventory coming down in the back half of the year. That's going to cause some negative absorption or some headwinds there and then some higher non-operating expenses driven by pension and higher interest costs. We had a lot of cash balance here in the second quarter. Cash went out the door in July for some legal payments, legal settlements. So our interest costs, interest expense is going to go up. Our interest income will come down in the back half of the year. And then of course, as I mentioned before, we do see some step up in some investments we have in the back half of the year. So those are the biggest drivers. A little bit of tax geography, but those are the biggest drivers. Maybe I'll ask Monish to comment on Q3, Q4 cadence.
William Brown: Well, thanks for the question. Look, first of all, we've got a great team of advisors, legal inside and outside that are managing PFAS and other liabilities. When I step back and look at just where we've been, the Public Water Supply settlement was a great step, important first step, really in managing some of the risks. But there's more to be done. We're continuing to manage litigation from some of the opt outs, other cases within the MDL [ph], there's Europe that's sort of hanging out there. We continue to control in that area. We've got very exhaustive disclosures in the Q and the K and again we have a great team that are really focused on managing that. Where I think I'm best putting my time are the things that drive value creation for our owners and that's driving the top-line and driving operational excellence in the business. We do generate great cash flow. We see it in the quarter. We saw the first half, 90% to 110% free cash flow conversion for the year. I've got ideas on how we can drive that further over time. We're at 0.3 leverage ratio. So when I step back, I think we actually have a very strong balance sheet. We can manage appropriately the risks that we see in front of us. And even through that, we have options here to do things with our balance sheet. So, I'm focusing on the things we can control and really getting the team pivoted back to what do we do to drive growth and operational excellence.
William Brown: I can't really comment on what the market may or may not be missing on that, Steve. What I'm focusing on the things that we control. I read the Q very, very thoroughly, like all of our investors do. It takes a long time to get through it. I think we've done it. We do a great job at the disclosure there. But again, we've got a great team that's managing this. It's a dynamic situation and I trust what they're doing. I'm involved in that. Mike has been very helpful. He has a lot of expertise in this area because of the time he had to spend on it. I'm relying on him here as well. And again, I think where my time is best placed is what do we do to drive the other 64,000 of the 65,000 employees? What are they going to do to drive value creation? We've got a lot of people focused on PFAS. We have to get people focused back on the core things and what makes 3M great.
William Brown: Well, thank you. You're right. I was very purposeful in the four top priorities for capital deployment and number four was around excess cash for repos, or M&A. There's just not M&A on the horizon. So you saw a step into the market in the second quarter. That was under Mike and Monish's leadership, $400 million worth of buyback. We do have capacity. Our balance sheet looks very strong. We have an open authorization with our Board that's close to $4 billion. We keep evaluating this as we sort of manage the risks that happen to be out there, our ability to generate cash, drive down working capital in the back half. And through all those levers, we'll look hard as to what we do with excess cash in the back half as well as into next year. Nothing more to say about that today.
William Brown: No. Good question. I mean, I do think, I do hope that we're bouncing along the bottom. It all depends on what happens here in the back half in the U.S. certainly and what the Fed does with interest rates and what's going on with inflation. There are a lot of geopolitical questions around the world. So I'm optimistic that the market is going to start to recover. But again, I don't have a crystal ball, like nobody on the call really does. So at the end of the day, I step back and I look at what do we do with the assets that we have. And I think about the long history that 3M has in core innovation, new to the world ideas. And I think as we reground ourselves back on that long-term mission, that culture, that spirit of innovation and we reignite that across the thousands of employees in this company that drive it every single day. To me, that's what I'm focused on. That's what I can control. There are lots of great markets out there. There are lots of different pockets of places where we can invest in to innovate, to penetrate, to grow, to differentiate offerings versus our competitors. So that's what I'm focusing my time on. The economy is going to do what it's going to do. I'm just watching where the trends happen to be and investing in places where we think we can drive some differentiation and grow higher than the market. So long answer to your question, but that's the way I think about it.
William Brown: That's a very, very good question. From what I can tell last year, we had pretty significant price increases and we did cover inflation. This year in our sort of 1% center point of our 0 to 2 guidance, we have positive price within that. So we continue to see pricing. It's certainly lower than on a year-over-year basis than it was last year. So on a macro basis, our ability to price has been pretty good with capturing back inflation. But what I'm looking at is the more details around how we price by customer, by segment, by product, not just gross price, but net price. So discounts, market development funds, all of those things between gross and net price. And is there an opportunity at the real micro level to price better? My instinct is that there is an opportunity here and this is an area that I'm going to focus a lot of time and attention on that. Sometimes it's training, sometimes it is systems, sometimes it is data visibility. But there's an opportunity on a much more granular level. Take a look at how we price, and I'll know more in the next number of months and couple of quarters as we go through the analysis. But I do believe we'll find some opportunities do better job on pricing there. The other point you had mentioned about new product development, you're exactly right. Which is as we innovate and develop differentiating features, we should be able to get better margin and better pricing on those new products that are coming out. So as we reinvigorate the NPI engine, which I expect to do, hopefully that does drive price improvement, margin improvement, over time as well.
William Brown: So good question and look, 90 days in the job, I'm trying to learn the business, learn, meet the team, understand what's going on in the business. So there's a lot that's happening right now and I'm really focused there. I'm not to the point of any particular occlusions, I'm not necessarily near that. But it is something that's on our mind. We're going to look hard at. The teams are looking at this as well, is how are we growing in each segment versus competitors. What's the earnings growth outlook? Are we able to expand margins or not? What does our NPI pipeline look like? And based on who we compete against, do we have an opportunity through better execution, through better operations, through new products coming down the path, to improve our positioning in certain segments. At the end of the day, we're an innovation driven company. Technology differentiation is the lifeblood of how we compete. So I'll be looking hard at businesses where we can bring technology differentiation into the business and provide value to customers that's different than our competitors. And I contrast that with commodity like businesses that perhaps don't really fit so well. So, no specific lens other than that, but we'll take a hard look at this and make some conclusions in the coming quarters next year as we get our arms around what's the business we should be in and also which businesses that we ought to be looking at outside the company.
William Brown: Oh, thank you. Yes, this is a -- it’s a complicated problem. It’s a lot of products, a lot of SKUs across a lot of factories and distribution points. If you look at this on a global basis, you map all the DCs and all the flows, all the factories, it's a spider's nest. I mean, it's a lot going on here. And we do have a great team in operations that are looking hard at this. We have outside advisors that have been involved and this will take some time. It's not a quarter, two quarters away. We'll continue to take a hard look at optimizing the networks and the flows. So, we have the right people at the top level and I do think that we've got the right incentive structures around this as well and motivations for the team.
William Brown: Look, I think employees here are excited. They're engaged. They want to make a difference. They want to see 3M grow. They want to see share price come up. They want to see recognition for doing great things in the world and then developing new products. That's the message I'm providing to you today. That's the message I'm offering to our employees. My priorities as I have explained to you, is what I've explained in some more detail with employees in town halls. So I think it's resonating well. I think hopefully it's energizing people, but again, we've got a lot of strong people here who have been here for a while, that really want to make a difference and I'm appealing to that. So I think the response has been good so far, again 90 days in.
William Brown: No, it's a great question. I mean, look, these are all important priorities and I do think we can both try to drive growth through the mechanisms that I mentioned, as well as operational excellence. I think it's fundamental. I've been through this before. It's my first rodeo on these things. I can see a path to getting this work done. We have a great team of employees here. We have engaged outside advisors to help us across these different pieces and focus in some of these dimensions. Yes, it's a busy start, but I think we have the right team to deliver it. I think we have the right focus and priorities. We're going to have to manage it and manage the capacity of the team to respond to all these pieces, but yes, I'm optimistic. I think we'll look at these pieces individually as we go forward. I've laid out a pretty full laundry list of things we want to do, but we'll prioritize these things as we get towards the back end of the year. But at the end of the day, we're not going to be able to invest to grow unless we drive operational excellence. And I would say operational excellence is in fact a growth driver. When you're running, you are on time and out of your factories at mid-80s, 86 and change percent was our second quarter results. We should be above 90%. The fact is, when you're below 90, we're missing sales. So by getting our operations to run better, that is a growth lever. As we drive productivity in our factories and create savings there, that we can reinvest in growth initiatives, that's a growth lever. So I think you've got to do both of these two pieces at the same time and work the pedals and that's what I plan to do.
William Brown: So thank you for the question. Look, China for us is about 10% of our revenue. We had a good first half. We're up about 13% in the first half and part of that is electronics. When you look at the piece that's sort of local for local, if you will, it's about 1% so flattish and pretty similar to what other multinational, maybe even a little better than what a lot of other multinationals are seeing in China. Again, it's about 10% of our business, an important market, and we've seen good growth in the front half of the year simply because of the consumer electronics and auto builds.
William Brown: Okay. Well thank you, everybody, for joining and participating today and for the thoughtful questions. I want, again, thank all 3Mer’s around the world for their hard work and their dedication and I want to wish Monish well in his future endeavors. So thanks again for joining the call and I wish everybody a good day. Thank you.
