Mike Roman: So Scott, I would start with the model for returning growth in 2020 is based on that broader macro, that outlook for the broader macro. It also is looking at some of those key markets that we talked about that were challenges for us in 2019. China, for example, one of the challenges in 2019. We see that in our model for 2020 returning to low-to-mid single-digit growth for the total year. In both cases, I would say, we see growth strengthening as we move through the year. So Q1, positive growth for the overall enterprise in the middle range – middle of the overall guidance of the range, maybe a little slightly lower end of the guidance of the range. And China, in particular, before we got to the last couple of weeks with the coronavirus really becoming the focus, we were looking at a sluggish start to China in first quarter really based on automotive, and the build rate's expected to be down mid-single digits and maybe even high-single digits. And so it's – that was kind of our pacing. Now coronavirus, it's kind of changing things as we go and we're seeing what you're seeing. We're seeing increased demand for our respiratory protection products, and we're ramping up our production worldwide, in China, around the world to meet that demand. At the same time, we're seeing what everybody else is seeing, that there's – the businesses are shutting down, extending their shutdown beyond Lunar New Year. So, we're really watching day to day what that's going to mean for our outlook for China, but I'll give you kind of the frame we had and then how we're kind of looking at it as we see the updates day by day.
Mike Roman: Yes. So maybe I'll take the charge first, Nigel. So, we played out in the prepared remarks that there are two aspects to the charge. One is our ongoing commitment to resolve the issues where we manufacture and dispose the PFAS. The other part of the charge is related to really ongoing negotiations with customers. As part of our commitment is to do our part to help customers address the PFAS issues they face, and we've got our negotiations and mediation as far enough along that we can identify what's probable and estimable around a group of customers. It's multiple customers. It does account for the Wolverine cases that we've been – we've talked about in the past, but it's multiple customers, and really the next step of what we can understand is probable and estimable. So then in working with – one of the commitments we did make in last fall is to work in support of the EPA as we move forward with their regulatory plan around PFAS. They've got a – they've laid out a plan to move forward. We are working to support that with our investment in research and understanding – helping the understanding of PFAS, providing our data and really doing things like helping to provide a clearinghouse for all of the information and data around PFAS. And so, we continue to be working in support of the EPA in our work on our resolving, our manufacturing disposal sites, and then also on moving the regulatory standards forward.
Mike Roman: Yes. And Joe, what I laid out is really the next phase of our transformation journey, and it's taking advantage of everything that we've done, deploying the ERP, the ecosystem around it, the service models that we put in place, the capabilities, the technical capabilities to really manage our business, digitize a lot of what we do to manage our operations and our business processes. And so it became clear that we could take full advantage of that with how we operate our businesses globally. And last spring, we announced moving from five to four businesses. At the time, it was – it looked like a realignment of the company, but where does it go? And this is really the next part of the story. We aligned around our customers and our go-to-market models. And with the launch in the new year of the new model, we are going to operate globally around those go-to-market models. And that includes how we operate our businesses everywhere around the world. It includes taking advantage of the capabilities we put in place with business transformation, and then It also includes this really consolidation of our manufacturing, supply chain and customer operations end-to-end to really optimize for those go-to-market models. So it's a significant change in really how we align the customers, how we bring our innovation to market, how we streamline and simplify 3M around the world. It is taking advantage of business transformation, but it's really transformation, but it's really multiplying that impact as we move ahead.
Mike Roman: Yes. If you look at 2020 David, Health Care is going to be a leader for growth for us and that is really on some of the strengths that we saw coming out of 2019. We see continued strength in health information systems and with the M*Modal addition being part of that in our food-safety business. Our medical solutions business, we see that benefiting from the strong market – outlook for market growth in Health Care. And so we see, and I would say, continued strength in developing markets helping to lead that growth forward. So it's some of the areas that we saw strengths in 2019 and then some of the things that we've been able to build upon with our acquisitions and leverage even stronger positions against a good macroeconomic outlook.
Mike Roman: Yes, Deane. We – what I framed it up is this is part of our transformation journey. And if you look back, even back to the Investor Day in November of 2018, we laid out a plan for margin improvement over the coming years, and a big part of that was from transformation. So there was a plan by us to really keep moving forward in this. This announcement today is the next phase of that plan to move forward with an alignment around those four go-to-market models, our customers, better leverage all the business transformation investments we put in place. And we are optimizing as we go. We're building on the capabilities we've put in place. You saw that in 2019 start to come through our EMEA and Canada results in terms of margins and service and inventory management improving there. We – it was part of getting on top of inventory in North America, too, as we deployed the new capabilities. And so I wouldn't call it a – I wouldn't think of it as a one-step in the middle of this. It's part of our transformation journey. And so we'll continue to optimize off of this. This is – enables – the charge that we took in Q4 enables us to move quickly to the alignment, get the full benefit of it as we go forward. It's really, we think, going to be an important part of what positions us to deliver growth and better efficiency as we go through 2020 and beyond.
Mike Roman: John, the return to growth of zero to 2% that is really reflecting both the macro and then I think a closer look at the markets that we've been challenged within 2019. So electronics, automotive, China. And in 2019, as you noted, there was an impact from channel reactions. As they saw the decline in those markets, they reacted, took out inventory. So part of the year-over-year, in those markets, comparison is going to be a more stable channel. We do see more balanced inventory in those channels. I would say electronics; we're seeing the early signs of maybe some encouraging outlook in areas like semiconductor, fabrication and data centers. In automotive, the outlook for the year is still negative build rates. Slightly negative, I think, is the broader economic view. We're a little more conservative than that in a slower start to the year. But again, I would say our view is – also has that idea of balanced inventory in the face of those outlooks.
Mike Roman: Well, Andy, I would say, as I highlighted in my speech, we have been focused with our portfolio actions on Health Care. As you mentioned, drug delivery and the plan to divest that, adding Acelity, adding M*Modal into our health information systems. And if you go back to Q4, the growth – organic growth in Q4 was positive across most of the portfolio. It was led by mid-single-digit growth in health information systems and food safety. Medical solutions was up slightly in the quarter. Oral care declined in the low single digits. And so that was maybe the focus of the softer growth in Q4. We did see strong growth geographically in areas like China and other parts of the world. So that's kind of what we carry into 2020. And we see medical solutions improving. The market outlook there is strong, and our position is strong. We see health information, food safety continuing. We see separation and purification getting a little better. And so we – all of that together positions us in a stronger growth for the outlook for the total year.
Mike Roman: Josh, I think you laid it out. The way we looked at that low growth macroeconomic especially in industrial, industrial production index kind of view of that it was getting better as we went through the year. That's the way we built our outlook for the year, our plan. I would say the biggest change since that has been what's going on in China. And it's – that will be the – have the biggest impact on how the first quarter plays out and then how we move further into the year. So I think that's the most important thing to be watching out.
Mike Roman: To wrap up. In the fourth quarter, we leveraged the strengths of the 3M business model to navigate market conditions while delivering strong cash flow and solid margins. We also continue to make significant progress on our transformation journey with the rollout of our new operating model. We enter 2020 in a strong strategic and financial position poised to return to growth and deliver value for our customers and shareholders. Thank you for joining us.
Nick Gangestad: So Scott, this is Nick. We – Acelity is, of course, incorporated in the guidance that we're giving there. Throughout the year, most of its growth will be coming through what we report for acquisitions versus organic growth, but when we compare it to the underlying growth that was a revenue that was there before we acquired it, we see its growth as accretive to the overall 3M growth rate that we're projecting.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Nigel, we’re not – as we ended 2019, we had debt-to-EBITDA ratio of roughly – just a little over 2.5 times. We see that coming down probably about 50 basis points to be two or just slightly over two times debt to EBITDA, so that's part of our overall capital structure planning in 2020.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Joe, let me take that one. First of all from – to the second part of your question, Transportation and Electronics, for the year we've guided that negative 2% to positive 2% organic growth. Our view right now, as we see all four quarters in that range. Right now, and just to go a little off track, the Safety and Industrial business is the only one that we see a potential that that one would be below its range in the first quarter and then in the next three quarters within the range that we've guided. As far as leverage that we expect in Transportation and Electronics, this is one of the businesses where as we see us returning to growth in that, that this would be accretive and would be adding to our leverage that we see that. A specific percentage, we typically don't put out, but it would be beneficial and we'd see the margins, the accretive margins there very similar to what we see for the total company, that as we rebuild the revenue there that we would be seeing that maybe an extra 10% going to increasing the margin as that – as the revenue improves there.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. The gross margins and our overall margins, but a part of – a big part of it will be our – through our gross margin improvement. We see overall operating margins improving 50 basis points to 100 basis points in 2020. And in the first quarter, we expect them to be roughly flat prior to the impact of Acelity. Acelity, we again – we – because that was not part of our base in the first quarter, we expect that will be a negative impact to our total company margins of about 100 basis points in the first quarter, and will impact Health Care's margins by 400 basis points to 500 basis points in the first quarter. But the underlying margins in first quarter, excluding that we see roughly flat and then some expansion, because our primary inventory reductions that we were executing were occurring in the second, third and fourth quarter. And as we move into that that range then we – that's when we expect to be seen margin expansion, particularly gross margin expansion in 2020.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, John, there's two precise things in there, which is why it's not a range. About one-third of that is from gains we took in 2019 on disposal of certain properties, certain assets we had, that I talked about during our third quarter earnings call. The other two-thirds of that, John, is coming from variable compensation. With our results that were delivering – delivered in 2019, our variable comp is below our planned variable comp level. And we've built our plan for 2020 that we would be returning to planned variable comp. And that's why we're calling that out as a 2019 headwind.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. So in 2020, if we start to see our compensation being different than that, then our normal practice would be that becomes part of productivity. So if we are paying more than our planned variable comp that would become a headwind to our productivity that we're projecting in 2020.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. John thanks for asking that question. And there are several moving parts in there. First, let me talk to the margin, and then I'll talk to the growth. 2019 was a very good year of progress for us with our operating income margins again expanding in Europe to approximately 19%, very much along the trajectory that we were projecting that we would be on to be moving this to a 20% operating income margin by 2020. As part of that, we've been taking a number of action over the last few years. Some of them had been footprint actions, and we are starting to see some of that benefit manifest in our 2019 results going forward into 2020. Also, there's been some portfolio adjustments, where there are certain product lines where we've been going through and prioritizing and deciding either to exit or to de-prioritize and de-resource. And as we look at our organic growth in 2019 as well as, in particular, you're asking about fourth quarter of 2019, that's been impacted, impacted by 50 basis points to 100 basis points of organic growth by some of our – what we have planned and done from a portfolio standpoint as part of our move to shift our portfolio in Europe. Much of the rest has been macro of what we're seeing. Plus, a little bit right now what we're seeing in the fourth quarter is a comparison that we're going against fourth quarter last year in Europe. This was very much in the range we're expecting. But macro, we're continuing to see auto builds down in Europe, and that does impact our overall EMEA results.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. We see ourselves very much in-line to be hitting that. Could be a little ahead, but I wouldn't get too far ahead on that. We see ourselves right in line to be hitting that.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Deane, that really is a function of this. As we move to streamline the – our operations there, not all of it is happening right away. There's parts of it that phase in over the course of the year, and that's why it's only having a $40 million to $50 million impact. Some of it, a minority position, part of that will come in the first half of the year. The vast majority of that $40 million to $50 million comes in the second half of the year.
Nick Gangestad: John, the price growth – first of all, let me expand it to the full year for U.S. price growth. With that 1.7%, that brings our full year price growth to 80 basis points. John, I think that's the more helpful number for you to look at and focus on. Often in a quarter-to-quarter basis, there's going to be what is it comparing to in the quarter in the prior year. So I won't overreact to the 1.7%. Our view is the 80 basis points that we did in the U.S. in total 2019, that's indicative of what we're doing. And to the first premise of your question, what we overall see in price growth is a function of the value we are creating. It's the innovation we have in our products and continuing to update the product lines and the products that we offer there. And that is a big driver of that. But I won't focus on the 1.7%. I'd focus more on the full year, the 80 basis points.
Nick Gangestad: Andy, I just want to make sure you asked, where the potential for other property sales and if that's what you said, no, we're not anticipating anything of any material magnitude on gains or losses from property sales in 2020. In terms of the range that we have for productivity between zero and 25% – $0.25, that's might be a little wider than normal. And I think it does reflect as we're coming off a year where our margins were declining as we were having noticeable drops in inventory as well as we're going through the transformation and the restructuring charges we've called out and isolated the restructuring charges, but that's also a driver of our productivity and we're isolating that, and just the interplay of that adds a little more complexity for that. And we see the zero to $0.25 is like our best estimate right now. And of course we're going to be striving to be on the higher end of that, but it's where we are building our plans right now.
Nick Gangestad: Josh a couple of things. First of all, as would typically be the expectation if our growth is on the lower end of our range, I think that puts a little pressure to us on the lower end of the productivity range that we've laid out here, and included in that productivity range there's positive things that we're doing such as where we're seeing where the utilization of our factories in comparison to 2019. But it's also – we're also facing into as we do every year wage inflation so offsetting wage inflation is part of that. We also have other things that are impacted in there. For example, what we've called out under other and other pension expense that hits the non-offline is being flat year-on-year. Included in our productivity there is a between $0.06 and $0.07 headwind for increased pension expenses, that's part of that productivity number. So there is a negative headwind – there is headwinds we're facing and there as we face a zero to 25%.
Nick Gangestad: Julian, several questions all at once. So first of all, on the $370 million of inventory reduction, our estimate that that's negatively impacted our operating margins or our gross margins in 2019 by 50 basis points to 100 basis points. That's true both for the fourth quarter and also true for the full year about 50 basis points to 100 basis points. And we see that flipping to be part – that's part of our guidance of the margin improvement in 2020 is having that headwind behind us. As far as channel inventories, there's always some puts and takes. I'd say we're seeing nothing abnormal right now with channel inventories. We have, of course as we've said throughout the year we've seen some reductions in our inventory – channel held inventories, but right now, I'd characterize it is fairly normal where we stand with inventories. And then we – in 2020 we do anticipate that we will bring down inventories a bit more, nothing on the magnitude of the $370 million that we did in 2019, but we expect we will be – we'll continue our progress of taking down our inventories slightly in 2020. As far as the guidance we had given prior of $500 million. We see the progress that we made in 2019 as most of that reduction getting us back to where we were when we first said that and some of that starting to make progress on that $500 million. We still see opportunities in the coming years for us to operate our supply chain even more efficiently and gather even more of that $500 million inventory reduction through our cash flow in the coming years. We've made some progress in 2019, we'll make more in 2020 and we'll make more in 2021.
