Inge Thulin: Well, good morning, Joe. Well, first of all, it was a little bit – the slowest business for us in the quarter, but not much of a surprise if you go back and think about our Investor Day when we talked about it in terms of what we expected for the first quarter. Now the electronic part was down 18%, which was I would say is all based on a weaker near-term demand in terms of consumer electronics. So, from that perspective not a surprise for us, but I think as we look out for the next quarter, we have to expect in the second quarter mid to high single growth down. And I think for the year, low to mid single. So, I think that’s how you have to think about the business group. And I will say that in terms of the portfolio, this is a very, very good business for us, because we have all the components in order for us to be competitive in this marketplace and we have worked on that business in order to be more relevant now for 4 years. And as you can see, here in this quarter, we take some more actions in order to line up our business model versus what is required in that business. So, I will say, first of all, all businesses, portfolio management is an ongoing process. We look upon that the whole time. But the fundamentals for us to be in this business is very, very good and very, very strong is just that we have to adjust as we go and on the fly and I think that’s what we are doing here again, right. But for me and for us, it’s more a near-term weaker demand in consumer electronics as we speak.
Inge Thulin: Well, first of all, you are correct relative to the performance of Health Care over many, many years, right. This is a very good business for us and very solid fundamentals. And I think it’s very much based on the value creation for both the providers and the patient in that market. We will – you saw this quarter again very solid organic local currency growth, margin expansion, and is broad-based. It’s both in developed and developing markets and you have seen all businesses. And we will now continue to accelerate that investment as we move ahead. So, it’s not only health information systems that we decided to keep in our portfolio investing is we will invest in all the businesses. And as I laid out, it is around research and development, it’s about health economics, and it’s about commercialization capabilities. Those three things in the combination is very, very powerful for us. And think about it as well in terms of developed versus developing. Our position is very strong in the developed world and we continue to take market share and we penetrate even deeper there. In developing, the field starts to open up for us, because key opinion leaders are recommending our protocols, including our products around the world. So, we have a very strong position there. And you can think about this in terms of our fastest growing business with the highest margin and we are pleased with the margins, but we are not – we will accelerate the investment there to get growth up even further.
Inge Thulin: Yes, the comment on China, we saw again both Consumer and Health Care with very solid growth in China in this quarter. So, that’s again a good indication relative to what is happening in those markets as they are type of expanding their businesses specifically in China. They are not shifting, but they are expanding into more domestic driven businesses. And we saw terrific growth, both in consumer and Health Care in China.
Inge Thulin: I don’t think since we met at Investor Day that there being any big changes in the marketplaces. With maybe one slight exception which is Europe, Middle East, Africa. I think that’s, honestly was a little bit of surprise that we saw slightly better growth there than we had expected. I think that’s the change that from a material perspective, if you like, that have changed. That on the positive side, because I think we have to look for positive sides within Latin America, we had – we continue very good growth in Mexico, but we were positive in Brazil as well. So I think Brazil then by definition is one country. I think that’s something that we could see changing. But more than that, I don’t see any change. Central Europe, East Europe is doing well. West Europe was actually, as I have said a slight surprise. Nothing changed in Asia, nothing changed for us in the United States either. So I think it was very solid and no absolute downs in terms of, I think specifically that was negative that came after as I see it, there were some slight positives, if you like.
Inge Thulin: Yes, we do. I think that we look upon our total portfolio, right. As I said earlier, this change we see is the weaker near-term demand in consumer electronics and maybe that it will persist a little bit longer than we thought. So, if you take that as a given that is the change, I would say, but we see in Industrial that, that model is still working for us and we are sticking to the plan as we go for the year. And three of that are businesses will compensate for what I will say a delay of the growth rate coming in the second part for electronics part of our business. So, there is no change down. I don’t see that change coming either to be honest. I have not seen that as of yet. I see there is a slight strength, actually, coming both for Safety and Graphics, Consumer and Health Care and Industrial stay very much as we laid out as we met the last time and then it looked like that there will be a little bit longer persistent in the consumer electronic part as we thought just 2 months ago also.
Inge Thulin: Yes. No, we saw a pickup in personal safety. So, I think you have to look upon it in a couple of ways. First of all, if you think about your position in the market, when you add an acquisition like Capital Safety, you will strengthen your position big time in that whole personal safety space. So, I will say that in my view this is only the beginning of something big that will come for us, because our relevance in that whole personal safety segmentation has increased very, very much. And so I will say there is clear evidence for us that we moved our positions forward and that – so it’s not based on easier comp only. That was an easier comp. But we can also see we start to take better positions both for respirators and now for protection.
Inge Thulin: Market share, yes, market share, but you have also to look upon it in terms of segmentation that you expand with Capital Safety and as you expand for 3M, expand with Capital Safety, some – of course, all of our other product portfolios is going with that. So, we are becoming much stronger in that position totally. That business there in Safety and Graphics that is doing very, very well for us is Commercial Solutions that again showed 4% organic local currency growth and have now for many, many quarters, really, really performed well for us.
Inge Thulin: Well, first of all, when we say we will accelerate our investments in terms of both R&D, hence economics and commercialization. That is when we move forward. Our intent on the company level in order to accelerate investment in R&D is happening, right. The 5.5% we are close to 6% at this point in time. So we are moving forward. And we are moving forward in all groups we say. So the answer is yes and acceleration will happen in Health Care specifically.
Inge Thulin: Yes. I think both are strengthening their positions. And the way we should think about this is in terms of the acceleration of growth, by definition will go faster in Health Care than in consumer. And the reason for that is everything you have to do around brand equity in consumer take a little bit longer time. So when you compare the two of them, we will see a faster acceleration for Health Care versus consumer. But both of them are growing very, very well. And I would not say that in terms of outcome, yes, we see both of them coming stronger now than versus a year ago. But we have been on this for quite some time. And it’s often realization of change of brand equity position for consumer. And then it’s a question about money availability for Health Care. So our solutions are very advanced and is very much driven based on health economics. And as countries get bigger budget and can spend more into Health Care, they are shifting from less advanced solution to solutions like 3M can provide. So that’s what we believe, that both Health Care and consumer has great future for us in that part of the world. And as you look upon our mix, those are also two of our businesses that mix in the portfolio, that we have less penetration and less sales in developing versus developed market for those two businesses. So the future look good, it’s up to us now to execute and do that as fast as possible.
Inge Thulin: It looks good. All business groups have a good pipeline. We are constantly looking into that. I would say that when you think about what we have done the last year that you saw we did fewer, but more sizable versus the past and very strategically relative to our portfolio, that is what you should expect from 3M going forward.
Inge Thulin: Well, let’s start with the first question. In a way, they are maybe related, right. So, you are talking about research and development, investment into that business and so forth. The advantage in that business is if you think about the Electronics, very much of that is spec-ins right. So, we work direct with our customers in order to make sure we find solutions for them. That’s actually a very powerful model if you think about it. So, we have two processes in the company, one called Idea 2 Innovation, i2i, which is more for consumables and then you have customer inspired innovation, which is a model where you work direct with one specific customer. So, if that is in aerospace, that is in automotive, if that’s consumer electronics or wherever that it is right into one specific customer. The strengths of that model is that you know exactly the outcome of that model. You don’t work on something that is broad-based from a market perspective that eventually will take place. You know it will take place in this customer inspired innovation. And if you don’t come to a solution, you kill it very early. So, I am very confident in that model and that is why that is a very good business from 3M, because we can provide through our technology platforms multiple solutions that will generate better and more competitive products for our customers. So, the answer to that is very confident in the research and development into that model. And we can adjust of course based on what they are requiring. So, that’s an important element on the Electronic side. On the Energy side, it’s a model that we are using in the normal industrial production or in consumer, etcetera, where you have a bigger market space that you need to serve and when you get the input from customer panels, etcetera. So, the business is always built on research and development and that is the heartbeat of 3M. That is also why we are able to generate very good returns to our investors, because we are not commoditized. We don’t work with those customers in order to replace something that is already in their devices today. We try to move it to the next level together with them. That is the power of it.
Inge Thulin: To wrap up, we had a strong start to the year highlighted by good earnings, margins and cash flow. Going forward, we will continue to execute the 3M playbook to drive efficient growth and create even greater value for customers and shareholders. Thank you for joining us and we look forward to talking to you very soon. Have a great day.
Nick Gangestad: Julian, good morning. For both China and in U.S. and in Europe, as the quarter went on, we saw no discernible change in the trends. It was a pretty consistent performance throughout the quarter.
Nick Gangestad: Julian, first on the price front, we haven’t seen any change in the trajectory on pricing. It’s been pretty flat as it was last year and into this year. No real changes on the pricing, selling price environment that we are seeing on the electronics side. In regards to portfolio movement actions, as I said on the energy side, we took a portfolio action within our renewable energy business in the fourth quarter, which is having a negative impact on our first quarter organic growth. That negative impact will continue throughout all four quarters of 2016 and it’s incorporated into our guidance for the total business and the company.
Nick Gangestad: Good morning, Steve. For the first quarter the combination of price raw material, that benefited our margin by 110 basis points. The vast majority of that coming from lower raw material prices. And on the raw materials side, we are continuing to expect our tailwinds, driven by lower commodity prices and with a heavier weighting to the first half of the year than the second half. Regarding selling prices, we have traditionally been able to achieve about 30 basis points of underlying price growth when we strip out FX. We continue to see that as our capability and we project that we will be at that type of core price growth in our company for the year. If I look at the price growth that we had in the first quarter of 90 basis points, all of that came in our international operations and the majority of that 90 basis points was in response to our pricing actions in response to FX movements, the majority of that 90 basis points coming from FX reaction.
Nick Gangestad: On an organic basis, well first of all, I will just level set the facts here that what they are adding to 3M’s total growth, our total acquisitions before divestitures added 2.1% to 3M’s growth and our divestitures reduced 3M’s revenue by 50 basis points. So we had a net 160 basis points growth. Underlying that within our Capital Safety business organically, we continued to see strong revenue performance across the board for that business, with the exception of the oil and gas market that the Capital Safety market serves. In our Membrana business, that business continues to perform well. But from an organic basis, we typically start measuring the organic once we lapped ourselves 12 months after we acquired it, Steve.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Steve, we continue to see our other four businesses solidly in the range that we laid out in December and they will help propel our company to the guidance we put out of 1% to 3%.
Nick Gangestad: Price for raw materials Scott, we for the year, we have been expecting that to be 50 basis points and we still see ourselves lining up closely with that.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Going forward, where the dollar is right now, I think the majority of our price increases due to FX are behind us especially as the dollar stays where it is.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. John, I will take that one. The 30 basis points is when we look over a long period of time of what our capability has been. And it’s been fairly sustainable. In times of commodity price increases that tends to go up slightly, in times of commodity price declines that tends to go down. But it’s fairly constant within 3M. To answer your question John, I would like to take you back to our Investor Day. As we look to the next few years of where we will be driving our efficient growth and potential for margin expansion, we are really driving many of our initiatives to be able to do that. Our initiatives around business transformation, one of our key levers, actions we are taking with our footprint to better optimize our efficiency and effectiveness of our manufacturing supply chain. That I see is the heart of what we will be doing in the coming years to continue our ability to grow efficiently and part of that involves margin expansion.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, I am not – I think I am not ready to say and I don’t think it would be accurate to say that we see ourselves flipping over to the negative on the price raws, but it has been a noticeable benefit to us for the last 2 plus years. We are not planning for it to be as positive for us as it has been and we are relying more on other productivity initiatives to fuel our efficiency and our growth.
Nick Gangestad: John, a couple of points on that. As far as the actions we are taking to optimize our global cash position, I don’t want you to think of it as a one-time event. This is a continuation of ongoing efforts we do in our company to efficiently and effectively manage our cash positions. And as you look at our balance sheet, our amount of our global cash has been declining. And we are always looking for how we can move cash to improve our efficiency and effectiveness as well as reduce the risk in holding that cash. It’s been an ongoing effort. We are going to continue to do it. It did give us an opportunity to take some actions and repatriation, John, as part of that. In terms of setting up another $0.10 tailwind into 2017, I think that would be going too far. I think it continues to position us well for ‘17, but I wouldn’t think of it all as a tailwind going into ‘17.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, John, it is. Over the next three quarters, we expect to average approximately a 31% tax rate. But as you know and as you look at our results, there is fluctuation. Some quarters will be higher and some lower, but over the next three quarters, averaging around 31%.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Andy, I will take that one. We are not seeing a big change. There are certain parts of our business in the U.S. where we continue to face good competition and we react with price, but I would call those pockets, not widespread. Sometimes with pricing, in particular in the U.S., we saw actions to capture more market share and adjust pricing. And that’s part of what’s leading to that 0% that we posted in price in the U.S. for the first quarter.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Dean, thanks for the question. The short answer is no, but a little longer answer is our hedging philosophy is meant to help us reduce some of our volatility and allow time for the businesses to adjust to a sustained change in currencies. It’s not to eliminate all the risk. And our objective there, we use oftentimes natural hedges and when we can’t do that then we use financial hedges to offset some of that risk. Our strategy of using hedging and we hedge approximately 50% of that exposure, most currencies out 1 year and then a few selected currencies out second year and third year. That philosophy isn’t changing. We are going to continue to do that. And it really lines up with our philosophy of how we think about hedging over time to help take some of that risk and give our businesses time to react.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, there were. There we – we divested of our Polyfoam business during the first quarter and of the $0.07 related to M&A, approximately one half of that $0.07 was coming from gains on divestitures.
Nick Gangestad: Nigel, the Polyfoam business is in our Industrial business. And that resulted in about half, approximately approaching half of that $0.07 benefit that we saw for the total company. By the way, it was also part of the overall guidance when we guided for the year, that we expected $0.10 of benefits from M&A. The sale of our Polyfoam business was included in that estimate.
Nick Gangestad: Nigel, the primary thing you are seeing there is that we continue to see good opportunities in our consumer business. And we are investing for continued growth. So it’s some key investments that we are choosing to make now that we think will propel this into even stronger position in the future.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. For the second quarter, we do see organic growth being slightly better than what we saw in Q1 for the total company. And we are also continuing to estimate that the second half is going to be stronger than the first half. In particular, in Electronics and Energy, we are expecting that second quarter organic growth is going to be a decline in the mid to high single-digits. So it will go from approximately 12% decline in the first quarter to a mid to high single-digit decline in the second quarter. And then for the year we are expecting Electronics and Energy to be down low to mid single-digits.
Nick Gangestad: Jeff no, the recent actions being taken there do not thwart our efforts to bring us to a 27% tax rate by 2020. We are continuing to evaluate those proposals and the impact they could have on 3M, but we don’t contemplate that they would have a material impact on us at this time.
Nick Gangestad: Okay. So, for the second quarter, Steve, I have shared much about the second quarter already. I would say about what we are expecting for total growth in Electronics and Energy, you noted the charge we are taking in our Electronics and Energy business. I think the only other thing on the margin I will point out is corporate and unallocated, I have guided that we expect that to be between $150 million and $200 million for the year first quarter right in line with that. As we look at the seasonality, we expect a corporate and unallocated for the year. We think that will stay right in that range. I do see Q2 as the highest quarter for our expense we will be incurring in corporate and unallocated and then moderating going into Q3 and Q4. In regards to margin for Q2, as it look Q2 and for the total year, Steve, FX and raw materials are a couple of things that are a little better than how we started the year thinking. And though I see those partially offsetting what we are seeing from lower utilization of our electronics and industrial assets in the first half of the year.
Nick Gangestad: As I look at our total guidance for the year, we expect margins up about 150 basis points. We were at $130 million in the first quarter. As I look across the whole year, fourth quarter is, Steve, where we expect the most margin expansion where we had the restructuring charge in fourth quarter of last year. The second and third quarter I would put below the mean for the year for margin expansion.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Steve, we give guidance for the year, $8.10 to $8.45 is the right guidance for the year. I am not going to try to guide the EPS for the quarter.
