Inge Thulin: Thank you, David. Before we get to your questions, I'd like to spend a few minutes on 2013, and how we are working to strengthen 3M. I said earlier that 2012 was a year of preparation, progress and performance. With a planning behind us 2013 is a year of putting our plan into action and truly competing to win. To win, we are strengthening our portfolio, and at the same time, working to resolve some challenging business issues. For example, in November, we announced a combination of our security systems division with our traffic safety systems division. In recent times, these businesses have not performed to the standards we expect and we are addressing these issues head-on. Government spending for security has decreased over the last few years and those same factors have also affected our traffic safety systems' business. In a big picture bringing these two businesses together creates an opportunity to optimize the overall business and increase efficiency. We announced last week a restructuring in these businesses that will result in the reduction on 300 positions worldwide and we will take related Q1 charge of $8 million. In a company of our size and breadth there would always be some businesses under strategic review, and while the specific solutions may defer the underlying principle is the same. They will not stay under strategic review for long. We will take action. And in context, these situations are few when compared to 3M's overall portfolio of outstanding businesses. For 2013, we will continue to drive our strategies, invest in innovation, commercialize new product as quickly as possible and work to take market share everywhere. We have confidence in our plan and our people and in the planning estimates we gave you in December, which you can see on slide 10. We expect 2013 earnings per share in the range of $6.70 to $6.95. We look for organic local-currency sales growth of plus 2% to plus 5%. The tax rate is expected to be 29.5% to 30%. And finally, we anticipate free cash flow conversion of 90% to 100%. As for the near-term, we are naturally a bit more cautious. There remains a degree of uncertainty as we see some economies growing and others are slower to recover. The same dynamics can be found in specific markets. Healthcare is doing well for example, while consumer electronics just have to recover fully. Specific to the first quarter, we anticipate approximately $30 million of restructuring and one-time acquisition cost. This includes the $8 million in restructuring cost I mentioned earlier. The point is, we will execute our plan to keep improving and growing the business. Thanks for your attention. We will now take your questions.
Inge Thulin: Yes, I think we have some businesses that do well and continues to do well there, like automotive did well. I think one of the impacts is the RED business that we had an issue with and have had during the whole year. The way we look upon RED is that is relatively small division for us, generally speaking, it is a $400 million business and you can look upon the segment, it has two segments, one conservation and one generation. Conservation is like the window films for us, that was type of flat. On generation side, which is wind and solar, as you know, on the global market that is a declining market. So we were down in that side. So I think that was a big piece for us during the quarter for the industrial in total.
Inge Thulin: No, I think 2013 will look like the beginning of 2012. It will look like the same. So we don’t know of the ways it will be coming but probably sometime in the end of Q2 is the indication that we can see at this point in time.
Inge Thulin: First of all, as I said, we are taking action related to that. As I said, that’s about fixed combined or closed in order to see the advantage of the businesses and if we can fix them moving forward. So I think this is a first good step for us. We believe by combining those two divisions that there is very good synergy for us in between the two businesses. Just to make a comment around it, both those businesses that are based on material as the core. So we are very strong in both those businesses in the core relative to material. Then both businesses are type of reaching out and go into more solutions around electronic. So that is the advantage of combining them in order to look upon the synergy. So when we look upon it specifically, you have elements of the customer facing opportunity, which I think is still very precise in terms of execution and then you can get leverage around technology, business processes, compliance and then manufacturing and supply chain. So when you do that, combine them, you will get more efficiency and also from an organization perspective around the world where we have all the subsidiaries. It will work very well for them because they get more focused, more dedication and can execute better. In many pieces there, as you know, is project management. So you need to have a specialist that is working with us. So combined those two businesses, we feel very good in terms of, this is something we can fix, it is something where we will win and we will move them forward. Some other businesses, without calling them out, we are working on that in order to solutions for them as an outcome around the strategic review. So this was two of them that we looked upon in order to make sure that we can win for the future. I will update you as we go and the actions will be taken.
Inge Thulin: Well, we saw recovery. And as you saw, we had growth in the quarter of 16% in total. Our base business, which is excluding electronic was like 10%, so that's a good uptick for us. And, I would say then and that's a quarter for us last year, right? 2012. Looking into the 2013, our base business, I would say will continue in the same mode as we saw then. We don't know yet in terms of electronics. So, electronic maybe will still be a little bit of a challenge as we move into the year, but for the base business we see recovery coming and we feel optimistic about that, but we're still cautious as you said, because when you look upon quarter-by-quarter, it's not the old China if you like, right? That's a different base line that we need to grow out from, but we can see recovery coming in base business and it's a big portion for us, so we sequential improvement in that as we move ahead for the base business going into Q1. Electronic is little more a question mark for us as we speak.
Inge Thulin: I think, first of all you know we stick to our guidance we gave you in December. We're, of course, pleased with outcome of Q4 in terms of our growth, we are as cautious as we move into the year here and operate in the same way that we moved into 2012 very successfully.
Inge Thulin: First of all, we are very pleased with the performance from consumer. It is probably the business during this year that really put a very good plan together were able to execute it to very successfully. And as David laid out, there was some specifics in Q4 that boost the growth for us. But however it was a very good growth in both businesses and in all geographic areas. As you recall while we eventually can see a little bit of uptick as we go further out is our relatively low penetration in international. So we will keep the guidance for now. What we can say very clearly that we are making headwinds both in international and in United States and have both very good growth in United States, as David called out in our Q4 in a highly penetrated market. Then we have still a lot of opportunities in international. The thing that what is happening is that business have improved the consumer insights and they have added their sign as big elements of the business on top of the innovation that we can provide for the company to them then their very strong category management capabilities that we have in that business. So you look upon consumer, for us, long-term is a very, very good business for us with good upside and both that business and healthcare, as you know, for us is what we call very much local domestic businesses that we were able to grow and both of them have still big opportunities in international. So we are very encouraged as we move ahead but we are not changing the guidance in terms of growth as we speak here today.
Inge Thulin: No, it's not sufficiently material to us right now, Nigel that we would feel that we need to call out a change. Obviously, we are monitoring because the Yen has weakened already and there is obviously a lot of talk about a further weakening. If you recall, we hedge about 50% of all of our exposures. So that gives us certainly the ability to navigate and adjust the business if we see something more structural happening, but not material right now that we would need to talk about.
Inge Thulin: Yes, we continue to build that out. As you recall, we started out maybe four, five years ago. One thing that is important is for us to build what we call those super hubs where we are coming closer to the markets and the customers around the world due to the fact that, that is where we see the big growth. So, it's an ongoing process. I don't think we will ever be ready with it because even when we will be ready the market is stagnating at that point in time. But we make very, very good progress and even now in last quarter, we started a new investment in Turkey, where we are building out a good hub for both Central East Europe and Middle East Africa. So, we will be the bridge in terms of our initiatives for that part of the world from a supply chain perspective. We have also a big initiative going on in Europe but we try to consolidate our supply chain in West Europe specifically in order to be more efficient and coordinate that in a better way. So it's an ongoing process. We are making very good progress in the process there. But there's still more to do and as I said, I think it is one of those that you will never be ready.
Inge Thulin: Yes. So, I would say, as you exactly observed, we typically have seasonally here, Adam, decline in inventory in Q4. If we look at our turnover metrics, they look very comparable to other years, other fourth quarter-type performance areas. We did mention that we do expect here in the near-term to have some specific areas, where we might have some further reduction in activity in the first quarter, specifically in some of the consumer electronics area, but overall I would not say there is anything fundamentally different going on.
Inge Thulin: Yes. I'm not sure exactly if I'll answer your question as you're trying to pose it, but if we look at Europe right now, we've had a couple of years now or about a-year-and-half, where we printed negative growth performance. It has moderated obviously. And as you pointed out, we are calling out a range that centers on minus 1 next year. So, everything we can see, we are running pretty stable there, there's some ups and downs as between north and south. But overall when you look at the portfolio pretty stable, and what we've really been focusing on with the business is to make sure that we are as competitive as we can be as a company in Western Europe, so we're looking at how we can take advantage of opportunities to leverage our business across the entire region. We are looking at areas of growth, because inevitably there are opportunities to grow in the region. And so, in areas like healthcare, we've seen some growth opportunities and then we are also looking at how we can optimize and make sure we are making a reasonable return, so we were pleased this year that we did see our margins improve despite weaker sales performance.
David Meline: If I could, David, as we look at industrial performance in the quarter, the sales were quite reasonable in terms of 4% growth year-on-year. Certainly, Q4, we always see a decline in activity including margins. As you know, as we called out, we were also impacted by the cost in Ceradyne.
David Meline: So, if you look at the businesses under review, we have called out as part of that the security division was in there and that was a business, $400 million to $500 million of revenue out of that $2.5 billion. Traffic safety was not part of that group but inevitably as you look at how to get the right alignment across the businesses in our total portfolio, we made that change
David Meline: Yes, if I could add. So, base being industrial, we saw a good growth again in healthcare in the quarter and China as we've seen all year. And also recall, or you may recall that we had a very weak quarter in China last year in the fourth quarter, so quite honestly there's a bit of an element here of the year-over-year comparison.
David Meline: Sure, Deane. So, as I commented in the speech, we are encouraged of course by the fact that we see broad-based growth across all of the divisions in healthcare again now in Q4. We did see a little bit of a pull forward in sales into Q4, in part due to those activities that will be impacted by the medical device tax. So, you saw it tick up a little bit in terms of growth and we know about a half a point of that growth was associated with that pull forward. In terms of margins, we continue to believe now that in 2013, we do expect the margins to run at 30-plus percent for the time being, but looking at this one, obviously, we had everything came together at the same time in that quarter and so I wouldn't suggest you that that you would bank us continuing to operate every quarter at that level.
David Meline: No. I would say, Deane, we saw sale, if you look through the quarter, the trends during the quarter were quite stable. We didn't see any particular effects that we could point to other than the one I just mentioned in healthcare. Obviously, the other piece of course, we were very pleased with was a holiday performance for consumer, but beyond that were there other notable ups or downs or inflection points? I would say, we didn't see any and therefore as we look at our guidance into 2013 by sector, we think that the growth ranges that we called out in December still looked good in terms of what we expect in 2013.
David Meline: So if you look at the margin walk, we did have about a point there related to utilization. It was really a couple of things that are the biggest pieces of that. One of them is, we included in there some cost related to startups of some new factories that were restarting up. So we have got in particular, if you look in Singapore we have in the traffic signage business, we have a new factory that started up here in the fourth quarter. So that impacted our utilization, because there are costs as you ramp up the business. There also was also a new project we have got in the electronics space in touch panels that impacted utilization in a similar way. Then we also had, if you look at our utilization year-over-year, in a couple of areas we did see a lower level of activity. Those being in some of the consumer electronics related spaces. So, if you look at utilization in the semiconductor space, amongst our customers that was lower in Q4 and that impacted our business. As well as, Inge was referring to RED, or the renewable energy business, we saw some lower utilization at some of those factories. So that was really what drove that impact.
David Meline: Sure. So if you look at it, we had a year-over-year decline D&G of about 2.5 points. As I mentioned, not related to divisions such as optical where we had very stable performance in terms of margin and very much what we expected. The two biggest factors there, as I did mention, about almost half of it was the impact of the FSTech acquisition and the other piece was more related to the startup cost which I mentioned that impacted the company overall. We had a little bit of product mix but I would say a third of the factors that you line them in terms of significance.
David Meline: Sure. So you got the figures. We tried to lay those out quite clearly. She trend, as you know, is why we did have 0.7% price performance in the fourth quarter. That’s primarily the impact of price increases that were taken earlier in the year. With the situation on raw materials, as I have said in November, we expect the pricing impact in 2013 to moderate further. As to our ability to hold price and avoid commoditization, of course, as you know the business model is exactly geared towards offering innovative solutions that differentiate our products for our customers and provide value that they are willing to pay for. So no difference in that model next year versus any time in the past. In terms of raw materials, we do expect the tailwind of raw material price declines that we experienced in 2012 to substantially moderate. That's why we said in our guidance for 2013 that we think that that impact will pretty neutral. So, we do feel? We think it will be less of a contributor the combination in 2013 than we experienced in 2012, but also not the kind headwind we have the prior couple of years and we feel good about our ability to deliver on that.
David Meline: Yes. We don't, other than a couple of specific areas that we've tried to talk about today in specific businesses, the general trend we've seen we would say, if you look at the sales trend pretty stable for the company through the quarter. And I would say, we did not observe anything notable in terms of unusual inventory patterns.
David Meline: Well, yes. I mean, the overall guidance 2% to 5% for the company in 2013 we still think is the right way to think about it. If you look at the Q4 performance in terms of sales, which obviously we were quite pleased with moving from 2% on average during the first nine months up to 4%, if you sort parse that out about half of it was related to the performance in the consumer segment, which as I think we have talked about or we've inferred, we think that that was related to some fairly specific factors in Q4 and we continue to think 2% to 5% growth for consumer in 2013 is the right way to think about that segment. Then the other contributors most significant one to that pickup in Q4 was the performance in Asia, most significantly the base business in China. And, as Inge said, we've taken some reasons for some optimism that we are seeing a recovery as I think others are talking about are we getting I would were cautious to start running away with that is something that's going to continue to trend more strongly. But, again, we are encouraged by the indications.
David Meline: Sure, Ajay. Yes. I would say, again, and not repeat but if you look at the selling rates more on a daily basis, we didn't see anything changing in Q4. Now, there were some issues around how many selling days there were as between October, November, December, so you know you get some different outcomes if you looked at that on a monthly basis because December actually had a lesser number of days than last year. But as we look at it on the on a very granular basis, we didn’t observe any trends that were implying some new level of inflection in our overall business in total and again, obviously, some pluses and minuses which we have tried to call out here today. If I then roll forward into where we are sitting today in late January, we see relative stability in terms of the overall business. Again, I don’t see anything that I would point to that would indicate some new information for us here.
David Meline: Nigel, I would add too, it's 8% of sales, but we do have a 25% minority partner in Japan. So a quarter of the profits belong to the minority. So from a sensitivity standpoint, the move in the Yen is going to be less pronounced than it would be with the likes of the Euro.
David Meline: Well, in some of our contracts we do price pegged to the dollar. So in fact to the extent that the currency has weakened we saw, in local currency terms prices increased and likewise you would see some reductions in pricing which would be reflected in the overall 0.7 that we mentioned.
David Meline: Yes. What I would say is first of all we came in for the year at 29%, which is right in the range of 29% to 29.5% that we had indicated for 2012. It is true that if I look at there is a modest effect for us of the carryover impact of the deferral of these extenders into 2013. But as we look at the number of different factors that impacts the tax rate during the year, lead us to include at this time that we think that 29.5% to 30% outlook for the company is a good. And quite honestly, the information I have in front of me, I don't see any reason why quarter-to-quarter that that rate is going to be vastly differed from the full year rate guidance I have got out there.
David Meline: Yes. I would say what we see right now is pretty normal seasonality, Steve. The one area that we are cautious about, which Inge mentioned is in the Electronics space. We do see some ups and downs there and we think that we may have some lower level of demand in some of those sectors for example, as I mentioned semiconductor, utilization has been running a bit lower. I think that will impact us in Q1. But overall, we think it's fairly normal.
David Meline: Yes. We don't do guidance on a quarterly basis. We'll probably keep that at least for the time being.
David Meline: I would say, yes. Good questions, Steve, and in the past we spent a fair amount of time talking about inventory dynamics and the effect on sales. If you look at the sales through the year, pretty stable. Obviously, the low end of what we were looking for as the economy was basically downgraded through the year. If I look at our growth performance overall as compared to the overall industrial economy, it was a little bit towards the low end of that range and I could infer from that that there was probably either neutral or some level of destocking through the year that might have affected us.
David Meline: Yes. I think that's fair to assume. Well, we will always have start ups. We had certainly record levels of capital investment here in 2012. As we told you, we expect our CapEx to rise in '13, and while I would say as there is ups and downs in terms of both the startup cost, so we happen to have some startups in the fourth quarter, sometimes coincidence with both the lower production requirements in seasonally in the fourth quarter. Sometimes it will take advantage of a holiday shutdown to plan around those startups. So, if I looked quarter-by-quarter, quite honestly I haven't done the deep analysis, it may be true that you see seasonally a bit more startup costs in the fourth quarter, but throughout the year we will have that type of activity certainly.
David Meline: I would say, not on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So I think the facts we are staring at here in Q4 are a perfect example of that, which is there is not a short-term and direct correlation, i.e. we have taken up quite a significant amount of pricing earlier in the year. The decline in that is more of a function of the fact that we had a lot of earlier price adjustments which now mathematically result in the lowest price increase in Q4. If you look at the sales growth as we have talked about some specific factors around what's going on with some improvement in the base business in China as well as the consumer business. So it's a good observation. I wouldn't draw a direct cause and effect in the short-term from that.
David Meline: Well, our plan is aggressive in terms of what we need to do in order to take market share and specifically in developed economy. As you know, there is not much growth in the market. So we have very aggressive market share plans in that part of the world. So you should look upon it like a 50-50 base. So what we say is you need to take 50% of your growth from market share and 50% based on penetration. And I think in most businesses, we still have a good upside relative to market share. The other thing you have to think about our business model is that we are working in different categories, right. So we have a type of consumables that is going into health care and the consumer market and some consumables that is going into manufacturing product that is used in order to help to improve productivity and efficiency. That’s one piece of it. The other piece is, where we are expecting on big platforms. So, the point is for us is growth in total. In some businesses, we can go, write it down and calculate the market share. Other thing, we create new solutions on platforms that is running for long time. But if you go in to specific on consumables, in both consumer healthcare and the industrial, we have aggressive market share plans and we still believe we can deliver on that.
