Inge G. Thulin: Thank you, Nick. As we all know, the current economic growth environment remains challenging. Against that backdrop, today we are updating our full-year outlook for 2015. We now expect organic growth of 1.5% to 2% versus prior guidance of 2.5% to 4%. Foreign currency translation will reduce sales by approximately 7% compared with a prior range of 6% to 7%. Excluding the impact of restructuring, we expect full-year earnings per share in the range of $7.73 to $7.78. We previously expected EPS in the range of $7.73 to $7.93. On a GAAP basis, we expect EPS in the range of $7.60 to $7.65, which reflects the expected $0.13 restructuring charge in Q4. We also now anticipate a free cash flow conversion rate of 95% to 100%, up from the prior range of 90% to 100%. So thank you for your attention, and we will now take your questions.
Inge G. Thulin: I think it's a combination, Scott. I think first of all when you look upon the decline in terms of IPI [Industrial Production Index] growth, we have all seen that going down quarter by quarter during the year. And that is related both to United States and to China and Germany, you can say basically on a global base. I think that is one impact. And then, of course, enterprises around the world look upon the balance sheet and the cash flow and type of work down there, the inventory as well. So I will say when we look upon our performance in terms of growth, yes, it slowed during the year, but we don't believe and we know that we are not losing out in terms of penetration or market share. But I think it's a combination of both of them. So we clearly see – we're ending out the year I will say at the lower global growth rate in the economy versus what all of us anticipated as we went into the year. And when I look upon that, I feel personally very good of how we as a team, and I'm talking now about all the 90,000 at 3M, have been able to manage that through and improve most of the metrics when it became more of a challenge for us to grow. But we are growing. We are growing and we have margin expansion and very good cash flow. But also your question, I think it's combination of both. And I think people would like to look out a couple of years now, what will this mean? And I think everything you see that we have been doing this year in terms of our portfolio work and our investment in R&D and the business transformation in addition to the announcement today of the restructuring is for us to be prepared as we move ahead in order for us to give good return despite maybe something that would be difficult for us to control, which is the growth in IPI and GDP. So I hope that helps.
Inge G. Thulin: You just not continue as you have done in the past, of course, because the landscape has changed and then you have to, as I always say, if you go out in a forest and you go out with your map, and the map in the forest doesn't connect any longer, the forest is always right. So you cannot continue with your map if you think about that as a business plan. So we are doing that. When I look back over the years here, it's not something that we react to just today based on a quarter that is softer in one way or another. If you go back to China, for instance, we have not added people there for 12 to 18 months. We didn't reduce by definition, but we adjusted and slowed down the way we added people. Brazil today, you are correct. Brazil today will still, in my view and I think in most of our views, be a challenge maybe for the next two years. And you can see also in the restructuring announcement today, we're talking about Latin America as primary focus. And inside of that is, of course, Brazil. So what you have to do is to surgically go in and address it. And I think that's serving us well with a model we have is very much around localization, meaning we have a managing director in each country that is leading the operation, and there is an empowerment around that. But they get a lot of help from us. I can tell you that, Scott, in order to make sure that we take action. But we're just careful in terms of building out assets in terms of manufacturing and so forth that you maybe did differently five years, six years ago and just see how you can serve those markets differently. Now, you heard as Nick said, if you take our Health Care business that is growing very well and is very profitable, they had 10% organic local currency growth in developing economies in the quarter, consumers doing well, et cetera. So when I look upon it, yes, there is a shift in between developed and developing, and we adjust accordingly. But there's still a big penetration opportunities in those countries. But you're more cautious. You are looking upon it slightly different and make sure you position yourself for the long term.
Inge G. Thulin: Andrew, good morning. Yes, you're right. I think it started out like 15.7% or something, and now it's an incredible improvement relative to margins. What had happened is, first of all, we realigned the businesses, as you maybe recall. We did that in late 2012. And one of the reasons for that was we reduced the number of business groups. So we tried to build out relevance for our customers. We reduced the number of divisions, meaning tried to get out more efficiency, more productivity, and get more alignment with the market and the customer. So we were able to respond faster with technology platforms. If you take this specific business, Electronics & Energy [EEBG], we went from eight or nine divisions to four divisions. We relentlessly looked upon the structure of it and we reallocated assets in a better way that we had for that specific business that they have to utilize maybe in between three different business groups. Now we add it together so they could manage it, which helped them to drive efficiency in the manufacturing, be able to respond much faster to customer demands, and also they address a lot of, I would say, issues in the portfolio. So you remember, we had this analysis where we had Heartland division strategic – or push forward and then under strategic review. They addressed all of that. And as I've said earlier and I think this is now showing again, I said it last two quarters that the margin for that business is now at the point that it's not dependent on big growth on top line only to drive margins. So we have now proven that for the third quarter that the model is now streamlined, efficient, with very good combination of manufacturing, commercialization, and R&D capabilities in a very streamlined organization. And I will say; you said – you referred to the rest of 3M. It's the same everywhere, but this business group could get a bigger lift because where they started. One business that you see had a very good result this quarter is Consumer. Consumer 2012 also started with eight divisions, and now four divisions. We worked to streamline the organization. We took out unnecessary layers in the organization. We have addressed span of control and levels in the organization, and that is happening everywhere in 3M. You see bigger benefit from some short term because they had a lower starting point, but EEBG had the lowest. And if you're running 15.7% operating margin and are part of 3M, that is not us. And I will compliment that business group for taking that on and work it through, and today we see the result. It's nice to see.
Inge G. Thulin: It depends on which business group or which market you are in. But I will say that my own observation when I look upon it for the last three to five years generally speaking there's a much better correlation in between sell-in and sell-out for most companies and most markets; and I will say, if you think about retail and consumer, much, much better. So you can see a slight change from ending of a quarter to a new quarter based on maybe the season and so forth. But I would say it's generally speaking very well balanced today, which is also then giving us an opportunity to be more efficient in fact relative to our manufacturing and production and so forth. But to give a timing on it is difficult. I cannot do that, Nigel, to be honest with you. It's very difficult to do. But I think overall, management of inventory is handled much, much more effectively generally speaking, which is good for all of us.
Inge G. Thulin: I don't know if it's an unfair comment. We are living in a competitive world, and we adjust as we go. When you look upon this, we are addressing here areas where we believe we will get very good return on the investment we are doing here in Q4, and it's very targeted. It's very, very targeted relative to where those opportunities lay. If you think about what we have done here over the last three years, three and a half years, we have addressed many things in terms of combining divisions and reduced the number of business groups, et cetera. And now the efficiency is now at the point where we can take the next swing at it. But I will say that when you look upon an organization like ours, we have to make sure that we really have the commercialization capabilities in place; that we have continued focus on research and development. And also I will say around Lean Six Sigma, making sure in times like this that we maybe even add more to Lean Six Sigma. What you have to ask yourself is structure, management layers, and so forth, which is necessary in some times, but then you come into other times where you just prepare yourself for the future. So the answer to your question is it's very difficult to say if you need to something more. You play it by ear and see how the competitive landscape looks like, and you adjust to that. Our commitment is to grow our business and have a good return back to our shareholders.
Inge G. Thulin: Yes, you are correct. It's housed now, if you like, in the Industrial business group with very close linkage to our Purification business because maybe from a commercialization perspective see the fastest opportunity for us to leverage both of those businesses. When you look upon the technology and where it can move out, I will say it's maybe in life sciences. We don't call it life sciences, but it's a combination of Health Care and biotech where there are big opportunities for us. And we do business in the biotech area, not necessarily with our Health Care business group, but very much with the Purification business, and there are big opportunities for us that we can build out. But at this point in time, the total focus is short term to integrate the business, make sure we get full leverage based on what we have paid, and can give back to the shareholders based on what we paid for that business. But you're right. I think you have more opportunities in businesses going versus Health Care, life sciences, biotech, than you have for instance in Consumer and Safety & Graphics. But we take it seriously now in terms of integrating the business and execute the plan as a first step. So we don't migrate the resources in R&D and start to – they need to present very specific programs and opportunities in order to get the resources to expand the business as we move ahead. So more to come, Deane, we are now focused to integrate them and integrate the model and execute.
Inge G. Thulin: First of all, it was in push-forward. It was not in Heartland. It was in push-forward. And I think the important thing that was for sure not in the first category under strategic review. It is a business that is doing very well. I think it's our responsibility to look upon all businesses to say can we get better benefit in a different business model. Is there more value that can be created in a different way for some of our businesses? This business could be one of them where we would like to evaluate. And as you know, it could be a spin, it could be a sell, or we keep it. We are making that evaluation now, and we will know because I wouldn't like to move forward and ahead of our own process. And at the end of Q1, we should know how the outcome of that will be. If you go back and look upon – in my view at least, today we have a very good process in order to mesh our businesses and try to understand where we can leverage even more. And in some cases we have to ask the question. Can we lever more and can there be more return to shareholders in a different business model? I think that's my responsibility to do and I think it's our team's responsibility to do, and then we do it. So it's not always a business that is under-performing that you need to evaluate. Sometimes in a case like this, you have to look upon it. And it had been on my mind for some time, I would say, but I'm very careful to not overload the initiatives relative to the portfolio. My first objective was to make sure that we got all businesses to a respectable position. And I think we are there now, as you have seen as a result, in EEBG as well. And then there's a time for everything, and now we are here. We have announced it. We are transparent about it. And then we have to see at the end of Q1 what the next step will be. Any case, it's a fantastic business. If it's with us, if it's a spin, or it's sold, it's just fantastic. So there's nothing wrong with this business. And it takes courage to take a step like this in a business doing as well as this is doing.
Inge G. Thulin: This is, of course, bigger. So if you're talking about where you normally type of challenge every step on the way, that's what you're talking about.
Inge G. Thulin: So those so-called adjustments, I would say that's more an adjustment of the organization that you do. And you ask yourself the question every time you get an opening, do we need to replace it and so forth. This is more sizable at this point in time. And why now is very much that I feel now that we have a very good handle on our model in terms of operations. So it's like when you go through everything as you describe it, you have pieces that are moving the whole time in your portfolio, et cetera. Then you're coming to more of a sterilization. Now you look upon it to say okay, is there more that can be done and should we do it now? So it's 1,500 people. It's sizable, in my view, for each individual person that is impacted by it, so I'm very sensitive to the whole situation. But it's something that we need to do in order to build strengths on strengths. So people can view it as saying 1,500, is it a lot or is it not enough? For us it's perfect at this point in time. And I don't underestimate that because I understand the impact for each individual of those 1,500 that need to go away and do something different.
Inge G. Thulin: I think, as I said earlier, in my view and our view is as we move ahead here, we have an opportunity in our supply chain area. And that will be maybe something we will talk about as we move ahead. But that's different in a way. That's about the whole model of us improving our balance sheet, our turns and reduced inventory and so forth. And if you do that as you go down the line, you cannot think about that there are less distribution centers maybe fewer manufacturing sites, et cetera. So the beauty with all that, despite we are doing very well, there are still opportunities in 3M in order to create value.
Inge G. Thulin: Yes, I think so, maybe even – yes, if you take in totality, yes. China shifted a little bit positive for us actually in this quarter, not much, but a little bit. So you go minus 3% to plus 3%. So you're not overly happy with core business China up 3%, but it's much better than minus 3%. So I would say I think we went sideways with almost 2% growth in what I call developing economies. My view there is you adjust your organization as you speak, but I still specifically in domestic businesses, which for us is Health Care and Consumer, huge penetration opportunities. And then for the rest, it would be very much based on the global economy and export businesses, et cetera. But I would say in between Q2 and Q3, we went sideways with some small growth. As you know, Brazil is a tough time. We're minus 2% in Brazil, but that was slightly better than in Q2 anyhow. So it's a tougher situation, but it's absolutely not hopeless. And we have penetration opportunities that we try to go after them.
Inge G. Thulin: Thank you. To wrap up, we continued to deliver solid operational performance in 2015, and I thank our whole 3M team for an outstanding effort. This quarter, we expanded margins and posted strong earnings while taking many actions to strengthen our long-term competitiveness. We're executing our plan and controlling what we can control and building for the future. Thank you again for joining us this morning, and have a good day.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Andrew, we're watching for that. And the change – the movement in the renminbi has been fairly modest. We're not seeing a movement on that. And if it is we expect it to be minor, although we do see it as a positive development for that portion of the business, but minor at this point.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Nigel, in the last few months, what we've seen in FX movements more recently has been more focused on developing market currencies, whereas early in the year it was more in developed market currencies.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: And what you're seeing – how you're seeing that manifest is developing market currencies is where 3M has a little more pricing power, ability to raise price to offset that FX movement, and that's why we're seeing the 110 basis points of price growth in the third quarter. About 75% of that 110 basis points we attribute to FX movements. So we've seen some shift though very subtle in that as the year has gone on.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yes, it's been – that part, parsing it out between developed and developing has remained remarkably stable.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Our range for the year of 1.5% to 2% does not anticipate a very significant movement in price growth in the fourth quarter from where we've been running in the first nine months of the year. I think we're expecting it to be very close to where we have been running so far this year.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: And then unit volumes will, depending on the implied range for fourth quarter that 1.5% to 2% says for the year, unit volumes could range to slightly negative to slightly positive in the fourth quarter.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: There is some overlap between the two that the progress we're making with business transformation and the actions we're taking have enabled some of the restructuring actions that we announced this morning. We still see ourselves on that path from the $500 million to $700 million. This restructuring announcement enables us to accelerate the path to that $500 million to $700 million a little faster. That's a portion of that $130 million of savings. It's by no means the dominant portion of that savings we're talking about.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Steve, Inge talked a little bit about this earlier about the margins going on there. A number of things of some of the consolidations that have occurred, the push on productivity and relevance with our customers, and building a business there that is not dependent on growth as a way to generate a margin in this range. That going forward, this is still a business that we see opportunities for growth in the future. So we continue to invest in this business. And as far as margins going further, I'm not ready to make a statement like that yet. But we continue to see this business growing and with margins that are at or slightly higher than the total company margins.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Steve, as we look forward, we remain constructive on our view of the global economy for 2016, albeit we're expecting a similar slow growth environment to what we're seeing in 2015. You're talking, when you talk about, ask about impetus of other things changing, as we look at 2016 for us, in addition to that slower growth organic world, we are expecting raw material benefits to continue into 2016, but at a lower level than what we've seen in 2015. This restructuring that we discussed this morning, that will be accretive to our views for 2016. Pension, OPEB, right now we see that as a benefit to us in 2016 of approximately $100 million. And of course, we'll continue to drive productivity in our company as well as getting benefits from our capital allocation strategy that we have been following and will continue to follow. Headwinds that I see right now going forward into 2016, FX has been a headwind throughout 2015. We see it being a headwind for us in 2016, just not on the same level. We see it at a lower level than what we've seen in 2015. And then just to round it out, as I look at 2016 I also see interest expense. As we're following our capital structure, capital allocation strategy, we see interest expense going up in 2016.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah, Steve. We're still in the stages of putting together our entire 2016 plan. We'll share more details on that on our December 15 conference call.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah, thanks for the question, Julian. We're continuing to follow our capital allocation and capital structure strategy that we've laid out. We do see that we're continuing to make progress on that capital allocation strategy. You saw in 2015 us deploying $3.5 billion into mergers and acquisitions. Our plan does call for us leveraging our balance sheet to grow the business, investing first in the business but maintaining some flexibility for opportunistic deployment. And we're continuing on the path we've laid out, Julian. In regards to your question about debt rating, as we've indicated in the past, we would consider a downgrade for the right value-creating strategic opportunity. Those include acquisitions as well as times when we see 3M as a good value to buy ourselves.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Laurence, two parts to the question that I'll go through here. First of all, from the cost standpoint of our investment in business transformation, we're at a point where we're at the peak of what we're investing in this, and any incremental investments would be small or non-existent of what we're spending on that initiative. In the coming years, we expect to see ourselves growing to build to that $500 million to $700 million of operating income benefit that we've shared. I'm quite confident as we talk on December 15 about our outlook for 2016, you'll start to see some of those benefits being shared at that time and how they'll impact 2016, starting small, but then growing as we progress to 2020.
