Monish Patolawala: Yes. Sure, Scott. It's a great question. And you're right. But as I first said, we are raising prices everywhere. It's taking a little bit of time, but it's broad-based. You've seen what we have said we'll do in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. To answer your question specifically on the second quarter, you hit on one point, which is a comp issue from year-over-year but the second piece of this was also as the volumes came in pretty strong in the second quarter, we had some rebates that get accounted for with that extra volume, and that drove it. But when you reflect on the guide that we gave you, price pretty much came in where we had thought. It's just slightly lower than that. So we were expecting this.
Monish Patolawala: I would say, Scott, it's really hard to figure out exactly what the impact was. There definitely was an impact, I would say, in general, in the larger market and 3M was no different where supply constraints were there. The team has done a marvelous job of trying to keep the factories running the best they can and making sure we are taking care of our customers as quickly as we can. So I would say there were more inefficiencies that we have had to deal with just as raw material was not as fluid as we would have thought through this process. But overall, we have done our best to keep our customers whole through this process. But this is an ongoing piece, Scott, that we'll have to watch how the second half plays itself out. You're seeing not only us but end markets also getting impacted by some of the raw material shortages, and we're just going to keep working this as we go through the second half.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. I think, Joe, that's a great question. I think we also keep looking at that all the time. I would just start with the team has done a really nice job of continuing to drive margins up while still investing in the business. The sharp increase on a year-over-year basis is driven by a lot of the volume increase that you saw Q2 of last year versus Q2 of this year. Third, I would say the volume leverage has helped, but we still got hurt by raw materials and logistics costs, and we continue to invest in the business. I would -- to answer your specific question on what does it look like going forward, I think it all comes down to ultimately where does volume turn out to be? As I said in my prepared remarks that disposable respirators are starting to slow down. You're seeing a Q3 impact of $50 million to $100 million on a year-over-year basis and $100 million to $300 million for the second half. Some -- many -- most of that should hit the Health Care segment. So we'll see where volume plays itself out. But secondly, I think is how much investments we keep driving as we see hospitalizations increase and elective procedures go up. So I think it's going to be a trade between that. Overall, I would say the team and I, we all believe in continuous improvement. So we're going to keep driving productivity continuing to reduce cost, investing where we think it's the right place to invest and driving efficiency in SG&A as much as we can.
Monish Patolawala: I would tell you, I think the way we got to think about it is, as electives go up, we don't have a one-for-one perfect connection between electives. So it depends on which piece of the demand goes up, Joe. So it's really hard to give you the perfect answer on whether it's mix or not. What I generally believe is as elective procedures go up and as volume picks up, you will see us getting more leverage because of that. How much the disposable respirator volume goes down and where it comes from will also have an impact. So it's a hard one for me to quantify exactly.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. Sure, Deane. As I told you, from our priority of capital allocation, our first priority is always investing organically between R&D and CapEx because we think that's the biggest return for our money. The second is dividend. You've seen we have increased dividend. It's 63rd year in a row that dividend is up. It matters to our shareholders. That's our second priority. Our third priority is M&A, and we will normally do M&A in the area where we believe that the target that we're going to acquire can benefit from being a part of 3M. Right now, we are busy integrating Acelity, and the team is doing a nice job integrating that. So we don't see any acquisitions of the size of Acelity in the near future, but we have an active pipeline of a number of things. And then our last discretionary use of capital allocation is share buyback. So for the year, year-to-date, we have done $700 million, give or take. And I would say share buyback and continued share back depends on what the volume is going to be, depends on the needs of future capital in uses that we have as well as what the cash flow that we generate will depend on that. So I would say, we'll keep you posted during these quarterly calls as we continue this program and decide how much we do.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. I think, Julian, it's a great question on Safety and Industrial. So to answer your specific question first on the impact, could it be negative on a year-over-year basis? As we said, and just a reminder, in 2019, we used to have revenue approximately $600 million of disposable respirators that went up to $1.4 billion in 2020. And as I look at the second half, we told you there could be a risk of $100 million to $300 million, which is the range of where we think disposable respirator volume would come down on a year-over-year basis. And if we go to that higher end of the range, which is $300 million, yes, the answer is you could definitely see negative volumes. What we have been doing as a part of this as health care demand has waned due to lower hospitalizations due to COVID and increase in electives is we have been moving production out from the hospital channel to different parts, which is industrial and governments, which we are actively doing. The other piece of Safety and Industrial is, as I mentioned in Q2, we have seen growth in quite a few other segments of Safety and Industrial, whether it's in our respiratory portfolio with our safety portfolio, with head and face masks, whether you've seen us increase in our abrasive business, in our adhesives business, our roofing granules. So all the other segments, automotive aftermarket, have seen increase. And depending on how the economy plays itself out, and as long as industrial activity continues, you should see continued growth in those areas. And our current assumption is that long term, those markets will come back. I think it's going to be a little fluid in the second half, depending on how COVID plays itself out. To answer your second question on margin, you're right, as we have seen in 2019 versus '20, we did get benefited a lot by the volume leverage that we got across Safety and Industrial. So ultimately, where volume lands in the second half will have an impact on where margins ultimately go. We are actively working on price increases, broad-based in that segment. It's -- how much of that is offset by price and raws and logistics cost is the second offset. And the third one is the ongoing legal fees or reserves that we have taken, will be the third one. And then the last one I would say is what do we invest in growth, productivity and sustainability and especially growth, because as industrial activity goes up in '22 and '23, we're going to continue to invest in that segment. So put all that together, that's how we see where margins are going to land.
Monish Patolawala: So Steve, I would say, I would just put everything in the context of back to end markets, in total, we feel will remain strong. I think you're going to see volatility as we get through the second half with what happens with COVID. So a couple of items to note. We believe that elective procedures will continue to go up quarter-over-quarter. But in some parts of the world, you could see it go down. Secondly, I would say auto does show an increase. It's still on a year-over-year headwind, down 3% in the third quarter. And if my memory is right, it's projected to be down 3.7% in the fourth quarter. I think the semiconductor shortages will have an impact on what happens there, and we'll see where that plays itself out. Smartphone shipments are supposed to be down on a year-over-year basis. We'll see where it lands sequentially. And then tablets and TVs, which also were benefited tremendously last year, are also projected to be down on a year-over-year basis, but hard to quantify what exactly it looks like on a sequential basis. You have seen us -- you have seen a pretty good increase in stationery and office supply in the second quarter. That momentum is there right now, where we are seeing sell-in trends as retailers are planning to have people -- more people return to the workplace, kids in school, but depending on how the pandemic plays out, that could have an impact. And then on Safety and Industrial, as I mentioned in the prior question, I think there's an assumption that industrial activity continues. But currently, the supply chain shortages across the world also put a lot of variability onto what that demand looks like. And that's why when we put all that together, we said we are prudent to call the year at 6% to 9% for the year versus the 3% to 6% that we had said earlier. But overall, I -- go ahead.
Monish Patolawala: So if you're asking specifically on commodities, I think it's a really hard one to call. For example, I would tell you, when we first gave our guide of $0.30 to $0.50, which has now been guided to $0.65 to $0.80, I would tell you, what we have seen is a broad-based increase in all commodities, whether it is polypropylene, chemical, resins we are seeing in our outsourced manufacturing goods, not just the labor cost, but other commodities that go into that also getting passed. And then logistics cost has continued to be a pretty strong headwind. Where that will peak? I think, in my view -- and I may be wrong here -- at some point, demand and supply need to start settling itself out. There's a lot of demand, there's not enough supply based on all the V-shape recovery with the congestion in the ports, et cetera. And until that stabilizes itself out, I think we are going to continue to see inflation. We have seen where crude prices have gone up much heavier than we had thought coming into the year. Polypropylene has remained strong or heavy, inflationary. Ocean rates have gone up a lot in the last 3 to 6 months. So it's really hard for us to come back and say, when does it peak and when it start coming down. So we've taken what we know. We have put in all the factors that we know. We've had a prediction of where we think these things could go. And we have come up with $0.65 to $0.80, which currently is our best guide of where we think inflation is going to be. But with that said, as I've mentioned, we are taking broad-based price increases everywhere to help offset the mitigation of this. We are also increasing yield. We are working with our suppliers to reduce prices, et cetera. And then in -- so third quarter, we'll see a headwind of 50 to 100 basis points price versus raw. And in the fourth quarter, our anticipation is that we should be able to get it to be flat to positive, which means price will offset the raw material inflation.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So I think the first one that the Hoosick Falls settlement was a part of our reserve. So that was a part of the calculus already. I would say we will -- we are -- it's ongoing litigation. If you look at all the SEC material that we file as well as the Q that will get filed later on the day, should give you an update of all the cases. But just for your benefit, we got a PFAS case coming up in the October of this year. It's with Wolverine and the use of PFAS in there, and we've got 2 Combat Arm trials coming up. So as we prepare for those cases, that's the increased cost in legal fees. And what I would tell you is we will spend what is required to defend ourselves as we go through these cases and that's what the cost is being incurred for.
Monish Patolawala: So I would just say, Nicole, volume is the biggest driver that gives us leverage. So I think that's step #1 with all the volatility, the uncertainty that's out there. The question is where does second half volumes land as well as we've given you the range on disposable respirators are going to be down $100 million to $300 million on a year-over-year basis. The team continues to drive operating rigor so driving productivity and efficiency across the supply chain. We are going after price increases, and our anticipation is that in the fourth quarter, we should be able to offset the price -- the raw and logistics cost impact. So I would boil it down to saying what margin will come down to in the second half and what incrementals are, will depend on the volume, will depend on our ability to offset the price -- the raw and logistics pressure through price increase, continued productivity and good execution by the 3M team. And then finally, our decision on how much we're going to invest in growth, productivity and sustainability, plus a lot of these indirects that start snapping back, as hopefully, people start traveling. You've seen we've been very disciplined in the first half of making sure that we didn't spend ahead of what volumes come back. But as we see volumes coming back in, you're going to see those indirect start snapping back up. And then the last one is the legal fees and continuing to do what we think is right to protect ourselves as these cases go through. So that's all the factors that will ultimately impact what the incrementals are going to be.
Mike Roman: Yes, Dean, I would say, I start with the expectation that the team is going to continue to execute well as we go into the second half of the year. And we've talked about some of the dynamics. Monish outlined a number that we're seeing. I would say, so far, no surprises as we start the first few weeks of July. We are expecting the global macroeconomic and end market strength to continue. It will remain fluid. We talked about the uncertainties as we look into the second half. We expect and are seeing continued increase in elective procedures in health care, home improvement, expected to remain strong. Industrial, more broadly, generally improving as we go in the second half. We talked about it in the first half, we saw broad-based growth across geographies, and we expect this to continue it. The uncertainty there is COVID and the impact on any increases in cases and hospitalizations. There are certainly some areas around the world where we're seeing that. And even as we talk about the decline in respirator -- disposable respirator demand globally, we're seeing areas that we are increasing supply. And so that's going to be one of the things that can impact second half geographically across the world. So we -- while we expect overall pandemic-related respirator demand to decline, we expect some areas we'll see stronger demand as COVID plays out. So that gives you a little bit of a view of how we look around the world second half.
Mike Roman: Yes, John, I would say price -- our teams are focused, as Monish talked about, on taking price in the second half to help us offset what we're seeing in inflation. And that's fairly broad-based. We -- it takes -- as we talked about, it takes some time to implement price changes and get ahead of inflation and it's been -- inflation has been an ongoing challenge as we've gone through the year. So we're expecting to see stronger price broad-based as we get into the second half and into fourth quarter, we start to see a price raw positive impact. And if you look at where our channel inventories today, this is something we're always asking ourselves. It's a dynamic that we are continuously measuring and assessing every region in the world. And I would say, given the dynamics in the marketplace, the snapback in the economy, the fluid and uneven market dynamics, it's difficult to know what the right level is today. We get visibility on where our sell-in and sell-out is. With that snapback in demand, it's hard to get clear visibility on levels -- appropriate levels of inventory. There are some areas, of course, that are very visible, the ongoing semiconductor chip shortages, and they're impacting production volumes, and we are -- we see our inventory in the channel aligning with that. We've talked quite a bit about the visibility we're putting on N95 respirators specifically. But beyond that, it's really going to depend on how demand plays out in each market to really get a view as we go through third quarter of where inventory in the channel sets.
Mike Roman: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. We -- as I highlighted in my prepared remarks, we saw probably the peak of demand, at least near term, in Q1. And we -- as you know, we built additional capacity as we went through 2020. By the end of the year, we were at a run rate of 2.5 billion N95 respirators on an annual basis. And so that's the capacity we come into the year. Other manufacturers build capacity as well to respond to the pandemic. And I think you see some of them idling some of their capacity as demand comes off the peak. And we'll begin that process as well to idle lines to be ready for the next emergency or changes in COVID-19. I mean, we can ramp up quickly. So our strategy is to be in a position to be a leader in personal safety, personal protective equipment in normal times, and that's really serving the broader industrial markets, serving consumer markets, serving health care markets, and that's our strategy for where we manufacture and the volumes. And then we have that idle capacity so we can surge in times of emergency. I think we're in a better position than ever before globally to be able to respond to a pandemic. And I would add, it's been good to see governments following through on their commitments to stockpile. That's something that we have a number of efforts underway around the world that we're supporting as we come through the first half of the year. So that, I think, prepares the world better for the next emergency, the next pandemic. So it's going to -- it will depend. When you look at where are we going to end up with respirator demand? We think we'll end up somewhere above where we were pre-pandemic. As use and protocols are changing around the world, we'll be well aligned to serve that. Our brand will be strong. We've got a leading brand position in PPE and can -- and really take advantage of that position around the world. And so I think we've got the model well aligned. I think there's a surge capacity that will be available. How much will depend both on the demand that comes in any kind of future emergency. And I think we're -- like I said, we're ready for our part of that.
Mike Roman: Yes, Andrew, I can speak about us. I mean we are -- our nonwoven capacity, we do leverage that and utilize that in other areas, other products that we have like air filtration. So it is an opportunity for us that even with the capacity that we've built to be -- respond to the pandemic, we can take advantage of that and use that in other areas. And that's something that we're able to do broadly. We take our technologies and find innovative uses for them and air filtration is one of those. Will others do that? I'm sure there will be a focus in other markets for some of that capacity around the world. How much? I don't know how to give you a view of that perspective. The world will continue to grow, and we see trends in personal safety, air filtration. So the demand is going to continue to grow. So to some degree, it will -- the demand -- the capacity will grow into the demand as we go forward over time.
Mike Roman: Sure, Nicole. I -- like I highlighted for the broader business, we saw broad-based growth, double-digit growth in our Transportation and Electronics, our Safety and Industrial and our Health Care businesses. Consumer was up mid-single-digits as we came through the quarter. And our growth was led by general industrial, some of the segments that are growing there, including our abrasives portfolio. Auto, OEM had strong growth and electronics. It's an important market for us. It's 10% of our total revenue. It grew over 20% in the first half. Last year, second quarter, we saw 3% growth. So China recovered, if you remember, ahead of other regions around the world. And when you look at the second half, comparisons start to get a little more challenging. And so we're expecting just year-over-year comps, I would say, we expect to see a little more challenge there. We still see opportunities for growth across our businesses in some of the same areas that we've highlighted on a global basis. Automotive will continue to be a focus, penetrating with the OEMs there. And we see -- even though it's our smallest business, we see significant opportunities to serve Chinese consumers through our consumer business, especially in areas like air and water quality. So it's -- we see opportunities, maybe a more challenging year-over-year comp, but still opportunities for growth.
Mike Roman: Yes, Eitan. The priority growth platforms also had strong growth. We talked about it in Q1, second quarter as well. So overall, they were up over 40% in second quarter. Now over $500 million in revenue as a group. And I highlighted a couple of other areas of our businesses that are seeing strong sequential growth and market dynamics that are attractive. So these priority growth platforms broadly are in attractive market spaces. Part of that priority investment in growth that we've been talking about even as we came through 2020, staying focused and aggressively investing in growth areas and PGPs, as we call them, the priority growth platforms, continue to be an important part and performing well.
Mike Roman: Well, we saw, as we said, some strength in the end markets. And I think it's -- the first half, we were up overall, still low teens for the business. And maybe it's -- I would say the -- it was really more of a seasonality than a sequential dynamic. And as we get to the second half, the one other thing I would add, we're going to start to see some more challenging comps. We saw strong growth dynamics, not only in our home improvement and other areas in consumer also in the cleaning supplies business as we went through the pandemic. So that's the other dynamic to watch.
Mike Roman: To wrap up, our second quarter performance was strong, marked by broad-based growth, increased margins and robust cash flow. I'm confident in our ability to continue executing well as we navigate COVID-19 impacts. And we will stay focused on taking advantage of market trends and overcoming supply challenges while continuing to invest in growth, productivity and sustainability. Thank you for joining us.
