Nicholas Gangestad: Thanks Mike. Please turn to Slide 18. Here are our key planning assumptions in 2019. Most of our key assumptions remain unchanged from what we discussed at our November investor day, with the exception of three items. First is the expanded full-year organic growth range that Mike just discussed. Second is in regards to our global pension expense. December’s market volatility lowered our 2019 earnings benefit versus our expectation in November. Lastly, we are now including the estimated full-year growth and earnings impact from the pending MModal acquisition. Other items to note, we are forecasting full-year foreign currency translation to be a 1% headwind to sales but neutral to earnings. Turning to raw materials, we do anticipate higher year-on-year costs, including tariff impacts; however, we continue to expect our selling prices along with our global sourcing team’s ongoing productivity efforts to more than offset the expected raw material headwinds. We estimate the 2019 impact from the pending MModal acquisition net of the communication markets divestiture to be neutral to sales and an earnings headwind of $0.15 per share. We continue to increase our efforts to accelerate benefits from transformation, portfolio and footprint optimization, along with our manufacturing and SG&A productivity. Lastly, we forecast our full-year tax rate to be 20 to 22% versus our 2018 underlying rate of 20%.  I’ll now move to our 2019 capital allocation plan on Slide 19. Our strong operational cash flow fuels our capital allocation plan. We expect another year of strong cash flow from operations with 2019 estimated to be between $9.5 billion and $10.5 billion prior to our investments in R&D and our global pension plans. All in, including cash, marketable securities, and added leverage, our 2019 plan calls for $14.5 billion to $16.5 billion of available capital. Our first priority for capital deployment remains investing in our business, which includes research and development and capex supplemented with acquisitions, while at the same time returning cash to shareholders.  Please turn to Slide 20. Here you can see our 2019 earnings road map based on the key assumptions I just laid out. For 2019, we expect per-share earnings in the range of $10.45 to $10.90, including a negative $0.10 impact from the MModal acquisition. This earnings range represents an increase of 5 to 9% year-on-year compared to our 2018 underlying EPS of $9.96.  To wrap up, fourth quarter was a good finish to 2018. We are focused on executing our four priorities along with delivering on our financial objectives in 2019.  With that, we thank you for your attention and will now take your questions.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes Joe, I would say much of 2018, as well as Q4, has played out exactly how we expected, that we expected fairly significant raw material headwinds that we’ve been more than offsetting throughout the year with our selling price increases, so as I look backwards on ’18, very much how we saw that happening.  As we look forward into 2019, we do see raw material and tariff headwinds continuing, just not at the same level of what we saw in 2018, so you see in our earnings bridge, we’re expecting $0.10 to $0.20 of headwinds, and that’s inclusive of tariffs. In November, when you were with us, I laid out that I expected that to be about $100 million headwind from tariffs. Right now, we put that at about $70 million year-on-year headwind from tariffs, and that’s built into that $0.10 and $0.20, and we remain optimistic that selling prices will more than offset. The last part of that question, the vast majority of our price increases have already been enacted, either late in the second half of 2018 or ones that have already been announced that go into effect early this year, so much of it, if not all of it has already been actioned.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes Andy, one of the first things you should do is just look at--we had a noticeable gain in fourth quarter last year on the sale of our electronic monitoring business within safety and graphics. That’s why we’re explaining that the underlying margin, once we pull that gain out, is down 110 basis points. The two primary things driving that 110 basis point margin contraction, one is that decline in roofing granules, and then we’ve also--as you know, we’ve acquired the Scott Safety business. We continue to take actions to integrate that. We’ve been taking a number of actions, and that continued integration of Scott Safety is the second contributing factor to the margin contraction. Overall, we’re extremely pleased with Scott Safety’s performance, high growth in the quarter, and very pleased with the contribution it’s making to our safety and graphics business.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes Andy, I think it’s still going to be lumpy in 2019, and that’s primarily going to be driven by comps to what we saw in 2018. For the full year, we’re not anticipating that drug delivery in total is going to have a noticeable impact on healthcare’s growth, but as I look at the seasonality of what we’re staring into of comps in drug delivery, we will see it being negative in the first half of the year and likely positive in the second half of the year. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Julian, so far what we’re seeing as a start to this year is very much in line with the guidance that we’ve laid out. Just in terms of how we ended 2018, I’d say as we went through the quarter, things were very much in line with what we were expecting. The only color I’d put is we probably saw some weakening in China as the quarter went on. Now in terms of 2019 and our guidance and what we’re expecting there, things that can impact quarter by quarter, foreign exchange, and I’ll talk this on an EPS basis, we think that’s going to be neutral for the year given where the currencies are, if they stay there, and given our hedging position. I will note that it will be a headwind in the first half of the year, particularly in Q1, and then a tailwind to us in the second half of 2019.  Other things to note, we expect margin expansion throughout the year, full year. Based on our guidance, it pencils out to about 100 basis point margin expansion, and tax rate, the tax rates we expect by quarter, we’re guiding 20 to 22%. I’d expect to see the first quarter closer to the low end of that range and then the other quarters closer to the midpoint or high end of that range.  Then as far as growth that you were asking about, right now our view is we see pretty much all the areas lining up with the ranges that we’ve laid out. I think in the case of China and Asia, where we’re guiding low to mid single digits, if anything I’d expect the first quarter to be the more challenged of those and then progressively better, but I don’t think it’s too much out of the range that we’ve just laid out here, quarter by quarter.
Nicholas Gangestad: Julian, if I break it into the three components you’re asking about, we do see our R&D expense as a percent of revenue going up in 2019. We see our gross margin improving and we see our SG&A percent to revenue going down, so that margin expansion is going to be coming from both gross margin improvements and SG&A productivity. The gross margin improvements, some of that has been going from our transformation, some of it is coming from our footprint actions that we’ve been actioning over the last couple of years, and then on the SG&A front it’s our continued leverage of the productivity through our transformation efforts, that we’ll be continuing to expand margin on that front. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Scott, I wouldn’t call it a material change throughout the year. I’d call it a continued progression of what we were seeing in ’18 into ’19, so there’s not going to be one significant triggering event; but every quarter, additional productivity as we realize those benefits, as we ensure that our supply chain is functioning as we expected, as we’re meeting our customers’ requirements, as we continue to work through those things, we continue to see more and more SG&A opportunity for benefits, but not a cliff. It will just continue to evolve over the next couple years.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, as part of what I’ve shared before, we in 2018 built inventory in anticipation of some of our go-lives for our business transformation ERP deployments, and as we’ve progressed throughout the year, one of the more significant things is that that extra inventory that we’re seeing that’s been impacting our cash flow. It’s one of the things that we are starting to see change in the fourth quarter, and our expectation as we guide 95 to 105% free cash flow conversion in 2019, the expectation that we make even more significant improvements on that going through ’19. So working capital is the biggest thing I’ll call out there, that we see that it’s one of our biggest places for opportunity in our free cash flow conversion. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Steve, I would not be surprised if in the first half of the year, partially based on comps, we’re in the lower half of the range, and in the second half of the range we’re in the upper half of the range. Much of what we have is lined up that way. I don’t see us in negative growth territory in any quarter. The second quarter, the only reason I say that, Steve, is we noted in second quarter last year that we felt there was some pull ahead of revenue from third quarter into second quarter, so we’ll be facing into that comp second quarter of this year.
Nicholas Gangestad: I think taxes typically--our first quarter is typically our lowest tax expense. I do see it a bit more normalized of tax expense if you look quarter by quarter. If you look at 2018, our tax expense in the first quarter was noticeably below the range. I don’t see that happening in first quarter of ’19 - I think it will be in the range, but closer to the low end. Then the other piece, Steve, as I mentioned, FX will be a bit of an abnormal pattern throughout the year, that it will be a headwind to us in the first half, in particular in the first quarter, and then it will be offsetting and flipping, and that’s primarily driven by hedging that we’re seeing. We had hedging losses in 2018, and if currencies stay where they are, they’ll be flipping to hedging gains in 2019.
Nicholas Gangestad: We had hedging losses of approximately a little over $80 million in 2018, and if currencies stayed where they are, they’d be in the $50 million, $60 million, $70 million of gains right now.
Nicholas Gangestad: If I use MModal as an example, that one we see as a $0.10 headwind this year that’s driven by some of our transaction costs one time, some of our integration costs at the beginning of our time of owning it, as well as some ongoing amortization. This particular one, we guided that we think by year three it will be about 10 times--that this would equate to a 10 times EBITDA, so it will be generating $100 million-plus of EBITDA by year three. I’d say that’s not uncommon of what to expect, that often in the first year we want to aggressively integrate whatever we buy into the company to be fully realizing the value model that we can create by having it part of 3M.
Nicholas Gangestad: In terms of what we were anticipating back in November, those three things you just called out, Josh, those would all be tweaks down. As far as tweaks up since November, we’re seeing a less negative environment for raw material prices, that if I had called out specifically back in November what we were expecting for raw material headwinds, I would have been quoting a higher number there, and that’s partially offsetting some of these tweaks down that I’ve laid out. That’s the single biggest one that’s changed.
Nicholas Gangestad: John, I’d estimate that there’s about 200 basis points of us taking specific actions of adjusting our portfolio, of product lines that we’re choosing to exit that are built into that. There will be some carry-forward of that into ’19, but not on as a significant level as what we saw in 2018.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, we’re on track to do that, John. 2019 will be a noticeable year where we’ve done a number of things in ’17 and ’18 to set us up for that. ’19 will be a year of seeing noticeable margin improvement to get us on track to that 20% by 2020.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, if I had shown this, what we expected it look like in November, I would have been showing a higher raw material headwind there as we’ve seen with oil and some of the things that we were expecting on tariffs haven’t turned out quite as bad as what we were estimating. Back in November I said we were confident that we could more than offset whatever we see with raw materials and tariffs with our selling prices, and we remain, I’d say, even more confident on that front.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes Nigel, there’s really not a discernible difference between the margins in the different components there, between our electronics and our energy. They’re very similar, Nigel.
Nicholas Gangestad: When I’m backing out last year, there were one-time costs with Scott, bringing them in, as well as the gain that we had on the sale of our electronic monitoring business. When I go and say it’s 110 basis point underlying margin contraction, that’s already discounting for that piece. Now that we’ve taken that out and it’s part of our ongoing business, we are continuing to take actions in Scott and other parts of our safety and graphics business, but Scott’s the largest one that we’re taking actions on. That’s one of the things that’s behind that.  The other piece that I maybe didn’t highlight clearly enough for you, Nigel, is the sales decline that we’re seeing in roofing granules, that is creating a year-on-year margin contraction in safety and graphics that’s impacting that total. 
Michael Roman: Andrew, if you look at the guidance we have for Asia in our outlook, we see it pretty balanced across the year within those ranges and within that range of guidance. Now, the caution as we start the year is really focused on not so much trade and tariff, but on the impact in end markets that we talked about - automotive and electronics are the focus for the slower, more cautious view as we look to 2019. So, I think as we get a better view of what’s going to go on in those end markets, that would change where we are in the range, but I think that balance across the year is the way I’d have you think about it.
Michael Roman: This is--as you said, Andrew, this is still a priority and we’re committed to this. It’s what drives our differentiation, our innovation in 3M, and if you look at where we are in the quarter, we saw some impact from the contract R&D work that we do for customers and I would say the divestiture of the communication markets, so those are a few of the things that kept us a little lower in the quarter. We are committed to driving that model, that 6% R&D and the investment in capex that goes along with it. If you look at 2018, we actually did have an increase in headcount, so it’s a better reflection maybe of our commitment to that ongoing investment.
Michael Roman: Joe, we talked about this a bit at the third quarter call that we saw some slowing in China as we went into Q4, and automotive was one of the things that we talked about. That said, we saw additional slowing as we exited the quarter, and you see it in the projection for build rates, the updated view of the build rates in the quarter and then the projection for where things are going in 2019, there’s just caution. There’s a revision down. It’s not a huge step down, but it’s a revision down in the first half of the year really driven by China, so I would say some additional slowing in the outlook for build rates in automotive. Electronics - you know, it held up well in the quarter, we had a good solid finish for that business. In fact, if you look at 2018, we were right in the range for what we were expecting in the electronics markets, and we had a cautious outlook as we went through the year. I think you see it with the OEMs in that market, they’re signalling a cautious view, and it’s more for first quarter than it was necessarily impacting Q4 of ’18.
Michael Roman: Andy, let me clarify - negative comps from drug delivery. We’re not seeing the healthcare business negative in the first half. 
Michael Roman: John, I would say we came out of Q4 pretty balanced across the businesses in channel. It’s something we watch very closely - you know, we’re watching sell-in, sell-out, and it looks to be pretty balanced. I would say with a word of caution around the end markets that are slowing - that always puts a focus on channel, so when you look at what’s going on automotive and electronics, we’re watching that closely and making sure that we have a good view of what’s going on there. But as we exited ’18, it looked to be a pretty good balance, and that’s not just true of those specific end markets but across broader industrial and even across the consumer business as well.
Michael Roman: Yes, I think what I said about the broader industrial is true for automotive aftermarket as we come out of ’18 as well - pretty balanced across the channel. That said, what we called out there, the consolidation, that’s something that is ongoing. We saw a significant impact as we went through the first part of the year. I think that’s something that can continue, so that’s another one of those impacts on channel inventory that we watch as we see consolidation. But coming out of the year, pretty balanced in automotive aftermarket as well.
Michael Roman: If you think about personal safety, it’s been a leader for us in growth over the last two years - ’17 and ’18, both strong growth, and that’s really, I think, a testament to the organic priorities that we put there and the leading position that we’ve been able to develop organically, and then also the acquisitions that have complemented that portfolio well. It positions us well in the marketplace where the growth is happening, and so we continue to see leading growth for the company and we have a very strong portfolio and position for our customers. I expect--you know, it’s a larger business and it’s a very strong contributor to our growth as we move ahead, so I expect it to continue to lead in its market.
Michael Roman: Yes, I think Scott Safety, it goes back to what I was talking about with the safety business in general. When we’re bringing together those complementary portfolios, it’s been a really, I think, a win-win for us as we’ve integrated the teams together, that we can go out with leading solutions and combine those, and that’s having a noticeable impact. It’s certainly energized the teams and it’s had some impact on the business. I think we had a number of projects come together in Q4 - that was part of it as well, so we certainly saw positive timing impacting it, but we are seeing a lift from having our leading personal safety portfolio combining with Scott Safety and Capital Safety, for that matter, and bringing those into the marketplace together.
Michael Roman: Scott, maybe to add to that, we have a value realization map, and as we deploy and we stabilize, we get benefits from that as we take better advantage of our service models that we put in place, we get benefit. But we’re also--you know, we talked about this in the investor day, really doubling down on leveraging the new capabilities we have, and that gives you a steady opportunity to drive productivity. That’s what I think you’ll see, and that’s the next point - it’s going to be a steady progression as we take full advantage of the capabilities that we’re putting in place.
Michael Roman: Deane, this has been an evolving story and we’ve talked a lot about the channel and the restructuring that’s going on there. We see it as a sell-in, sell-out kind of story. Even through that transformation, we were seeing sell-out for our portfolio still being positive. We were seeing negative sell-in as we saw the restructuring of the channel and inventory coming out. Certainly ecommerce is another growth platform for that portfolio and we continue to do very well there in that category - it’s a strong growth driver for that business, so as we came through ’18, we started to see the balance between sell-out and sell-in come a little closer, so we saw some positive growth on the sell-in, and again the sell-out remaining still strong. So as we get into ’19, the story will be what additional structure or changes will happen in the channel, how does that shift. We’re going to continue to be focused on the end user and driving that demand and driving that sell-out, and I think we’ll continue to drive positive growth from that over the long run.
Michael Roman: Deane, we certainly had some tough comps as we came through the second half of ’18, and with an improvement in air quality you saw that play out as part of the slowing that we saw in China in the second half of the year and impacted those businesses related to it as well. When we go into ’19, we still see some comp in the first half of the year, but it gets a little more normalized and it will depend on what happens to air quality as we move ahead, does it continue to see an improvement. But the base for it gets more in line with what we saw in ’18 as we go through ’19.
Michael Roman: Josh, we watch that closely and it’s part of what we look at in the channel - you know, when we see these macro changes, are they impacting the pre-buy. We didn’t see that as we came through the quarter, and as Nick said, the quarter progressed the way we expected. It’s not just watching from a distance - we’re close with those partners, and we didn’t have any indication of that happening, certainly not at any significant level.
Michael Roman: John, maybe I’ll take that. If you look at the business, our electronic materials business has got the semiconductor piece of it. It’s not the largest piece of that. When you look at that, we’ve got other businesses in there. We’ve got materials into consumer electronics, we have assembly solutions, but a big portion of it goes into semicon. We certainly expected to see some slowing as we went through the quarter. As Nick talked about, they were in line, that business was in line with the overall 3% growth that we saw in the quarter. Going forward, there’s more caution in that marketplace and the semiconductor manufacturers are part of that, so I would say it was less of an impact on Q4 but more of part of the caution as we guide going into ’19.
Michael Roman: Laurence, talking about Latin America first, we saw broader based growth in Latin America across our portfolio, both Brazil and Mexico, the largest countries there, performing well as we came through Q4. It was pretty balanced and pretty broad-based in portfolio and growth, and we have that same kind of outlook as we look to 2019.  To your question about the supply chain and are we seeing changes there, it’s certainly something we watch for. We expect the supply chain to react over time as tariffs come into play. We haven’t seen a significant impact to that at this point - it just hasn’t shown up that way. We watch it closely with the customer and we’re connected with them on the design and specification of our products, and that includes pretty good visibility on the supply chain. We just haven’t seen it react that strongly to this point.
Michael Roman: Yes, we highlighted the good performance from energy markets in Q4, and we have an outlook for that to continue as we go into 2019, so I would say that is more of the same. The electronics, we’ve been coloring that all morning based on the outlook in the end markets, so I would say that’s the one that we’re a little more cautious about. Energy looks pretty stable as we go into the year, but both of them contributing, I would say, evenly across the year, with that kind of caution on the end markets in play. 
Michael Roman: Thank you. In summary, the fourth quarter capped another year of significant accomplishments for 3M as we posted good results while strengthening our company for the long term. Moving ahead, we are focused on executing our four priorities and delivering for our customers and shareholders in 2019. Thank you again for joining us this morning, and have a good day.
