Inge Thulin: Thank you, Nick. As you can see, there is a lot to like this quarter across the entire company. In industrial for example automotive volumes grew four times the rate of global (automobiles) [ph]. And in 3M purification formally known as CUNO, organic growth was 13% and we see this business accelerating in many areas of the world. I am encouraged by the growth in consumer of the modest first quarter which includes a nice improvement in the United States. Our home improvement division together with consumer healthcare and homecare all showed good growth. Our safety and graphic business performed well. Personal safety for example grew 9% globally including more than 25% in China. In healthcare, we continue to expand worldwide with 12% growth in developing markets this quarter. I am pleased that all healthcare businesses grew on a global basis. Finally in electronics and energy, our portfolio management actions continue to payoff. Over the past couple of years, we have consolidated several divisions to better align with customers and improved our competitiveness. Those actions along with strong volumes drove margins higher in the second quarter. Through six months, margins were 19% and we expect the full year to trend towards 20%. So overall I want to thank our entire 3M team for delivering another strong broad based performance. And going forward we will continue to gain even more value through our three strategic levels; portfolio management, investing in innovation and business transformation. Those levels are helping us deliver solid results today while also building a stronger foundation for long term success. Thank you for your attention. And with that we now welcome your questions. 
Inge Thulin: Hi Scott, this is Inge. When you think about our business group in industrial that’s the biggest business group for us and also the business group that we are historically and still today entering first when we go into new markets based on the size and scale and so forth and that’s the way we have talked about how we build out businesses from infrastructure, industrial, safety, consumer and healthcare, as the economies evolve. So if you think about that business on a global scale the way we operate it, that’s like 32% of total company. When you go to developing economies, it’s slightly more, it’s 35%-36% and then you go to emerging market which is closer I would say to 45%. So when we looked upon it and yes as you said -- so why was this happening. The real reason there is actually they have a bigger slowdown in the emerging market in the developing world. So I am not concerned at all about it, in fact when I looked upon industrial in terms of the growth which is the important element, we saw 5% growth in United States, we saw 5% in Europe Middle East Africa and we saw 11% in China. So when I looked upon it overall I am pleased with industrial but the reason is the 30 basis point as you call out and then as that portfolio in that type of emerging market as we all know at the moment there is some small turbulence I would say if you think about Central East Europe we have a little bit of the impact in Latin America, et cetera, that’s the reason. But I am not concerned and I don’t think you should be concerned either. We have a very good team there that are running those businesses very well. And so automotive very good, purification again a fantastic quarter, so all core businesses are doing well there.
Inge Thulin: Yes, well, first of all, there is the macro picture and then how we expect to perform in that world, if you think. So, first of all, I will say, in West Europe, if you think about us, we guided a year from flat to 3% and we came out first quarter with three, actually this quarter more or less the same and we still think that that will be the range for us for the year. So, that’s a little bit on the positive side for us in terms of our execution. In Asia, we saw a slight improvement in China, or what I would call base business and for me, then base business, yes, so we talk the same languages if I take out electronics because that is moving around in Asia in between countries. Our base business in China consecutive went from 8% to 10%, and has a big improvement versus a year ago. And our Japanese business in fact in total grew 7%. And if you, again, look upon the base, that was 2%. So I will say Asia is going sideways slightly up; West Europe as we expected, United States, small strength; and we had a better second quarter than first. And as you recall I said at that time, I am not concerned about U.S., because I had a feeling it will come back in the second and that was correct. I think the place where we see a little bit of modest challenge is Latin America where we said before for the year 8 to 11 and we think now may be mid digit for the year. So, slightly down but it’s offset for us by other regions of the world. So, I think that’s what we are saying still 3 to 6, so I will say that I don’t see much of a movement versus what we have talked about earlier. Latin America slightly slower, West Europe slightly better, U.S. slightly better and also big geographical areas, so that will compensate more what you can see as I will identify as a temporarily slowdown in Latin America.
Inge Thulin: Yes, first of all as you recall we looked upon our portfolio, it’s almost two years ago now and we consolidated many businesses that was related to electronic and energy in the company that in some cases we had in different components of the company. So, we streamlined organization and consolidate in order for us to be faster to market and be able to respond to the customer need. So, we did that and we combined the division and the outcome of that is that we got a lower infrastructure to work with. We have got better utilization of assets and we are faster to respond to markets and we have moved, I will say from in some cases product sales to more system sales which is now paying off. So, I think we had 11% growth in electronics and a lot of that is coming to the new approach with this display material system division that is now selling components into solution for the electronic market.  So, I would say it’s a combination of efficiency into organization, better utilization in manufacturing and then we had the volume upticks that came direct on based on the work we're doing with the customer. So, if you think about where we have taken that business for the last 18 months or so from 15 to 17 and actually this quarter we did over 20. But the plan is to go towards 20 and that’s where we are for the year. I think the plan is 19 plus and I think that’s where it will end up for the remainder of the year and certainly will be a good year for that group. And they have really responded well to our portfolio management initiatives.
Inge Thulin: Well, we have a very strong position in that business historically. It’s a fantastic platform for us and is very global in scope and we are, I will say the leader in that whole space relative to respiratory protection. It’s sustainable and I think the trends are positive for us and if you think about some parts of the world where it's very strong regulations like United States and West Europe and so forth and we're doing well there. And then you have I will say developing economies and I will put China into developing economies. So, if you think about China in terms of mega trends in China that’s -- its air pollution, its water and its food safety. When air pollution is playing very well to our very strong position in this business, so when you see 9% growth for quarter, 25 plus in China, this is sustainable as a business on a global space. And one of the reasoning, we have scale and we have a very professional team in place and it’s a regulatory business, so it’s good for us, generally speaking -- regulated business.
Inge Thulin: We don’t hold back on any investment relative to our growth, so there we continue them as we have laid out. But again for me this is a positive sign relative to the operation here in terms of in some cases better utilization around the world. And if you think about our strategies, the fourth strategy that as we laid out where we talk about intensified capabilities to achieve regional sales sufficiency, I think we’ve been able to start to move in that direction. But it’s too early to change the model by definition but I think as this year, this is what it look for us and then we think is the right time now, we have to correct that for the year.
Inge Thulin: I think we just would like to keep the flexibility as we go here. So the way I think about it and we think about, we’re like six months into the year and we would like to keep the flexibility as we go. There is just two more quarters and we were able hopefully to talk more about it on the next quarter as we move ahead.
Inge Thulin: Well, I think first of all that what we call now purification right is a business that during the last couple of years really improved for us, so let’s put out a little bit of perspective, you talk about when we purchased that the multiple was high and so forth, right. I think initially when that was purchased, we didn’t integrated fast enough into 3M, so if you think about what we are looking for as fundamental growth drivers for every business is around technology, manufacturing, global capabilities and brands. Those are the things that we need to capture when we purchase something. I think in that case we hold and that’s now many years ago but I think we hold it aside too long before we really start to drive the value that 3M will add in those four categories. The last three years that have now taken place and they have done a fantastic job in my mind relative to efficiency and operational excellence, consolidation of manufacturing start to lay in some of the technologies that can help them and then start to use the global capabilities in terms of our footprint. That’s why you now see quarter-on-quarter sequential good growth, there were 13% this quarter was very similar first quarter of this year and in many market we see huge opportunities as we go ahead based on our current portfolio. It’s always difficult to give you a figure as you look upon it but again I go back and say that it’s clear that clean water and clear air is a very important element in most parts of the world and specifically I will say in developing world. And that’s also where we see a fantastic growth rate for this business, so this is a very good space for us and I am very pleased where we stand today with that business and we will continue to invest as we go ahead for more growth and also efficiency into organization.
Inge Thulin: Well let’s start with what we call China, Hong Kong in terms of that operation. We had in this quarter we moved from Q1, 8% growth to 10% growth in the quarter for China and if you compare that on that base business that was only 1% Q2 last year. So, year-over-year good improvement and over last quarter also slight improvement, so that’s moving forward positively and again you see in businesses there that you take industrial was 13% growth in the quarter, healthcare was 17%, consumer and office 20% and you have safety and graphics just over 10%. So, it’s moving ahead very well and I think we are past the time where China was a 25% growth for the quarter but we are running that now at 10% with slight uptick, so that’s good and we feel good about where we stand today in China. Relative to the energy piece, there is some tender business going on in that business and that can hit us a little bit short, you saw telecom had 4% growth and then some of the other businesses was down but it was not much big figures on the downside. And there is some, I will say tenders that is going because some it is government related and utility related, so it can move a little bit in between quarters but nothing to be really concerned about. And we have one of our Heartland divisions is part of that, so it was not much down, just a little bit. We're very pleased that telecom grew 4% that was a good figure for us.
Inge Thulin: But if Jeff your question was the longer term, it was a little hard to tell on our end. We have talked about a longer term opportunity in working capital but it’s that bigger win is not something we’d expect in the next year or two necessarily. We’ve sized that above 500 million.
Inge Thulin: Well, first of all, that’s an integration into our healthcare -- health information system, so that business have been growing, the health information system have been growing very well for us the last five to 10 years. And you should think about it in terms of that this acquisition is actually an addition in order for us to get more relevance into different parts of the segment.  So health information system today is a growing business and we are doing that for providers in coding, grouping and analytics. And that’s to the hospital providers. Now we will get access to vast set of payers that then they can help to connect the two of them. So as the model is moving from volume base to quality outcome this is what will help, so I will look upon it as an integrated part of the current business we have and it’s a relatively small business as you know. So, it’s more for us to be able to get access and connect the two entities together.
Inge Thulin: Yes, Latin America, first of all we have probably the best portfolio mix in that part of the world, and so we feel very good relative to our overall platform as we move ahead and as you know we have been doing business in Latin America since I think 1946 was when we started in Brazil. When you look upon it now, there was a little bit of temper specifically in Brazil I will say, Brazil was flat to down, Mexico was up 12%. So, I would say Brazil had an impact for different reasons and then for us at least what we are selling personal safety into the mining was also on the lower end. So, I think that Brazil was for us the downturn this quarter specifically and then Canada was flat. You have Latin America/Canada together, Canada flat, Brazil down, most other up and Mexico up 12%. But as I said this is a part of the world that is the most developed of our developing regions and we know how to do business there. So, step up for me always when I look upon Latin America over the years and I follow that as I led international for eight years before I came into this job. We have a constant growth over time in Latin America but that could be a little bit of dip in a quarter but that’s not the overall concern for us. We are just short term stay the course and capitalize on the future.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Steve, this is Nick. You are correct, we said that’s approximately an $0.08 benefit over the 12 months and we are expecting this to close on September 1. At this point, we felt it was premature to up our -- change our guidance at this point we’re halfway through the year, everything's going right down the middle of what we’re expecting. And just as this is a slight upside to our original expectation we have other things that are on a slight negative, for example, FX impact. We started the year thinking that would be flat to hurting us by $0.05 we’re now in the $0.07-$0.08 range of impact. So, all in all, we think everything is staying very close to our original guidance.
Nick Gangestad: Nigel, on the raw material front, we’ve been seeing our raw material prices in aggregate drop between 1.5% and 2%. We saw that in the first two quarters of the year. We expect that to continue and if you think back to the guidance we gave at the beginning of the year, we expect the raw materials to benefit us by $0.05 to $0.15 for the year. We still see ourselves in that range probably tracking closer to the high end in that range.
Nick Gangestad: And Nigel to add, this is Nick. I want to add one point on that. The 30 basis point increase in spending that we’re seeing in our five businesses are from spending that we are now putting into the businesses to do this and this is not a shift between corporate miscellaneous and the businesses. If you’re looking at the corporate miscellaneous piece, the year-on-year change there is really driven by a reduction in our pension expense largely as we had laid out at the beginning of the year.
Nick Gangestad: No, there is nothing out of the ordinary there, Jeff, that’s happening on a dilution basis. We did pick up our activity some in the first half of the year, we saw it as good opportunity and on the dilution front very-very similar to trends to what we’ve seen in the last year.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Joe thanks for that question, for the quarter on the top-line we really saw no impact from FX, everything netted out to nothing. What we're seeing is a negative impact on our margin this year, year-on-year is a fact that we had significant hedging gains a year ago as part of our strategy and the lack of those gains is causing that margin year-on-year erosion, margin erosion, really has nothing to do with 2014. It has to do with the gain we took last year on our hedging.
Nick Gangestad: As we've said last quarter about half of our price we really see as currency related and we think that will be running its course soon. We instituted a lot of price increases related to currency in the middle of last year and so that’s the primary driver why we're saying we expect that price growth to moderate in the last half of 2014.
Nick Gangestad: I appreciate that question because it gives me a chance to make it clear here that the benefits we see on raw materials are not just a passive benefit that 3M gets by being in the market. There are some benefits we get thanks to the market but a lot of this, Steve, is driven by what our sourcing team is doing in 3M to bring about those benefits. So, of that total 1.2%, 1.3% benefit that we're seeing in the second quarter, there is a portion of that that’s raw materials probably a little less than half of that that’s raw material driven. And that raw material portion is made up of several components. One is just outright market conditions where we're enjoying that benefit. Second is what we're doing from a 3M perspective to drive those benefits and use our power in the market to benefit there and then the third is, there is a portion of that that involves us substituting one raw material for another to 3M's advantage. So it’s a broad perspective of what’s driving that number, Steve.
Nick Gangestad:: Steve I appreciate the question. Our business model, over a longer period of time as we invest between 4.5% and 5% of revenue in CapEx, and we started the year with an estimate on the high end of that range. As we’ve gone through the year and we’re seeing those benefits which I talked about earlier, we’re seeing an opportunity that we don’t need some of the capital that we started out the year anticipating we may need. There is really I would say Steve, to your question should we change the modeling going forward, no. We’re basically in that 4.5% to 5% range and we expect to stay there. As temporary what we’re seeing of the benefits this year and really reflects great results that the team is doing so far this year.
Nick Gangestad:: Well, Deane, our strategic investments come in -- there is multiple categories there, one is our invest in innovation as you’re alluding to, and that is still an investment mode where we’re working to develop those new technologies for the future and we’re not expecting an accretive benefit to growth from those investments in 2014 and little in 2015.  For the rest of our strategic investment that we’ve talked about, part of that is restructuring and part of that is our incremental investment in business transformation and ERP. Those are tracking approximately where we’ve expected on the restructuring front where about halfway through the year and where we’ve spent about half of what we expect to spend for the year on restructuring. Benefits in the last half of the year, we still see in low single-digit millions of dollars, we expect more benefit from that into the tens of millions of dollars in 2015.
Nick Gangestad:: Yes Jeff, on the cash flow and the working capital managing our inventory continues to be one of our important priorities and improving our inventory churns making some progress there we expect more progress on that in the coming quarters. Specifically to your question about business transformation ERP and the impact that could be having over the long term we are convinced that where we’re going with business transformation and ERP that we have significant opportunities to improve our working capital and in particular inventory management and generate benefits there. In the short term in particular in the second quarter with some of our go live activity we had there was minimal I’ll call it in the $10 million to $30 million increased inventory in some of the channel in anticipations of go live activity.
Nick Gangestad:: I think it’s around half, Steve, as we looked at the raw material deflation this quarter. Yes, you could think of it and it varies a little bit from period to period, but it’s about half market and half due to the additional value we can add.
Nick Gangestad:: You start on the inventory side. We don’t see any build up in the channel so I think that it’s at a normal level as in the past. So if we start there based on your last point of your question, otherwise I will say look it like you can think about it in normal way all the season, but also for us we work with all suppliers in that industry. And it will all be dependent on the end market demand in the end, so for us definitely will be the growth driver or less growth driver as we move head. But I don’t think there is any change for us at this point in time relative to the outlook for the growth of electronics and energy in that business.
Nick Gangestad:: No, I think -- you can think about it in the following way. If you go back to 2013, first half we had 2% organic local currency growth. Second part, we had 4%. First part of this year, we are close to 5. And I think you should think about this we move ahead for the year that based on the range we’re giving is 3 to 6, so I think it would be very much in that range for the last quarter.
