Inge Thulin: No, it's not. I would be in July as well, and I own the next quarter as well, so I'm not going away.
Inge Thulin: Yes, Mike is here, so he will give some comments around that. But yes, a couple of comments. The transition is going very well. Mike, first of all, we have worked together for many years, as you know. First time we worked together was back in Europe early 2000, so I think 2003 and so. And then Mike was also working with me on the strategies that were laid out in 2012 and 2013. And currently, we talk every day. I feel like we text every hour and are totally aligned to what needs to be done. But he's here, so he should make some comments relative to his initial thought and so forth. But most importantly, he is very much focused on delivering Q2 together with all of us and of course, also what we did in Q1. So Mike, if you like to add some comment on...
Inge Thulin: This is Inge. One more comment, yes, around that business group because I think it's important when you talk about volume going forward and so forth. You have to remind yourself and we have to remind ourself the work that's been done relative to the portfolio. So if you go back many years ago -- now if we had tougher growth rate moving forward, we were really challenged on the margin side. And you can see now, quarter after quarter after quarter, and now a couple of years, that the structure is right and the relevance for the market is correct for us. So the margins is now very positive for us and on a high end even for the enterprise and it's sustainable as we move ahead. And I think that's the important element of that business as part of 3M. We manage that now very, very well despite some up and downs in volumes where -- because we know there is some business there that is more volatile, right? But I think the portfolio work now has put us in a place where we feel very, very good quarter-by-quarter in order to be able to deliver the return to you.
Inge Thulin: Thank you. As I look at our first quarter performance, there are many positives, broad-based growth across all business groups, which included strong pricing, expanded margins and a double-digit increase in EPS. Equally important, we continue to evolve and build out our enterprise for long-term success. 3M is strong and we have the experience, market position and capabilities to continue delivering sustained profitable growth in 2018 and well into the future. Thank you for listening, and have a good day.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, Scott. What seeing in price in the Electronics and Energy business, I'd say there's no discernible trend of it getting better or worse. It's typically a slight decline in price as we compete on the electronics side of the business. We've been seeing that and we continue to expect that going forward, but not a trend of it accelerating down nor accelerating up. It's pretty constant, Scott.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, Joe. You're picking up on those two points accurately. We see ourselves as off to a good start with our selling prices with it up 70 basis points and positive across all geographies. And for the year, we expect price growth to remain strong and that it will more than offset raw material inflation. But to that end, on raw material inflation, we are seeing more -- some increases in raw material prices. In fact, more than what we originally estimated when we gave the guidance back in December is particularly around crude derivatives and transportation and logistics expenses. For the year, we're still expecting our stronger price growth to more than offset the raw materials. And if you think back to the guidance that we set out for raw materials, and this may answer a little bit of Steve's earlier question too, we started the year expecting raw materials, commodity prices to be about a push, somewhere between a $0.05 benefit to a $0.05 headwind, depending on -- net of the projects that we do to offset that. Right now, we see that's somewhere between a $0.05 to $0.10 headwind. So that's part of what we're seeing impacting our earnings for the year. But that's being more than offset by the higher pricing that we're now also expecting for the year.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. Steve, as I look out over the rest of the year, April, we're seeing off to a strong and expected start for us. So as I look at the 3 remaining quarters of the year, I don't really see any discernible trend difference amongst those 3. All of them coming in, in line now with our expected 3% to 4% organic growth for the year. I don't really see any lumpiness there.
Nicholas Gangestad: Other than the one thing we mentioned with the timing of Easter, that's -- as far as anything else seasonal, I don't think we see anything like that, Steve.
Nicholas Gangestad: Rob, one of the bigger things in there that you may not be seeing visibility to is what FX is doing to our gross margin. Clearly, we get some benefit to our earnings per share from a weaker U.S. dollar, but that's partially offset by our hedging strategy that offsets some of our risk from FX. All of those hedging losses become part of our cost of goods sold. And that brought down gross margin in 20 -- in the first quarter of 2018 as well as bringing down operating margin by 40 basis points.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, it will vary depending where we are in the cycle with FX movements. Right now, we're at a point where we're going against a comp a year ago where we were having hedging gains. Now we're having hedging losses with the weaker U.S. dollar. So I can't put out one metric like that because it will vary quarter-to-quarter.
Nicholas Gangestad: Deane, this is Nick. Deane, I'll just add one thing. I think you're aware, our strategy in China has been we are putting local manufacturing there that we manufacture within China for our Chinese customers. And that's -- we think that's one other layer of protection we have in our strategy as we execute that in China.
Nicholas Gangestad: Deane, I'm not updating the expected range on leverage. I would say M&A is the biggest variable on what that -- where we'll end up with added leverage, and that's difficult to estimate the timing of that. The range we're seeing right now is our best estimate, the one we communicated in December. This adjustment in share buyback level doesn't impact our total estimated leverage that we expect to add for the year.
Nicholas Gangestad: Julian, for the year, we're -- we still estimate our productivity level at how we originally estimated that in December. Looking at first quarter with our margins and the underlying productivity, our margins at 23%, underlying productivity was positive. But for the year, we expect that to improve going forward. Our lower volumes in the first quarter, we think, were one of the factors causing productivity to be slightly lower than what we're estimating for the total year. And as the year goes on, we're confident that we'll have productivity in the levels we estimated in December.
Michael Roman: Yes. Scott, that's where I would start to. I'm focused on delivering 2018 starting with Q2 now. So over those 15 years, I really enjoyed working with Inge. Especially the last six years, I've been proud to be part of his leadership team that has helped advance the company. And I -- we've accomplished a lot under his leadership. And so I would say what I focus on is the things that we've been building and really, where we have a lot of similarities, and our focus is on our playbook. And the commitment to that playbook, including the opportunities we have in Portfolio Management and the innovation in Business Transformation as we move ahead. So that's where the focus is right now.
Michael Roman: Yes, Steve. The EPS change in guidance really is a result of what we're doing on the adjustment to our outlook for organic growth and really making that adjustment from 3% to 5% to 3% to 4% and doing that, really focused on those businesses and markets where we saw some of the specific market softness as we came through Q1.
Michael Roman: Yes. If you look at West Europe, organic growth came in as expected. And I would say -- come back to what we talked about in the past, that we're taking portfolio and footprint actions in West Europe to improve our growth in margins. And we're going to continue to do that. It's our part of our plan and our focus on delivering on that 20% income margin by 2020, and so that's built in. We still see West Europe tracking with our expectations to be low single digits.
Michael Roman: Well, I think we called out several specific markets. So automotive aftermarket, oral care and I would say, our consumer electronics is tracking as we expected as we come into the year.
Michael Roman: Joe, I would tell you, back to March, we started to see the softness in Q1 coming through as we went through the month and we signaled that. And it was -- even at that point, it was specific to the market segments that we called out, and those played out as we thought they would through March. If you look at April, April is starting in line with our expectations. And so I think that the adjustment to the range was really looking to those specific markets that we saw coming through Q1, and we expect to see some improvement in a couple of those areas, but it's really -- that's what's driving the adjustment.
Michael Roman: Yes. Thank you, Andy. You look at Health Care, we had good growth in our medical consumables business, our food safety, our health information systems businesses, and we expect that trend to continue as we go through the year. Oral care was flat. We did see good growth internationally, especially in developing economies, but that was offset by some softness in the U.S. So if you look at that playing out, we expect to see some improvement there. But that is what's pulling down the organic growth in the first quarter. And we also -- our drug delivery business, as you know, was a project-based business and that can be up and down quarter-to-quarter and we saw Q1 down year-on-year against a strong comp that we had last year. So those -- was maybe more of a first quarter issue, but oral care flat was the real focus.
Michael Roman: Yes. As you heard, we had good growth in abrasives and industrial adhesives and tapes and in auto OEM over build rates. And all of those were part of that price performance as well. So I think that's a broad part of our portfolio, and that didn't see any volume fall off because of price. In automotive aftermarket, which was the decline in Q1, we saw strong growth in our products and solutions for retail. Car care was really the declines in auto body, and so it was a very specific market. And we saw no indications of a pull-in ahead of any price increases and really no changes. It was just a soft market for us as we went through that quarter. So it was really that. So I think we continue to see strong growth across the broader industrial portfolio.
Michael Roman: So Rob, again, I go back to -- we do see broad growth relative to those markets and overall economic backdrop. And so I think it's really isolated to specific market segments, and that's what we're seeing in the U.S. right now. And it's really been -- when you look broadly across the portfolio in the U.S., it's automotive aftermarkets, it's oral care and it's a couple of project-based businesses. We have some year-over-year comps with a couple of project-based businesses. Those are not price value kinds of changes.
Michael Roman: So Deane, I would say we saw broad-based growth in China, as you heard. And it was led again by our domestic-facing businesses, talked a bit about the trend here and how we're taking advantage of that. So health care, personal safety, some of the domestic-facing parts of our industrial businesses, industrial adhesives and tapes was a strong grower. We also are seeing continued strength in some key trends that are -- we're really taking advantage over their innovations, so air quality, water quality, food safety. And as we start the year, electronics has been in line with the broader China growth. So broad-based growth, led with that broader portfolio in the domestic businesses. When you look at the contingency plans for all the things that we can face in a particular market, that part of it is our broader portfolio and how we think about it with our different customer set. But I -- right now, we see we're well positioned with the China markets and the China customers to be in a good position, whatever the outcome is for -- or the outlook is for the economy there.
Michael Roman: Yes. So I would say, Julian, that outlook, as we laid it out at the beginning of the year, it's playing out pretty much in line with that when you look at consumer electronics. We had strong growth in data centers and semiconductor markets, and we see robust demand for our products, our fluids solutions, our interconnect solutions in those markets. And that's offset by that, consumer electronics and the demand we see in those markets. And it -- but that's playing out as expected. And so we're right in our range for what we thought we would be doing as we come through the year.
Michael Roman: Yes. So Laurence, on the construction side, so we continue to see strong growth from our home improvement business out of our Consumer Business Group, and that is -- a big part of that is the construction, the growth we see in construction. And the businesses that buy through that channel is -- has been increasing and is being a big, important part of that channel. It's a mix of strong growth in that markets as well as the products that we are bringing to them. I -- we put a lot of innovation into that part of the -- our portfolio, have expanded it and we position ourselves well for the growth that's coming in that end market. So Laurence, just on your second question, back to your second question, on the follow-up to the NRD settlement. We are the process of implementing the grant to the state, and we're working closely with the State of Minnesota, as expected. We are -- we think we've got focus there and well positioned as we move ahead.
Michael Roman: No, this is a unique situation. This is our home state and something that we've been working on with them for a number of years. So this is a unique situation in both the nature of the case as well as the grant and the process that we're working through with them.
Michael Roman: Yes. Jeff, as you look at the U.S., that was actually one of the strengths of our consumer business as we came through Q1. We saw stronger growth there. And as we talked about, it was led by home improvement, but our home care business was also positive. We continue to see some slight declines in our office channel, but it was broad based, stronger growth in the U.S. market. So no, very much in line with improvements in low GDP and outlook for retail spending.
Michael Roman: It's interesting. The channel for oral care has become more efficient over time. They really changed how they manage it. You see that in maybe our balance in the channel and how our sell in and sellout is balanced in the channel. So we continue to work with, I would say, the changes that -- kind of the constant change that's going on in our commerce channels more broadly. We see that across many of our businesses, oral care included. So I think that's -- our focus always is creating new models to serve our customers. We're focused on those end use customers and we work with our channel partners through their changes and really through new models that come as well. So we're focused on a broad range of strategies there in oral care and beyond.
