Inge Thulin: Thank you, Nick. The fourth quarter was a strong ending to an equally strong year. In 2017 we executed a 3M playbook and deliver on each of our four long-term financial metrics which we laid out at our Investor Day in March 2016. We posted earnings of $9.17 per share, a 12% increase year-on-year. Organic growth was a robust 5% with positive growth across all business groups and geographic areas. We posted free cash flow conversion of 100% along with a return on invested capital of 21%, and for the fourth consecutive year we expanded margins companywide coming in at 25% in 2017. Beyond these financial results we continued to make good progress on our three key levers which are significant value creators. The first lever is portfolio management. In October we finalized the acquisition of Scott Safety as we continue to build strings-on-strings in our personal safety portfolio. At the same time we divested four businesses that no longer align with our strategic objectives. Portfolio management is strengthening our competitiveness and making us even more relevant to our customers and the marketplace. I will move onto investing and innovation which is the second lever. 3M's primary growth metric is organic local currency sales growth as we invent unique solutions that advance, enhance and improve outcomes for our customers. That is why research and development is the heartbeat of 3M; and in 2017 we invested $1.9 billion in R&D or 6% of sales. And as you can see in our results, these investments are paying off in terms of organic growth and also our premium margins and return on invested capital. Business transformation is the third lever which starts and ends with our customers. The rollout of ERP system in West Europe is nearly complete and we have started initial deployments in the United States. I'm pleased with how our teams around the world are executing business transformation which is already benefiting our customers and 3M. In summary, 2017 was a strong year for our enterprise and we are positioned to build on our momentum and deliver another successful performance in 2018. Please turn to Slide 16; here you see our updated planning estimates for 2018. We now anticipate earnings of $10.20 to $10.70 per share, up from the previous range of $9.60 to $10. Our tax rate is expected to be 20% to 22% versus the prior range of 26% to 27%. The remainder of our guidance is unchanged. Organic growth is expected in the range of 3% to 5% and we continue to anticipate strong performance in terms of both return on invested capital and free cash flow conversion. Please turn to Slide 17; for more than a century the strings of 3M business model has enabled us to invest in the business while also returning cash to our shareholders; this has included a strong steady and rising dividend which is a hallmark of our enterprise. Over the last five years we have doubled 3M's special dividend and today we are announcing a 16% increase in our first quarter dividend for 2018 to $1.36 per share. This marks 60 consecutive years of dividend increases and reflects confidence in our ability to continue generating premium returns in 2018 and beyond. With that I thank you for your attention and we will now take your questions.
Inge Thulin: First of all, we are very pleased with the momentum we see in that business and you see those multiple things that is moving us forward and it's all coming back to the way we have repositioned the portfolio in the past. We are coming off stronger in the end of the year than we went into the year for 2017. As Nick said in his remarks, we continue to be expecting on multiple platforms and that should of course reflect more growth as we go. It's too early for us however as we asked into the third week of January to exchange the guidance that we have for the total enterprise and all that business. But I would say that the momentum is there and we see this as a very positive business for us as we move ahead but it's too early for me and for us to change the guidance but I wouldn't be overly concerned at all about that business.
Inge Thulin: I think first of all for us that brings synergy, it brings scale and efficiency into the SCBA priority categories, right. So I think from that perspective we can add it in and become much more relevant to the customers on the market. And so the presence in gas detection is becoming much much more relevant for us and it enhanced our ability to deliver on customer solutions; so if you think about that whole personnel safety space if you like, we have now build that out from initially started to be world leader in respiratory products and then we purchased some years back, maybe 5 to 8 years back we purchased cornels [ph] welding business and then here in the later years we purchased capital safety which is full protection and now Scott Safety that is building us out in that whole space. So by definition we will be able to drive the synergy in scale in that business and be more relevant to big customers around the world, right. They are looking for as few supplier as possible but this is a regulated business, they also would like to work with companies that have a high reputation around quality and safety and that's what we stand for. So there is a lot of leverage there for us and that business is doing very well for us. We met the expectation in the quarter, the team is very energized, both our core team and the Scott Safety group that came into us. And you'll be able to now to manufacture and innovate safe products based on our technology. So we can add more on the technology side and I think we will be very effective into commercialization part of that business.
Inge Thulin: John, let me also correct you on one thing. You say the price down [ph] initiative is not the price down initiative; it is what Nick said you know, what is happening -- there is an increase in the incentive program rebates to the loyal customers and channel partners, that's what it is. So it doesn't start with a price down initiative and I'd like to correct you on that, it's not the price down; so what you see on that line with Nick clearly said to you and to us is to say it's about the incentive programs and we have set up now for two quarters in a row.
Inge Thulin: Yes, there is. So first of all, we have appointed a Vice President to lead a portion inside of automotive that we call automotive electrification, and it's he that is coordinating the activities going on in the company relative to the face into the automotive business. We also monitor and manage the result out of that enterprise, so we look upon what we have called -- still call automotive business, OEM business and then we have a line out that we call automotive electrification underperformance of that; and we see that we are improving our performance in automotive electrification. So that piece of the business we had 15% growth in Q4 and in total of automotive we have done very, very well as well. So that piece is growing overtime and as we have said earlier, that's a $6 billion addressable market opportunity growing maybe 6% to 8%; and so that's big opportunity for us when we add those two together. But it's working very well for us and -- then I said earlier; I think in addition for us from a competitive perspective is that we are both very engaged with the automotive OEM customer but also with the highway transportation authorities across the world in order to build out something that I think can be remarkable as you look down the road so to speak relative to that opportunity for us.
Inge Thulin: Well, as I said addressable market is $6 billion. And if you think about the whole area for us where we can make a difference in that whole industry and then put on the electrification to the cause, so we have some of management, we have light weightening, we have sensors were displaced, we have [indiscernible] and vertical signings and payment markings; so that's -- think about that in the whole area. If you look upon automotive electrification at this point in time, for us that's around $200,000 million in size and growing very fast. So the first billion should be in reach rather sooner than later but we'll take a couple of years. But for me and the team here, this is a unique opportunity for 3M to capitalize on our technologies and the connection we have in the industry because the industry here if you think about it, if you think very narrow then you think automotive and automotive electrification, this is bigger than that; this coming into the whole highway transportation area and I thought it's relative to regulations around it and we had been in Traffic Safety for over 80 years, we have the connection, we work with them daily; so when you put this all together we would be in a very, very good position to move forward. So you know, we're very, very encouraged to what we see and the momentum and already early spec ins on the automotive -- on platforms that will not come immediately but is coming maybe 18 to 24 months out as those platforms go into production.
Inge Thulin: Why not? We don't commit in order to go in and do something less than that. So that is what you should expect and that's what we expect here, we expect that from ourselves, right; so that's -- when we commit to do it we will do it the right way and we will be focused on it. So we will take market share as we move ahead and I believe when we look upon these three to five years from now, I think we will -- maybe done it right, we will all say that was a masterstroke.
Inge Thulin: Well, as you know primary objective and strategy is organic local currency growth, right, and that's also why we invest in research and development with around 6%, right; last year that's like $1.9 billion, and that is the heartbeat of 3M, that is what is providing us with premium solutions for customers and premium returns for shareholders; I think that's an important element. Now we have shift activities in the portfolio in order to build out relevance with our customers and markets, and we will continue to do that in order to compliment as we move ahead in areas that we are interested to do and our pipeline is good, we have many alternatives to look upon and I think as we go you will see probably the same steady path as we had in the past. So I don't think that has changed on that as we move ahead; as long as we get the growth on the investment we do in research and development and we do as we speak and we have also as you see stepped up to growth where we had complemented with good solid acquisitions that we've integrated to the company and I don't know if you recognize that but we have also worked with -- we buy world-class asset, we don't buy something that we need to fix and try to move in; and the reason for that is there should be good processes in place from the company we buy, there should be world-class management that can come into 3M and with this -- the four fundamental strings we have we can create value as fast as possible for our shareholders.
Inge Thulin: Thank you. To wrap up, the fourth quarter capped a strong year for us here at 3M; and I would like to take this opportunity to thank our 3M team for their contributions to a successful 2017 and for moving us closer to our vision of advancing every company, enhancing every home and improving every life. We are positioned well going into 2018 and we will deliver another successful year. Thank you for joining us this morning and have a great day.
Nicholas Gangestad: The big longer term picture of our capital allocation plan that's not really changing, the way we're investing first in the business, supplementing that with acquisitions that we think makes sense and fit well with our business and then also returning cash to shareholders, that whole capital allocation strategy is unchanged, tax reform and the ability to access international cash a little easier does give us added flexibility. And in the short-term you're seeing a few things change, slightly raising the high-end of our CapEx range, also on our share buybacks and our 16% dividend increase. Those are the things in the short-term they are immediately changing, I will also point out that late in the year we did add an extra $600 million to our U.S. pension immediately following the U.S. signing of this into law. So in the short-term those are the things we're doing but the long-term, our overall strategy isn't changing.
Nicholas Gangestad: To the first point even as recent as last week when we look at our exchange rates and the impact on our earnings, $0.10 that we guided in December that's a very good estimate for the total year. If that changes we'll start to modify that but I think that's still a very solid number to go with. To the second part of your question, I think you may have it reversed when the dollar strengthens against developing markets in developing market economies that's where we see some upward price actions that we take; it's usually not in the reverse.
Nicholas Gangestad: It looks like you're stationary in office business with consumer goods sit first time in several quarter and you mentioned in the presentation itself the e-commerce. Do do you think the channel environment issues that you've facing in that segment are behind you or is it that you've just getting penetration into those feel even three things in math fragmenting out behind you or is it that you're just getting better penetration into the van market three commissariat off the channel inventory issues. I think is both, you know we have talked about that business for some quarter in terms of the inventory position for them right and we have -- I think in every quarter have had better sales out than sales in right; so they have adjusted their position in that space. So I think it's both, you coming to a point where your comparison is easier but also inventory levels is on a better level. So we don't see at this point in time an issue with inventories in that space for the consumer business. So this is in fact the third consecutive quarter that our consumer business group is growing, this time by 5% and in fact also to a price which is very good. On a companywide as you touch on online sales, for us in the quarter our online sales as an enterprise was up 21% and for the year was 13%; so it's moving in the right direction for the consumer business so we're very pleased with that.
Nicholas Gangestad: Scott, there is a couple of things I'll go into on this. One is, we've been on a journey for several years to be really optimizing our supply chain and how to operate that as efficiently and effectively as possible and part of that has been our centers of expertise that we've set up in different parts of the world to drive operationally efficiency; that also has some tax benefits to us and the strategies that we've put in place to optimize our supply chain that were relevant before, continue to be relevant for us and driving benefits for us going forward, in fact we're going to continue that type of effort and expand that. Underlying of the impact of the tax reform; there are different pieces of that, some impacting different companies differently, obviously just lowering the tax rate to -- in the U.S. to 21% is a benefit to a company like 3M. But in addition, the U.S. Tax Code, the new U.S. tax law does give some favorable handling to companies that are net exporters out of the U.S. and part of the benefit that you're seeing 3M as we guide 20% to 22% is that we're a net exporter of approximately $3.5 billion out of the U.S. of what we manufacture, that's also part of that benefit that you're seeing for our company.
Nicholas Gangestad: John, throughout all of 2017 -- I'll frame it just a little bit longer where -- if I go back to '15 and '16, less growth in the U.S., part of our focus in 2017 is ensuring that our U.S. operations are growing and productive and that's what we've seen so for instance in the third quarter or in the fourth quarter growing 3% organically. Now throughout the four quarters of 2017 in our U.S. we've been hovering around 20 or 30 basis points of price decline, the single biggest thing driving that John has not changed throughout the entire year and that's that as we now be -- now moving to growth in the U.S. we do have rebate incentive plans with our most loyal customers and our best performing customers that's been part of our business model and part of that model is, they get some price break via rebates and that's by far the single biggest thing impacting price that we're posting in the U.S. in 2017; really unchanged from the other three quarters of 2017.
Nicholas Gangestad: John, there are some aspects of that in all of our businesses but the U.S. and Safety & Graphics I would say are more heavily weighted to having those types of pricing plans.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, if you're looking at our growth in the U.S. in industrial, the one big thing I'll point out is fourth quarter of last year of 2016; we had approximately a $40 million defense contract that we won and sold that -- that quarter -- that is -- that's the single biggest thing, if we pulled that out we have had very nice accelerating growth in our industrial business.
Nicholas Gangestad: John, over a period of time we've been able to get 30 to 50 basis points of price growth. Now in 2017 we were approximately flat on price growth, we're highly confident in 2018 that we'll be back into the range of 30 to 50 basis points of price growth over – throughout 2018.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, in terms of how we're thinking about and managing 30 to 50 I feel highly confident on. Directionally, I feel there is more upside on that than downside, partially for what -- exactly what you're talking about John that inflationary environment and increasing raw material prices; if there is a bias towards that it's towards the high-end or above and not to the low end or below.
Nicholas Gangestad: Deane, you are first of all correct, that has nothing to do with tax reform that we've isolated separately. And the three things I talked about, let me give you a little more depth of that -- of what's driving that. Year-on-year we are seen, our centers of expertise and their efficiency and the profitability in those grow and that's certainly a part of our strategy and sustainable that we expect and also captured in our 20% to 22% guidance for 2018. The geographic profit mix which is the smallest of the three is where do we actually earn that profit, how much is being earned in our highest tax jurisdictions versus the lowest and that will vary from year to year. And then the last is stock-based compensation, and we get a tax benefit as we have more of our employees exercising stock options; that one will be the most variable and as our stock price has gone up and we have employees exercising stock options we're getting a larger benefit from that than we've had a year ago.
Nicholas Gangestad: Andrew, I'd say that's a very fair way of looking at it. We started with a growth expectation and 2017 is a year where many of our customers exceeded that growth expectation, getting higher rebates; that becomes part of the base as we reset those targets for the coming year. And in comparison in '15 and '16, we had below average rebate payments; so we're seeing it from '16 to '17 swing from below to above in '17. I think '18 will be more of a normalized year.
Nicholas Gangestad: Steve, our view is it's a pretty steady throughout the year, we're not seen any big outliers one direction or the other, it's as pretty as close to down the middle of the road as we could be.
Nicholas Gangestad: Our longer term guidance Steve of 4.5% to 5% I still see that as the right long-term view but in light of what we see in the economy; in light of tax reform, in light of investment opportunities around disruptive technologies that can help us -- make us more efficient, all that in combination is causing us to up our planned spend slightly this year but 4.5% to 5% is still the right range in the longer term.
Nicholas Gangestad: No, it is January; so other than the update in tax we're not changing anything. As things start to play out after a quarter or two, there might be some tweaks like we're clearly watching FX and what that's doing; raw materials that continues to be a moving target for us. And then share repurchase is another one that I say we continue to watch of what it's impact going to be on EPS.
Nicholas Gangestad: Steven, in total we've spend between $7.5 billion and $8 billion a year on raw materials, commodities and some purchase finished goods to go into our cost of goods sold; it's approaching half of our total cost of goods sold. And it is spread out over a lot of different commodity basis but to put a bit of a finer point and this may or may not be what you're asking; we are seeing underlying commodity prices that were paying, we're seeing them go up and yet we are still reporting all in that we're getting some of the benefit. So in the fourth quarter it's a bit of a transition quarter for us that we are seeing slightly higher market prices we're paying for our commodities which currently are being more than offset by our own sourcing initiatives to bring down the cost of the materials and that can be revamping our products to use a lower raw material, can be changing the source of supply, can be some negotiations that we go through; that's still resulting in a net benefit for us year-on-year but the underlying commodity prices we are now seeing a year-on-year increase in those prices.
Nicholas Gangestad: There is about one-eighth of our entire commodity base that is petroleum based and when we first set our guidance we had an expectation of oil prices in the $50 to $60 a barrel, that's gone up; so there is some sensitivity there for oil derivative products that go into some of our tapes and adhesives and films.
Nicholas Gangestad: Rob I think there's a couple different dimensions; I'll talk to the raw material side and then I'll talk to the market dimension side. What I've said in the past is a $10 move in oil manifest for us in about a $0.02 to $0.03 annual raw material headwind for us or $0.02 to $0.03 whatever direction oil is moving, it's going up, it's a $0.02 to $0.03 headwind for us and that comes from things like -- some of the resins we buy that have a crude oil derivative that goes into that. So that's on the commodity side but I think you also might be talking about the market itself; so when we saw oil prices drop late '14 into '15 our overall market exposure, we still see about 3% of our total revenue that's tied to the oil and gas industry. So if there is -- as we've seen that stabilize that's been a help to us and if there is an uptick that's certainly a positive for us on the revenue perspective.
Nicholas Gangestad: What we've laid out is that by 2020 we expect $500 million and $700 million of operating income benefit through what we're doing through our business transformation, as well as $0.5 billion of working capital coming out of our supply chain as a result of that; that remains unchanged. And in December I think if you were listening to what we are saying, we also are starting to see benefits beyond that that it's not a just a plateau of that and it's a steady state, we see that continuing to grow. Now topics like SKU rationalization, that is one component; we don't have it carved out of this is exactly what SKU rationalization is of that total piece but what we do see is looking at our portfolio, the SKUs we have which ones make sense which ones don't, that is part of what we're doing as we transform our business and our business processes. So it's a component, what I can't tell you is how much of a component that is of that total $500 million to $700 million that we're projecting.
Nicholas Gangestad: The acronym guilty and the acronym beat those components that I know are negatively impacting some other companies are having a negligible or non-existent impact on 3M.
Nicholas Gangestad: In the past we've said that we need about $1 billion of share growth -- share repurchase just to offset that dilution; that's come down slightly, I believe it's right now around $800 million. That's not changing materially and we're thinking the $700 million to $800 million is a more longer term steady state of what we need just to offset dilution.
Nicholas Gangestad: That is the final number, so as the pension contribution helped it the lowering of interest rates and therefore our discount rates in the last few weeks of December more or less offset that; so it's call those a push and where I still write at the dime that we said.
Nicholas Gangestad: No. As far as wages what we're expecting for wage costs increases in 2018; it remains very similar to what we've seen in the last couple of years, really no change on our ability to generate incremental leverage. So we are not seeing a shift up or down in the pace of wage increases that we've seen historically.
Nicholas Gangestad: So we have been consistently investing in our capacity in Asia, working to increase our regional self-sufficiency of more and more that we are selling in the Asia Pacific is being manufactured in Asia Pacific. Right now we still have capacity and we will continue to sustain it, I don't see it a dramatic change in direction of the amount of CapEx going in, it's been at about the right pace and we think it's a pretty sustainable pace we're at; so I don't see a big direction change on that.
John Inch: [Indiscernible] is not showing up within your segments because U.S. industrial core growth was up only 1% this quarter and it was up 5% last quarter but -- so I'm assuming that's not an industrially weighted rebate program, is that kind of on the consumer side, is that why consumer did a little better or…
John Inch: No, I think I misspoke. I do know what you mean and taking into -- I'm didn't mean to provide a cutting price, you're giving incentives for people to buy more.
John Inch: So my last question that is the 30 to 50 given the pressures in the economy is that going to be enough Nick? Like, I don't have visibility into how much the emerging inflation in The United States is actually going to potentially pressure your operations; I mean historically you've got very strong margins so I don't expect substantial margin pressure, I just want to think -- understand how you're thinking about managing this.
