Andrew Obin: Yes. First of all, congratulations on achieving these key milestones. I'm sure the team worked incredibly hard to achieve that. So congrats.
Andrew Obin: My first question, so maybe not for Mike, not for Monish, Kevin is on the phone as well. So we're getting a lot of questions about just the structure for the Combat Arms. Kevin, could you just talk about the process for sort of ring fencing the Combat Arms liability. You highlighted an estimator -- how much of it is sort of this -- how much of this estimate is sort of discretionary in nature? How much of it is based on precedents? Just maybe explain the process a little bit better to us, because my understanding is that it is a fairly complex process to come up with a number, but any help would be useful. Thank you.
Andrew Obin: Got you. Thank you. And just a follow-up question. I guess this question is for Mike. There's a lot of talk about recession, right? There are headlines that we're technically in a recession. You did address inflation, consumer slowing. But just from your perspective, you have such broad exposure to the economy. What do you think we are in the economic cycle? And how does it sort of figure in your planning for the second half of the year and as you start initial budgeting process for 2023? Thanks a lot.
Kevin Rhodes: Yes. Thanks, Mike. I'll just add that the analysis will be explained in the next report that will be reviewed as part of the Chapter 11 proceeding. It's important to note that the Chapter 11 court will oversee this process and the claimants will be represented as well. And the goal is to have the court help Aearo establish this trust funded by 3M, as Mike said, and those seeking compensation can present their claims to the trust rather than going through the litigation process on a case-by-case basis.
Kevin Rhodes: So this is the commitment to fund the trust of $1 billion at the end of the process when the trust is established, that's when the proceeding will be concluded.
Kevin Rhodes: Yeah. So Aearo, I'll take this. So Aearo has been a wholly-owned subsidiary since the 2008 acquisition. It has continued to operate and it's important to note that the Aero entities have been involved in the Combat Arms litigation from the beginning. They are named as co-defendants in the litigation and they launched, manufactured and actually sold the majority of the Combat Arms Earplugs that issued before the 2008 acquisition by 3M.
Kevin Rhodes: Yes. Certainly, while most Chapter 11 proceedings are contested, Steven. We've -- we're prepared to move forward and we believe the applicable law supports our position as we move forward into this process. And the goal, again, is to remove uncertainty to set up a more efficient and equitable process for establishing a fund to compensate claimants who are entitled to compensation as opposed to the process of continuing to litigate on a claim-by-claim basis.
Kevin Rhodes: Yes. As part of the Chapter 11 proceeding, there will be a claims estimation process where the court oversees that process. And we believe that the $1 billion that we have committed based on the external analysis is sufficient to fund a trust for those claimants who are entitled to compensation. The proceedings will be the subject of expert reports overseen by the court. The claimants will be represented as well. And we believe this is a number that is required, the funding agreement. If necessary, 3M is prepared to provide additional funding to resolve this matter at the end of the process.
Kevin Rhodes: So, once the Chapter 11 filing is made, there's an automatic state as to the debtor entity, which, in this case, is Aearo Technologies. We are also asking for that automatic state to be extended to 3M. We are funding, according to the terms of the funding, indemnification agreement. We're committing to fund the trust to help the court set up a mechanism for compensation for those claimants entitled to compensation. We're providing that funding through Aearo. So we think we are entitled to as 3M and hope the court will extend the state of litigation to 3M, and that would put a stay on the existing litigation in state and federal court.
Kevin Rhodes: Yes. So the Chapter 11 case was just filed this morning. The court has not set a schedule yet. There have been a wide range of duration for other Chapter 11 filings to resolve litigation matters. We're hoping to work through the process and resolve the matter as quickly as possible. We hope that all parties will share that goal and move it along as expeditiously as the court's procedures permit. We'll certainly provide updates as the case progresses. And if you think about this in context, we've participated in the MDL process for the past three years, taking 16 cases through bellwether trials. We're now at the next step, which is to pair 1,500 cases for trials around the country while we await the outcomes of our appeals. So as compared to the process ahead to litigate each of these cases on a case-by-case basis, we believe that the Chapter 11 proceeding will be more expeditious and certainly, will provide more clarity and a way to more efficiently and equitably provide compensation to those who are entitled to it.
Kevin Rhodes: Yes. So we believe that 105(a) does provide authority as well as other provisions of the bankruptcy code, given the Aero technologies liabilities that are included. And so our filings are being completed today, and those will spell out the various bases for seeking the relief that we've asked the Chapter 11 court to provide.
Kevin Rhodes: So our insurance assets are part of the ability to -- of funds that we can tap into to fund the trust. If those assets will be the provided, as well as other assets from the company to provide the trust. And I just -- one point to clarify that, it's the Combat Arms liabilities as well as the -- some legacy, some discontinued Aearo Technologies respirator and mask claims, which are part of the filing as well. Some of those are for asbestos exposure, which are under 24G of the code as well.
Mike Roman: Yes. Andrew, maybe I'll start. In Q2, we saw most of our end markets remain strong. And like everybody else, we saw some softening in the macro, both IPI and GDP. As we look forward, it's really important in the current backdrop -- economic backdrop to look at individual markets. And we're seeing some positive signs. We see elective procedures continuing to improve kind of sequentially as we go. We'll see a second half improvement in build rates for automotive versus first half. There's some areas of softness in our individual markets. We're looking at consumer electronics for example that has now an outlook for the total year that will be negative growth for that segment. We're watching, I would say, consumer and retail spending closely with the focus on inventory and the retail customers and also just the general dynamic around spending is some of the challenges with inflation causing some shifts and where consumers are spending their money. So we're watching that closely. There's a few other areas that really are looking at it. We see Europe and really broadly EMEA down in the second quarter and impacted by geopolitical impacts, COVID, I would say, inflation impacting. So just general, some softness there as well. So all of this, when you put it together, it's leaving us with some uncertainty around the economic outlook. So that's the way I would wrap it up as we go into the second half, we're cautious about where the economy is going. We're watching it closely.
Mike Roman: Yeah. It's maybe just to give you those two areas in particular. So China, as Monish highlighted in his prepared remarks, we saw better-than-expected recovery in June to the lockdowns that we were seeing than the soft start to April, May that we talked a bit about in China. So, as we go forward and for the quarter, you're right, it's down high single-digits year-on-year. GDP still looks positive in Q2. As we go forward, part of the answer is going to be how quickly does it recover? What is the impact going forward of COVID as any potential additional lockdown. So, it's really looking at where we go there. I mean China continues to be an important market for 3M. It's -- the macro backdrop shows a good positive backdrop, but it's really going to be how all things progress relative to COVID and the recovery from COVID than what else comes our way as we go through the quarter and through the rest of the year. Back to Europe, our declines there were really led by Consumer and Safety and Industrial. Healthcare was still growing strong in the quarter. We saw some strong growth in individual market segments. Back to my comments, the current outlook and the current growth is market-dependent as opposed to broad-based one view of everything. And so I think Europe is at it. We've got the geopolitical risks there. We've got the impact of the supply chain issues and challenges and inflation as well. So, down in the quarter and we think a soft outlook as we look at the second half.
Mike Roman: Yes, Steve, I think as you've seen, we manage into recessions and through any kind of slowdowns with a broad-based approach. And we'll do what's needed given the economic conditions. As I said, we're watching how each of the market demand areas are developing, how the overall macro is developing, what's going on, on the global economic outlook. And we'll take actions as required and it will be -- in what we do in our factories and how we manage our commercial businesses and how we operate the company. So, we'll keep you updated as we get a better view.
Mike Roman: Yes. Nigel, we did announce both actions today. They're really the result of separate kind of strategies and decisions. Healthcare spin was based on, as you know, we actively manage our portfolio. We look at broadly where to invest in our portfolio where acquisitions make sense and how do we get the most value out of it and that's what was behind the decision to ultimately spin the Healthcare.  We've invested in strategies to create a stronger Healthcare company. It's is well positioned to succeed and have a great future as a stand-alone company and that really drove that decision. The decision to really take the steps related to Combat Arms Litigation came out of really, first and foremost, the result of the bellwether trial. They were highly variable. We believe it would take years to litigate those claims. And so given a choice between a costly litigation process, we -- in a better, fair, more efficient resolution. That's what drove the decision to step into the new actions that we're taking. So they were -- they happened to be announced in the same day, but they're really based on separate strategies. And both really helping to set us up for, I think, well positioned for, as we said at the top, greater opportunity with the spin and more certainty with the actions we're taking related to Combat Arms.
Mike Roman: Well, based on what we're doing, there will be a separate process that will be a different process. Kevin can talk about how that proceeds. But there will be -- in the court that takes responsibility for these proceedings, they will oversee a process there. But we believe that, as I said, we're committed to a fund that was based on, we think, appropriate analysis from an expert outside firm. But Kevin can talk about the steps of that process and how that resolves.
Mike Roman: Yes, Josh, I would say I'd start with we're continuing to focus on driving growth and our capital allocation priorities reflect that. And then they will remain unchanged. It's first and foremost, about investing in our business. It's about paying an attractive dividend, a high priority for us and continues to be so looking at strategic M&A that can add value and deliver on greater opportunities for the company. And then it's returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases. And we continue to see that as our set of priorities as we go forward. When you look at new 3M, it's going to be a very strong, focused, well-capitalized business, a leader in highly attractive markets, as we've been talking about on the call. We'll have tremendous cash flow in that business, a strong balance sheet. And as Monish just highlighted, with the proceeds from the spin and the 19.9% retained stake that we can monetize over time, it will get stronger. So, we are -- we will be well positioned to continue to execute those capital priorities and continue to create value.
Mike Roman: Yes, Josh, we've long talked about the benefit our businesses have in leveraging the fundamental strengths of 3M. And they've certainly been important to building the Healthcare business, the technologies that we have are unique and differentiated technologies, our manufacturing capabilities, our global capabilities and our brands. And Healthcare as you touched on, with our portfolio strategies, we've built a stronger Healthcare business. We've done it with organic investments and sometimes leveraging some of those key technologies. We've added acquisitions, significant part of the business now with Acelity and M*Modal coming in as part of the business. We've also stepped in to really focus that business through the divestiture of drug delivery and soon the separation of the food safety business. So, all of that has positioned Healthcare not only to be a strong stand-alone company, well positioned to be able to execute those same strategies moving forward. There's always some connectivity to the technologies manufacturing at 3M.  The – I would say, the connection between Healthcare and the rest of the company is more limited than the three businesses that will make up new 3M. We'll be able to manage that separation well, we think, especially with the focus that Healthcare has on those specific markets. So -- it's been an important part of building it. We think it's well positioned with what we can do in the spin to be able to take it forward.
Mike Roman: Yes, Deane, our portfolio strategy, it's a continual strategy. We're always evaluating where we want to make change in our portfolio, adding through M&A, managing to optimize the value. So that's something I will continue really as we go forward. I talk a lot about new 3M. We really believe the three businesses that make up that new 3M company will be strong, well positioned for success in their markets. They will leverage well the technology, I guess the heart of 3M, the fundamental strengths of 3M.  So, it's -- it will be a continual process that we -- and strategy that's important. I think our portfolio strategy really complementing what we do with innovation. We're driving innovation, creating new solutions for customers, building new businesses. At the same time, portfolio management make sure we're looking broadly at where we're creating the greatest value and how do we need to think differently about it. So that's not going to change as we execute through the spin.
Mike Roman: Yes, Deane maybe I'll take the PFAS part of that question, and then I'll let Kevin answer the 105A question. So, on PFAS, we continue to be focused on practically managing our environmental stewardship and stepping up and following through on our commitments there. We're vigorously defending ourselves in the cases that we have with PFAS. And we're looking to reasonably resolve, remediate where we can. We expect PFAS is going to play out over years. And I would probably leave it at we're well advised of our options.
Mike Roman: Yes. Nicole, it's something we watch closely always. It's something that gives us a good indication of the sell-through of each of our businesses. There are certainly some areas that we've seen some inventory build up there related to COVID lockdowns, as an example. We've added some inventory and built some inventory ahead of some ERP go-live actions that we're taking. When we look at the channel inventory, it's been relatively stable. It's having to react to the same kind of supply chain challenges that we are seeing and react to it, disruptions in supply, logistics challenges. So it's a little more dynamic than usual, but pretty well aligned with what we're seeing in terms of demand. We're watching consumer closely. There was elevated inventory in the channel as part of that. That's something that has been very publicly talked about that retail leaders are working through. We're seeing some of that as well. We still see strong sell-out point-of-sale demand there, so something that we're watching closely. And again, it's -- I would say it's more dynamic, but maybe except for something like retail inventory pretty well in line with expected demand.
Mike Roman: Yes. Brett, we are in the process of restarting the manufacturing operates in there. It takes some weeks to do that. We reached the agreement. We were pleased with the outcome of the cooperation that we've had with the local authorities there to resolve the matters and move ahead. So we'll be ramping up the full production here soon. So we're staying in touch with our customers, making sure everybody is aware of our time lines, but it's -- we're in the middle of that ramp up.
Mike Roman: In summary, we are positioning 3M for the future to create more opportunity and greater certainty. There will be two world-class, well-capitalized public companies. We will work to efficiently and equitably resolve our Combat Arms litigation, and we will maintain our relentless focus on delivering for our customers and shareholders. We remain focused on driving growth and margin expansion and generating strong cash flow. We're excited about the new opportunities to apply 3M Science to life. Thank you for joining us.
Monish Patolawala: Andrew, I have to add FX, foreign exchange, down 4% for the year, down 5% for the third quarter. As you know, that strong dollar does impact our earnings. And that's why 80% of our guide down was due to FX. So that's the other piece I would add to Mike's comments.
Monish Patolawala: Sure, Scott. I'll take that. As I've mentioned before, the teams have done a very disciplined approach to pricing actions across multiple markets, multiple geographies. As you know, we don't do just cost plus pricing. So we take into account our competitive position. We take into account market situations, the inflation that has by commodity. So when you put all that together, I would say, between the businesses and the product line, that's somewhere between low single digits to high single digits. But if I do a weighted average of that, I would say mid-single digits, Scott, is where we came in on price. So we did offset inflation. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are managing inflation through pricing actions. And in the second half, we continue to see broad-based inflation. So we updated our inflation guide to nearly 750 to 850 versus the earlier range we had, which was in the 350 to 450 range. And even there, we continue to manage that inflation, we continue to take price. I don't know if I answered your question, but I think that was your question.
Monish Patolawala: And Scott, we don't see a reason why we can't have our systems, especially your question on ERPs, separate the two entities up.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So the way we work, Andrew, is when we came into the year, we had told you approximately $0.60 of adjusted earnings of litigation-related expenses. That number has been updated for three items. Item number one is the pretax charge that we will take as a part of the Combat Arms litigation, which is approximately $1.2 billion. The second one is the charge that we announced earlier in the quarter about our Zwijndrecht thing, which is $355 million. And for the year, that will be approximately $500 million. And then the item which was around $0.60 of litigation-related expenses now with the way this transaction will work out is around $0.55. So put all that together, that's approximately $2.2 billion of adjusted earnings for litigation-related and Zwijndrecht-related items. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, Nigel. Depending on how the bankruptcy proceeding goes, the plan will be to deconsolidate that entity, but the overall revenue and earnings are immaterial in the grand scheme of things.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. I think both great questions, Julian. I'd start with the first question on margins. As we told you, the EBITDA margins for the second quarter were 30%. As we have talked about before, when you compare to prior, you have to take into account the Acelity acquisition and its impact on purchase accounting, et cetera, which depresses the margins. And that's why I would look at EBITDA, which is 30% in the second quarter. For the year 2021, we ended at 31% EBITDA. So hopefully, that answers your question on that range. Back to, do we see it continuing to improve? Absolutely. I mean this is something that the business is doing a really nice job of continuing to manage inflation with price actions. They continue to drive productivity actions. And as the volume starts, which is back to your point, which is volumes drive the biggest leverage, as we are seeing elective procedures starting to go back up and hopefully, it doesn't get impacted by another wave of COVID, you're going to start seeing that business continue to drive the growth in that area. So that answers your question on margin. The team is quite focused on margin, quite focused on driving organizational efficiency through root cause. On your second question about how the dividend works, I'll start by saying, this is still 15, 18 months away. But the way it will work at that moment in time when that spin happens, there will be a dividend payout from healthcare, which currently we are saying is going to be levered 3 to 3.5 times with positioning for rapid deleveraging because of the strong cash flow that healthcare itself generate. As a part of that transaction, 3M will also retain 19.9% equity stake in our healthcare business that we can monetize over time. The whole purpose of -- the whole intent of this transaction is to be as tax efficient and tax-free, for which we will go ahead and file all the requirements that needed to make it tax-free -- and -- but we are in no rush right now to sell the stake once the spin happens, and we'll monetize it over time. And I think that gives us a lot more flexibility for us to pursue strategic options between the dividend that we get as well as the retained stake that we can monetize over time. Hope that helps, Julian.
Monish Patolawala: Sure, Julian. And I'll give you all the pieces, and I'll try to give you data between sequential and year-on-year. So it's confusing, my apologies upfront. But I'll just start first by saying, yes, FX, you're right, continues to be a pressure. As I've said in my prepared remarks, for the third quarter, FX is at 5%. For the year, it is at 4%. So that actually adds additional pressure first half to second half. But back to your points on the positives and negatives. So we'll start by one, again, in my prepared remarks, I said China, we still came in with a backlog that we expect to clear in the second half. You'll see that in the third and fourth quarter. We came in $140 million down on a year-over-year basis. So there's recovery there. Secondly, if you look at build rates in automotive, first half versus second half, they are up nearly 9%. However, for the year, they are up 5% versus earlier we thought the whole year would be up 9%. You're continuing to see strong demand in semiconductor data centers and factory automation. Third, elective procedures, which were in that range of 85% to 90% in the first quarter moved up to 90% to 95%, we expect that to come back to 100% by the end of fourth quarter. And then lastly, GDP and IPI is still forecasted to be up 3% to 4% -- 3% for the year versus when we started the year, it was 4%. So for the second half, they're still protecting -- projecting a GDP up. On the flip side, on the things, to your point, that have become negative, we talked about FX, we are still seeing the stubborn and evolving impacts of COVID. Supply chain and logistics pressures continue. We are going to see higher inflation in the second half, but we are managing that inflation with price and offsetting that. We are watching consumer behavior because the broad-based inflation is having an impact on consumers' purchasing power. And then we are seeing softening trends in consumer electronics, especially in TVs, but again, if you look at smartphones on a half-over-half basis, smartphones are supposed to be up around 7% to 8%. However, on a year-over-year basis, they're down 4%, okay?  So I'm just giving you some data points and hopefully, that helps. And then the last one, Mike already talked about was geopolitical uncertainties, particularly in Europe. But with all that said, I just want to make sure you do understand the team is doing a great job of continuing to manage this, making sure we're doing whatever it takes to first deliver for our customers because that's our most important priority, spending cost discipline, but at the same time, continuing to invest in growth, productivity and sustainability. Because as we think about it, Julian, long-term, all these trends will play themselves out. There are great areas for investment for new 3M, for Healthcare, and we want to keep making sure we're investing for the long run. So, all these actions that we are taking are all about setting both these businesses up to be successful in the long run. Sorry for the long answer, but I just want to make sure you got the data points.
Monish Patolawala: Josh, I just want to add a few more things to what Mike just said. We're going to have dedicated teams that are going to drive the separation. Also, just looking at precedent of other sprints publicly, plus some of the experience that we have had with our divestitures in the healthcare space, we believe the separation cost is going to be somewhere in the range of $1 billion to $1.5 billion that will get played out overtime. Some of it will start now and some of it will play out over the next 24 months. But again, it's quite early in the process. The teams are starting to get ramped up as we get and learn more, we'll definitely keep you posted.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, Nicole. And we watch this closely. As you know, we have exposure to multiple feedstocks, luckily not one of them is overly material. You look at polypropylene, you look at resin, you look at logistics, airfreight costs, et cetera. The thing that we haven't yet seen is sustained reduction. So you get data points like you've seen the data points of oil come down. But how that translates down to the feedstocks because we don't buy crude oil is going to play itself out. So that's what we are watching. And so I don't know whether it impacts 2022 or 2023. But what we do see still right now is there's broad-based inflation all around that is getting pushed down as tiers are getting involved. And as I told you, we have updated our guidance to 750 to 850 of inflation for the year, which is higher than what we thought coming into the year. But at the same time, we are managing that inflation through price. And I think what we'll have to watch is to supply chains get sustainably improved versus one or two data points.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. Sure, Brett. So again, I'll give you benchmark data. So we have a placeholder for the healthcare business, there's a bench using standup costs that's approximately $100 million is what we said is public company cost for that size of company. Similarly, right now, what we have penciled in is for new 3M to have around 1.5% of revenue as incremental cost or stranded costs. However, as Mike and I have told you all multiple times, we are all focused on org efficiency. We are still very early in the process, and we're going to keep working this down. We got time until the spin gets done. So we're going to keep trying to be as efficient as we can and make both companies continue to grow above macro pre -- having margin expansion and strong cash.
