Inge Thulin: Thank you, David. Before we go to your questions, I wanted to update you on our progress in several areas. First, portfolio management; on the Q4 call, I referred to actions to consolidate our traffic safety systems and security systems businesses. These restructuring actions were completed in the quarter with associated cost of 4.5 million in the quarter. The point here, of course, is that we are directly addressing the more challenging segments of our portfolio. You should also know that we are increasingly directing a larger percentage of resources towards our Heartland and push-forward businesses. Second, a word on Ceradyne. As David mentioned, the integration of Ceradyne is progressing very well and profits are ahead of plan. I'm excited about the emerging technology synergies from our newly strengthened ceramics platform. Finally, we announced new leadership in the APAC region. Our new area Vice President of Asia-Pacific, Jim Bauman, has successfully managed a wide range of businesses and functions across the company, and has extensive international experience. He's a proven leader. In addition, Kenneth Yu, the energetic longtime head of 3M China will now be applying his impressive business building skills in developing markets around the world. The new leader for 3M China is Donald Chang who most recently led and developed our business in Southeast Asia very successfully. Donald is another great builder of businesses and the ideal new leader to implement our new China plan. So our history of very strong leadership in the APAC region continues. To wrap up, we remain confident looking ahead and are keenly focused on elements within our control; advancing our long-term strategic objectives, driving productivity and improving the business. 3M's unique combination of technology strengths, manufacturing excellence and global capability will enable us to deliver sustainable increases in sales, earnings and cash flow. As I said earlier, we are moving forward on all fronts. Thank you. We will now address your questions.
Inge Thulin: Sure. So, if you look at how we think the quarters are going to develop, Steve. We think that it's really looking to us more like a first half, second half story right now. So we think that the second quarter specifically in the Energy and Electronics is going to run in a similar fashion to what we saw in the first quarter followed by an improvement in that segment in the second half and then likewise if you look at the other businesses we are observing that we will expect to see some level of improvement in the second half.
Inge Thulin: And Steve, this is Inge. I think on the growth piece, the way I think about it is, this is the second quarter now where we have showed growth. And the 2% growth in this quarter based on the IPI growth we feel okay with. Now, that is one of the reason you said 2% to 6%. We’re seeing 2% to 5% in the growth range for the year. So not 2% to 6%, 2% to 5%. And we don’t change that -- we don’t change that because we’re coming off the growth quarter of 2%. Second quarter as David said, look very much like the first quarter. And relative to China, it's good to see we had growth in Q4. We had 10% growth in Q1 coming out of three quarters earlier or basically no growth. Now we believe steel is fragile in China when you look upon external data, and in Q2 it could sidetrack based on growth, right. So, we are optimistic, but we still need to see more evidence of growth coming in that market.
Inge Thulin: Well, this is Inge. As we said, we’re not changing the guidance for this year relative to the CapEx. And as we all know the CapEx investment is based on long-term growth. So that is why we’re seeing, this is something we would continue and of course there is some markets that are doing better that need more investment and over time some is more of a challenge. And we will like to build out very much close to the market in international as we have talked about earlier. So, without going into specific segments per se you can think about it as we build out our Healthcare business on a global basis, we're doing very well in Healthcare and we're growing well now against – as David referred to a business where we are growing everywhere both from a business unit perspective [innovation] and on a geographical base. And we need to build that out as we move ahead. That portfolio is basically 75% in developed economies. So, the developing world there is huge upside for us with very attractive margins, so you will probably see over time additional investment in that area. In many cases, in order to be successful in Healthcare, you need to be very local in order to provide that services. The same goes for our Consumer. Consumer is another business we trust that are performing very well in our relative penetration in developing world is much, much lower than in the developed, and specifically with United States. That's another business over time that we will build out. So I think you will see that. And then you have to think about one of the strengths for 3M is our vertical integration in the business model. That means that we will utilize a lot of capacity and places around the world when we build this out. So I will say that think about it as we are not changing it now because we invest for the future and the future we still believe in the plan we have laid out. So it's very favorable for us.
Inge Thulin: Yeah, basically Andrew what we’re signaling with that – with the overall cut is frankly a level of uncertainty overall in the business that is a little bit higher than we had when we entered the year. So first of all we’ve identified specifically $0.05 due to exchange, but quite honestly to pick a point estimate on that number is a little bit difficult to develop that level of precision, but I think directionally we tried to size that impact for people so they could understand that and the balance of the cut is really reflecting what its turned out to be some areas of incremental weakness in the business here in the first quarter and the first half, particularly related to the areas in Energy and Electronics as we mentioned. I would take it as an indication directionally that we think there is more uncertainty out there. Overall, this year then perhaps we expected as we enter the year.
Inge Thulin: Yeah, so a couple of things. So, if you look at first of all the impact that would impact us from sequestration, first of all if you think about our business overall, we’ve got about 3% of our worldwide sales are related to the U.S. government, that’s at federal, local and state levels. And about 40% of that which is a billion dollars is related to federal. So, we think that the sequestration impact for us would be somewhere in the area of $10 million to $20 million on the year and that would like be here in the second and third quarters, and we're working to offset that with market share gains. Separately, if you look at what's going on with Ceradyne, there's an additional impact. So if you look at what's going on with troop drawdowns that would impact Ceradyne revenue we calculate in the tune of $40 million to $50 million. And so again, we're working on offsetting this contract that we were able to win for 40 million as it relates to body armor for the Afghanis is offsetting that. And secondly we've got a series actually – on last call, I think there are 27 sales synergy programs that the guys have identified with existing and new products from Ceradyne that we can push through our channels around the world for 3M. So on a couple of separate issues, if you look at the income of Ceradyne as we said, while we've got transition costs that are pulling through the income statement including inventory step-up which still hits us in Q1, we do see that the overall performance on an income basis versus our original acquisition plan for Ceradyne is running ahead of the plan.
Inge Thulin: And that is very consistent with external data that you see, right? So, I think that’s (indiscernible).
Inge Thulin: And that’s also why we are very cautious, right? So we do not see it yet even if there is some hopes for the future there. So that’s where we’re type of moving through it.
Inge Thulin: And in additional to that, as I made on my comments that we're giving additional investment to some of the push forward businesses and Healthcare is of course …
Inge Thulin: … one of them, right. So we're very positive around the outlook for Healthcare. So we’re not only pleased with current performance. In fact, I would say I’m very, very pleased with current performance in Healthcare, but the outlook is also very, very solid for us. So, we are supporting that business down push forward. We’re moving resources very cautiously in order to make sure we get productivity at the same time as we build out. And most of the build out is in developing economies and in international broad base and as you know 75% of our portfolio today is in the developed world. So, as those economies now start to be ready to take on more advanced Healthcare and we have a very good value proposition with our product line broad based I would say in both hospital supply and into orthodontic field as well as Food Safety, so it looks very good for us as we move ahead.
Inge Thulin: So that's tough. And if you look upon the price increases for health care, as you stand into the year, they are able of course to take a little bit higher in the developing world versus in United States. So I think it's correct as David said it's not the (indiscernible) completion. We need however to drive efficiency in the manufacturing operations which I will say in the health care space is very an effective operation for us, right. So one of the reasons why we are successful there, we have very high margins with many things in addition to the value of the product, but it's also very good manufacturing operation. And we, as you know, can always do more and we have been in Six Sigma all over that in order to improve even more. So I think that's how we need to compensate those types of things that we can control.
Inge Thulin: Yeah, I don’t know. I don’t referred them as a hit list, I like most of those businesses as you know all of them make money, all of them are good. But they’re in our word they’re below average relative to performance. We are working our way through there and we – I will say, we take them business by business. I’ve not announced specific timeline because as you know the business is not conducted in that way. So I will let you know after we have let internally and people know if there are some changes coming there, but the point I can tell you which is very encouraging is that those businesses have improved dramatically the performance in the first quarter versus a quarter ago. So they' top of the target and they are making those targets. So I think that's good. Now the Heartland and push forward, the Heartland divisions had a very good performance in the first quarter. In fact as David said, our biggest division in the Company, industrial adhesives and tapes, had over 7% growth. So, yes fantastic, but that category is doing very well. On push forward, I will say as that is lower leverage for us. We are allocating resources, there is more to come in terms of all the execution of the plan. Point is, we’re very focused on it, we spent a lot of time, they have different measurements and people know it, right, then I think that’s the key element on how we’re driving this forward. So I’m very encouraged around it, because both myself and David and the whole management team believe in this approach in order to improve the portfolio and the performance of the Company. So rest assured, we’re on it and as some announcement is coming you will know its one of the first when we have told people internally.
Inge Thulin: We probably don’t look upon a product line by product line, we will follow it from the market perspective and I will say that we have a very good customer insight and interaction with customers. So we’re able to follow very well. I think one of the advantages for us is the closeness that we have to – to our customers and the customer intimacy based on a lot of technologies that we’re working together with them on both on platforms that they’re developing, which is an indicator of when can that be launched, yes or no and also consumables in the industry. So we can have some businesses that we will see and early uptick that it is a good indication. But I will not say we’re not following it that way, we take an approach of following each marketplace if you like and get solid input and then have those dialogues, which is a combination of external facts and data and what our team saw talking about. So that’s the answer to that question.
Inge Thulin: Thank you. Excuse me, we ran a little late, but we had a lot of questions and they were good questions. So thanks for those and thanks for joining us today. And I appreciate your listening in. Bye, bye.
David Meline: Yeah, so if you look at China, first of all I’d observe that we saw a 10% organic local currency growth again here in the first quarter and if you take that and separate Electronics and the balance of the business we ran at 8%. So, if you think of base business at 8% in China versus it was at 10% in the fourth quarter of last year, so due pretty steady. And then you saw a decline in the Electronics, and in this case Energy segment including renewable, that caused the total growth in China to go from 16% to 10%. So we’re seeing part of the Electronics issues that I referred to in Energy are based in China as they have a big renewable business there. So, we saw decline in that area which we expect will continue into the second quarter. Whereas in the base businesses, industrial for example and safety and graphics ran at 10% and 11% respectively which is very consistent with what we saw as we finished the year last year.
David Meline: Yeah, from what we can see now if you look at China, the headwinds and tailwinds that we see for margins for the year, Nigel, certainly as we knew would be the case, we have some positives in terms of margins year-over-year in terms of the pension and OPEB expense. As you would note in the first quarter, we did see continued benefits in our margins from raw materials and pricing. So although we've indicated, we think that in our planning that that would moderate through the year. Certainly it's notable in terms of support of margins. And I think importantly, if you look at the headwinds there, we do have some higher level of integration costs of the acquisitions which we did late last year, so those are hitting more heavily in the first quarter. So that will tend to subside through the year. And then finally utilization and the utilization piece, there's several areas where we have underutilization in the quarter. One of them is in the film making equipment. So if you think about the fact that the renewable Energy business has seen quite a substantial downturn, there's inventory adjustments going on in that space that we think will have the biggest impact here in Q1 and to a certain extent still in Q2. If you think about film making for Electronics, as we mentioned and likewise there, we see inventory adjustments that have been taking place in Q1 which we think by the midyear, those will be completed and so we'll see a better utilization pattern in that area. And then finally, we do mention industrial and you have some specific areas of industrial, some materials that we make that are specialty materials that go into areas like high performance gaskets that are used in automotive products where they have had an inventory correction which now we see that actually has – will have been completed here by April. So we see those areas which will enable that underutilization to be addressed and that is obviously supportive of margins as we go forward. So in summary, as we entered the year we – we felt good about our ability to continue to deliver both growth and margins and we continue to believe that's the case.
David Meline: Sure. So, what I would say is that as we entered the year, we were quite cautious not the similar to how we operated the business throughout basically in the entire 2012, and so we’ve been managing cost quite cautiously through last year, through the first quarter and frankly we’re in a position now where we will continue to do that until such time that we see our growth picking up more strongly which would support incremental investments in certain areas. At the same time and I think it’s apparent and hopefully you picked up from some of our comments here, we have no intention of backing of the investments that we believe are appropriate for the long-term health of the business. So whether that be building out this emerging and developing market presence, whether that's building at our capabilities with our systems as I talked about which are significant commitments we're making, ramping up the R&D with a particular focus on the innovation area for some of these longer-term breakthroughs. We have the capability do that and we expect to continue there.
David Meline: Yeah. So in the quarter we have 0.9% favorable impact on our margin year-over-year, combination of both price and raws as you know, Ajay. And if I just take the pieces, first of all on pricing, as we entered the year, we expected to see relatively minimal benefit from pricing through the year. And in fact Q1 was a little bit better than we expected. As I look at the year on pricing, I would say it's still too early for me to think about adjusting my view on pricing for the year. And if I look at raw materials, likewise, we did benefit in the first quarter from continued tailwinds from lower raw material costs. We had said – for the year, we thought we would have a plus or minus $0.05 impact as a result of raw materials and quite honestly there it depends very much as to the direction of the economy as to how that one is going to play out.
David Meline: Yeah, it's a good question, Ajay. So what I'd say is the particular area of that that we've called out here is in the Energy and Electronics business. And what you see happening is that we put those businesses together with a very specific intention to better utilize our assets and more effectively across those segments over time. So if you think about the assets that we use to support our renewable business and our film making business pointed at the Electronics space, by having those under a single umbrella what we're already seeing now is the guys are able to even more adeptly manage that capacity. So in this case, as we see renewable Energy which is going through a very swift downturn, we've already made some adjustments for our capacity plans so that we're repurposing that capacity towards other film making activities. What's also true and an example of that would be we have a growing segment right now in the touch screen area, and so we've already repurposed some capacity that we'd originally expected to be adding, we’ve been able to repurpose existing point about that touch-screen market. So, while we wouldn’t foresee right now any need to rationalize per se what you could see over time which is a typical 3M type model which is okay, we’re repurposing and redirecting capacity towards another business that’s growing when we’ve got one that’s not doing as well in the future.
David Meline: Yeah, so that’s right. In last year the raw materials in the second half including the fourth quarter was over 3%, and a little over if you look for the full-year in ’12 a little over 2%. This first quarter we saw that decline somewhat, but it was still over 2% favorable.
David Meline: Generally speaking as we look at the Electronics outlook, what do we see? We see a first half; second half phenomenon quite frankly not dissimilar to what we experienced last year. And if I think about that first half, first quarter, second quarter whether it would be growth percentages, whether it would be dollar numbers. We think that it's going to be pretty stable through the first half.
David Meline: So if you look at the quarter it was a little lower because of some things that happened in Q1 of last year, we think for the year $350 million to $400 million.
David Meline: Certainly we are holding our guidance for growth for earnings for the year, $660 million to $685 million versus $632 last year. We saw a modest growth of income in the first quarter. And quite frankly we’re driving to generate earnings in growth in every growth and that will certainly include the second quarter.
David Meline: Yeah. So, Steve on taxes, what's true is actually the R&D, the pick up we got for the deferral of the extenders actually was beneficial to us in the first quarter by 1.7%. So, inside of that first quarter 29.1% we did have a benefit, but what's also true is, if you look at the first quarter the underlying run rate was closer to 31% for the quarter. Typically our highest tax rate is in the first quarter of each year and it moderates through the year. So we expect 29.5% to 30% for the full-year same as we had originally set out and we think it will run fairly stable through the year.
David Meline: Yeah. Well, let me make some comment on Japan in a bigger picture. We have – what is happening in Japan now is something that we in a way could predict quite some time ago, so we have worked on Japan as a business for quite some time. In fact, we started in the beginning of 2009 was when we took a big charge in order to reset our operation there. And since that, we have done a lot of things in order to make sure that we have a better competitive position in Japan, and that have been resetting of the manufacturing footprint. We made an acquisition later as you call, A1 which is into the Consumer business group. And we have started to shift our resources, I would say, to more domestic businesses and for us more domestic will be the Consumer business, the Healthcare business and some of the safety businesses while we have really put emphases on the local manufacturing for automotive specifically and the electronic area per se. So we have been working this for quite some time. And when we look on our result in Japan, the interesting thing for us is we look now in terms of growth for Healthcare for the quarter was over 6%, for Consumer over 7% and so we get traction there. And I think we are very well set for the future in Japan, but it will take some time for us. Now for them, I think when you talked about export and importing in and out of Japan, this will take some time for them to get the plant working. So we hear good things. If you have interacted and worked with Japan over time, you also know this will take some time before [that will] come traction. But generally speaking, we have a good, solid manufacturing footprint in Japan that we can capitalize on already now if it pick up for them in terms of domestic manufacturing which is what they will like by definition, that's what they are driving at. And we have in fact our biggest super hub in the world is in Yamagata in Japan. So we have incredible capabilities there already now to capitalize if they will take off, which we assume they will in terms of domestic manufacturing. I hope that's helped.
David Meline: Yeah. So what I would say, Steve, is the guidance we gave which still looks good for us is the gross buyback of 2 billion to 3 billion for the year. And as I said earlier, we're running as you can see at the high end of that range. And if you look at the net buyback that we called out, I think it was around 1 billion to 1.5 billion for the year. And in fact you're right. We expect that to be towards – the reassurance towards the high end. In that there was a lot of reissuance this first quarter as we saw record share price for the company. So I don't know how to predict how that's going to play out, but we're continuing to maintain our view that both gross as well as net would be able to achieve the original allocation plan we set out.
David Meline: Sure. Yeah, maybe I can address that, Joe. So if you look at the Electronics and Energy business, a couple of I think relevant kind of context points. One is as we did enter the year we did put the widest range on sales growth of the five sectors. We defined around this business because it was our perception that there was some uncertainty coming into the year. So we’ve got -- if I recall 1% to 6% for the year is the range. We continue to believe that that’s a good range for the segment despite having run below that obviously in the first quarter and we expect to run at a low level in the second. So, we do expect to pick up in the second half which again is, I think not inconsistent with indicators that you would observe elsewhere. In terms of the margin performance for the business; as we kind of set up the year and try to give some indication as how we thought that would develop. We did indicate that we thought E&E for the year would have margins below the Company’s average in fact in the high teens. And we continue to expect that to be true. So, I think you can infer that you’ll see a first half, second half pattern both in growth as well as the consequent margins related to that sector.
David Meline: Yeah. So, I guess, what I would say on Healthcare margin likewise we did indicate that we thought this year we would continue to run at similar margin levels as we’ve seen through last year, which has been 30 plus for that sector even though we think maybe long-term view is a little bit below that. You did see it come down a little bit in the quarter year-over-year. Certainly we have identifiable aspects, one being a 0.4% impact of the new device tax on a year-over-year basis. As I mentioned the ERP cost that the businesses are picking up in the first quarter creates an additional 0.3% headwind on our sector margin basis in the first quarter and that will continue. So, if you think about those couple of factors in the context of the overall margin performance, I think you could and you should take a way to view that we continue to believe that the business and the sector is very healthy and will run pretty stable at a high level through the year.
David Meline: Yeah, great question, Scott. I guess, we don’t think about it as a pure pass through that you receive cost increase and then you pass the price through to the market. Our view is that we need to look at the offerings that we provide to the market. We need to remain competitive. We need to make sure we manage our cost so that we get a margin for our efforts. So I don't think of them as having such a direct relationship, if you will. And you probably know, in that field specifically, in the health care field is very difficult to pass it on because you have to pass it on then in terms of price increases, right.
David Meline: No, it's a good question. So a couple of comments. One is if you look at on an overall basis, the historical pattern of the share count, we over the last decade have seen a decline typically on average around 1% annually. And as we look at – we looked into this next five-year plan that we talked about late last year, our current expectation is that decline will increase somewhat to 1.5% to 2% area going forward. And that's a few things. One is, as we think about how we allocate capital in that direction. And secondly and importantly, there have been some changes to the compensation plans that have been put in place over time. So, for example, in 2007, there was a change in terms of the mix of comp which resulted in the number of options being granted to be reduced in half. So it's a little bit like a longer term phenomenon, but we're now seeing coming to a step down in terms of the overall number of options that are outstanding and have not been reissued the shares yet. And if you look at the first quarter to your comment and quite frankly with the way the stock price performed, we saw a lot of reissuance occur then. So we think that the total outstanding unexercised count of options probably will be cut in half by year-end from where it was as recently as a few years ago.
David Meline: Yeah, Deane, thanks for the question. So, yeah, we continue with the same approach that we've had in the past which is on a rolling basis to be hedging 50% of our exposure. So that would certainly include the yen. I think more specifically if I look at the pattern and we compare the impact of this valuation on a year-over-year quarterly basis on what we do see is we called out $0.05 headwind year-over-year now as we move through and that’s concentrated in the first half. So – and specifically we think we will have a if exchange rates stayed at a similar level to where they ended these recent days, we’d expect to see something that came to $0.03 to $0.04 of that impact, impacting us in Q2.
David Meline: They would show – what happens is as we have hedge accounting treatment on both the exposure and these matching hedges, so that’s how we’re able to predict as I just described the P&L impact in the second quarter because we know what those unrealized gains and losses are and so if exchange rates are unchanged as we move forward, those contracts will be maturing throughout the year including the second quarter and therefore what I'm referring to is the unrealized gains and losses that we can see on the book right now.
