David W. Meline: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Page #3. I'm going to start today with a few brief comments on the quarter, along with discussion of our current macro view, which has changed since the second quarter call. At the time of our July earnings call, the late quarter data was hinting that global economic growth was beginning to moderate. We felt it in our results and described it as such. But at that early point, it was difficult to ascertain the extent to which that softness might extend into Q3. Signs indicated this was temporary, and that better growth rates would resume in the second half of the year. Japan, of course, further clouded the picture. In this quarter's results, you will see that several of our businesses grew nicely. We posted worldwide sales of $7.5 billion, a 10% increase over last year's third quarter, and notably, a record for any third quarter in our history. 3 of our 6 businesses posted double-digit increases, namely Industrial and Transportation, Safety Security and Protection and Health Care and our Consumer business expanded their sales as well. Growth in these 4 segments was achieved through a combination of good organic volume, selling price increases and acquisitions, along with a dose of positive currency benefit. So while there is definitely growth to be had in this economy, certain segments clearly hit an inflection point in the quarter and some retreated. Western Europe is experiencing challenges given the uncertainty around fiscal and monetary policy direction. This is impacting consumer confidence and spreading to the manufacturing sector. Our organic volumes in Western Europe declined 4% in the third quarter after a flat results in the second quarter and a 4% increase in the first. The consumer electronics markets, excluding handhelds, slowed considerably as the third quarter progressed, which impacted our sales in Electro and Communications, and we also saw it creeping into factory automation too. We sell a broad array of component solutions to all types of electronic OEMs and roughly 1/2 of this business's sales go to the electronics industry. We know from history that electronic cycles are fast so volume declines are deep and short. But the good news is, is they also normalize quickly. In Display and Graphics, LCD TV remains the story, as OEMs are fighting a battle to lower prices, reduce inventories, and yet still create value for retail customers. By and large, with the exception of Consumer and Office and Health Care, we are a component supplier to our customers. Our products are generally consumed in our customer's manufacturing processes or embedded in the customer's end products. So our business is fairly short cycle. This means that when economic trends turn down, our customers alter production schedules and we feel the impact sooner than most. And those changes are nearly always accompanied by temporary inventory transients, which amplify the impact on our sales. Bear in mind this phenomena works in both directions. When the economy turns back up, volumes recover sooner and our growth is amplified as the channel fills again. We've been through these corrections many times in our past, and we know how to respond. Inge will speak more to this in a few minute moments. With that brief intro, I would like to now turn call over to Inge who will review the quarterly performance of our 6 business segments. Please turn to Slide #4.
David W. Meline: Okay. Yes. On the first question concerning year-end shutdowns, what we see in particular is in the areas where we've seen weakening demands. So, for example, in the Optical systems division, we expect in the fourth quarter to have a continued weak demand in that area. And so, our factories supporting that activity will be running much lower than their full capacity, approaching the level that we experienced last year in the fourth quarter. If you look at D&G for the year, we, had last time indicated we thought Display and Graphics sales for the full year would be about flat. We're now expecting that to be in the low to -- in the mid to low single digits on a negative basis. If you look at the Electronics business in ECB, likewise, we're seeing reduced demand and declining requirements from a number of our customer areas, not only in consumer electronics, but also as we have mentioned, spilling over into some of the factory automation area. So we will have lower demand there, which will lower overall sales for that sector to the mid-single digits for the year. In terms of troughing, I would say we haven't really seen yet -- we don't expect to see an upturn yet. But what the indication is right now on October sales is that we're running  pretty consistent with what we had had for the overall third quarter sales space.
David W. Meline: Yes, so obviously, we're still right in the middle of doing our '12 planning right now. But the way we're looking at this is, with the running rate where we expect sales to be more moderate next year -- sales growth to be moderate, what we're really looking at is rebalancing our plans so that we're going to run much tighter on the cost side through the year. And so we would expect that to show up -- that improvement to show up in combination between not only cost of goods, but a big piece of that we would expect to see in the SG&A area.
David W. Meline: Yes. What I would say is that, exactly. We've seen an increase this year, which is being driven across the business as we localize our production around the world and respond to the fact that coming out of the last recession, we've run up against capacity limitations in a number of the areas. In the context of what we're looking at for next year and beyond, right now, we're not expecting a double-dip recession like the kind of recession we had in the last period. And therefore, we expect actually to see those capital expenditure demands to continue into 2012.  So we don't see that right now backing off significantly at all.
David W. Meline: Sure. So in terms of by segments, the non-electronics businesses. So if I look at Consumer and Office and Health Care, we expect that the running rate on those, on an organic volume basis, will be similar to what we saw in Q4. So if you look at the full year sales for those businesses, we expect them to finish a full-year basis to be at the low end of the original guidance we'd given last year in December. If you look at ITB and SS&PS, in particular, we're seeing some softening in the third quarter. We expect the running rate in the fourth quarter to be similar to the third quarter rates, which would put those 2 businesses towards the low end of the range that we've set out last year for organic volume growth for those sectors, and the primary driver of that softening is what we saw in Europe in the quarter. So I think that's -- answers your question.
David W. Meline: Yes. So if you look at the comments that I think I made on that, right now, what we're looking at is, first of all, 3M's model, if you think about our business model, we're always in some kind of a change. I wouldn't call it a restructuring, but we're adding, we're trimming, we're moving people, we're redeploying assets. And so, that continues. So as Inge mentioned in the couple of the business, while we haven't talked a lot about headline restructuring, we've adjusted the manning levels, for example, in Mike's D&G business by 1,200 people in the last quarter. And we're adjusting in electronics, where we're also seeing the biggest effect. So we're making those changes as part of a normal course of the business. We continue to do that obviously in a weaker growth environment, overall, we're also making adjustments, but the $5.85 to $5.95 we have in the guidance now does not contemplate any type of additional special restructuring costs beyond the normal course that we're doing. And in terms of the planning for next year, frankly, we're going through that right now. As I said, as we looked at it, we were driving towards a point improvement for the business. That will involve taking a more cautious line in terms of how we're investing to grow, and that growth is  going to be delayed. And eventually, we have to look at all of our businesses and make sure we're competitive. So we'll have to come out with more details here as we firm that up.
David W. Meline: We don't -- to be honest, Steve, we don't quantify in a specific way x amount of dollars in a quarter or a year because it's the normal course of the business that the guys run. So as I say, redeploying resources, re-purposing assets is normal of course. So I frankly wouldn't call out a particular dollar amount attributable to that.
David W. Meline: Hold on, I would -- well, let me talk about it trend wise. What we've seen this year, and if we look at the 2012 plans, there's definitely been a shift for us moving, obviously, more to the growth investments. So it's probably up, if I were to guess and Matt can confirm after the call, but it's probably up 10 points from something like 50% to 60% is what we would call growth CapEx in 2011. And we expect that to continue.
David W. Meline: In terms of margins, see if I can respond, and if not, you can come back at me. Health Care, we did 29.5% in the quarter. As we've said before, we think that's the sweet spot for the business in terms of, on the high 20s. We are getting the kinds of price improvements that we've expected from the businesses. They're modest, because obviously, there's a lot of pressure, in particular in the mature markets, but we've been very encouraged here in Health Care through the year, we've seen increasing momentum for the business in the emerging markets as we've been investing to improve our position. So margins, we look at that, we think that for the foreseeable future is a good level from a planning perspective. In terms of ECB, we have not seen an overall price decline. Of course think about ECB as a combination of about half of the businesses is in the communications and in the electrical infrastructure space, and half is in the consumer electronics. So, a combination of those is, we're able to maintain price on an overall basis. And the key issue for us in terms of managing the price cost equation in consumer electronics, of course, is to continue to be specked into new products, to continue to innovate so that we can offer value to the customer and continue to get acceptable margins on the products. And I would say that's definitely true, despite this temporary correction that's taking place. We're very pleased with the momentum in the business in terms of achieving exactly that objective.
David W. Meline: I would say, again, early planning, we haven't finalized, Shannon, so we'll do that in December certainly. But do we expect any big swings? I would say probably the area that we'll be focused on in terms of possible change in margin will be in D&G because we expect frankly, that the TV business, which is part of the Optical systems division, is likely to continue under pressure next year for us, which will put some pressure on the margin in that business. But -- so take that into account. We think that it's still reasonable to expect to move the business backup, in this case, more to a 22% type margin from where we expect to complete the year at 21%.
David W. Meline: Yes, that type of the trend. So what I expect when we close the year, if I look at my total organic volume for ITB and SS&PS, it'll be at the low end of the original guidance range. So we had said 7% to 9% for ITB for the year. I expect to be towards the low end of that range. SS&PS, we had said 4% to 6% for the year. Again, I expect to be at the low end. In both cases, the key driver of that, which is a softening from what we expected when we were on the call in July is primarily around Europe and a little bit in ITB. They sell into the electronics business.
David W. Meline: Yes, we're looking at 4Q right now as being in the range that we experienced in the third quarter. So relatively flat.
George W. Buckley: Laurence, this is George here. This is, kind of, a little bit on to the backing to what David said. We typically see these things when they happen, if you sort of look at the cause and effect, if you go back to the numbers in IPI in the last couple of quarters, they've dropped by 2 full-percentage points, 200 basis points. What we always see is, that sort of amplified in our supply chain and then it bumps along the bottom, and for a couple of quarters, depending on the efficiency of the supply chain, clearing the excess inventory. And then it begins to creep back up. So we wouldn't expect to be seeing it just yet, but we would probably, if that model that we used in 2009, that seem to work so well there. If that continued, then you'd expect to see that, sort of, begin to sort of ease back up towards the end of the year or maybe into the first quarter next year. That's kind of what you'd expect from the demands that we've seen in the past.
George W. Buckley: Steve, this is George. Let me just dip in one thing on the CapEx. Obviously, we allow CapEx plans and plant capacity in building over a period of many years. And our guys have not backed off their positive feelings about our growth prospects going forward. And about the many markets that we're managing to make great inroads into. So I think we wouldn't necessarily want to send any signals that we're suddenly giving up on the future just because these source of turbulent issues that you take in place partly in Europe and partly in the consumer electronics business. So we're just -- just want sort of reassure you that there is a pretty bright future out there and we expect to make it happen.
George W. Buckley: Yes. Sure. I happen to have the unfortunate position, or joy, I'm not sure what it was, of forecasting that last sequencing and getting it right. And I think it was you that said I couldn't get out of the business until I got it wrong. So I hope I'm not going to get out of the business right now, but anyway, let me tell -- give an answer to your question. The modeling that I did actually back -- and it was a long time ago, almost in 2010, suggested that we would have -- I'm speaking here, Deane, about U.S. numbers. We can use U.S. as kind of a proxy for the world, but the U.S. would begin positive growth. It would peak -- that growth rate would peak somewhere around the middle of 2012. But the average over the half cycle would only be about 1.8% or 2%, and that's what that forecast suggested. So we're not actually expecting any kind of a big double-dip. In fact, I've called it internally a double dimple if you did -- it actually came, a little bit of a play on words I know. So I think we certainly see the reset -- we certainly see the worries I think, in the consumer markets. A lot of stuff driven of course by this European sovereign debt idea. But I think, probably, somewhat slower growth next year, Deane, for the United States. My personal guess is -- in fact the calculation says 1.8%, that I personally did for next year. So, you can take that as positive because it's -- at least the numbers are positive and it's not a sort of cataclysmic downturn. So, I think we'll see this kind of contraction. It will pass through the system. Those markets which are being affected, absent Europe, are pretty fast turnaround markets, Deane. So I think we're going to be okay for next year. I don't think -- absent some pension headwinds, I think, we'll see because of returns and discount rates. But above that, we feel quite confident we'll still have a decent year next year.
George W. Buckley: Well, of course, we've made the calculations based on the same model we used in 2009. And they actually add up not too far off the numbers that we've seen, Deane, and you've got this aberration of Optical going out there, it's kind of muddying the water. But even if you did the quick calculations dropping from 5 to 3, we usually see that delta of 2, amplified by about 3, which will give you negative 1. At the growth that we're getting from NPVI, would put you back up in the mid-2s -- early 2s, and that's about what we see. So, it seems like the model still works as long as you don't try to put too much precision and accuracy into it, Deane. It seems to be working okay. And if it followed the same pattern in supply chain efficiency that we've seen before, the thing would begin to ease and in December, maybe early in the first quarter of 2012, recognizing of course, December itself is usually a pretty kind of meh month for most of us anyway, since there's not much activity. But generally, more cautious, but generally positive outlooks, Steve -- Deane.
George W. Buckley: Steve, just let me say one other thing, which I hope will be helpful to you. Just -- remembering that we're investing to try to get a lot of the manufacturing capacity we currently have in the wrong places, in the right places. So there will always be an element of our CapEx spend, which is a little above, perhaps, what you might relate just to demand alone, so there's an element there. And so the patents that you see flowing from that are greater spend overseas, greater spend in markets which are growing very fast, energy conservation, and so on, and so forth. Some of which probably not may actually be resident here in the United States. And then last, but not least, one of the things that we decided we're really going to push on this coming year is to try to find a way to allocate an incremental cost, a piece of that capital to focus on driving gross margin, which is a supporting piece of the overall numbers that we're going to target for improvements next year. I would tell you that, while David is absolutely right, we haven't finalized these plans at all. We're still in that process. If you imagine, some elements of it had already been exposed, and we feel pretty confident, not just from a gross margin improvement location for efficiency and through automation, but actually in the overall cost reductions, we feel pretty confident we can get out those numbers or even better numbers. So it's well within our sights, it's well within our capability, and we'll give you some more details on that, Steve, in December, when we speak to you.
George W. Buckley: Additional comment on Health Care. I think if you -- as I made some comments in my opening remarks, we have accelerated our investment in emerging market for Health Care, and we now start to see the result in terms of penetration. Also, as we build out our capabilities around patient warming, that is going right into Infection Prevention based on the acquisition we made 1 year ago, that is also working very well for us. But there's some investment on that, which is mostly for additional investment into the international markets, where we happen to see opportunities.
George W. Buckley: Alina, this is George. Historically, that's not happened. I think, perhaps -- we suffered a little bit in the opposite direction in this particular case. We were probably a little bit late to the party on price this year. We've done some great job, I think, of catching up. But of course when you see a declining market, it is harder to get price, but we haven't found anything in our history that would suggest that we have to give up price. So I think that the chances of that happening, Alina are low, but I think it's a good question.
George W. Buckley: Yes, sure. Well, it's running around -- I think our target for the end of the end year, we were hoping to get to around 33, but it's running around 32. There was a big -- this is just a sort of, in a sense a part of it is an exercise in arithmetic, there was a big drop off of the big Optical product that was $500 million in sales. So arithmetically, it was just a bit of a harder target this year, but it seems to be running very, very well. I got some data from Chris Holmes in the industrial business yesterday that suggested this thing continues to accelerate and we think ultimately, it's unquestionably the way to make sure our growth rate is sustained. Notwithstanding the fact you do get these transients that most people in our company do see, and they come and they go. And we see both sides of them. We get the penalty when their adjustment is down, and we get the benefit when their adjustment is up. But they're not long-lived. They're typically about 6 months, and we hope that patent will follow here in this particular case too.
George W. Buckley: And you can expect, Shannon, in some places -- as you kind of scan down the array of businesses that we have and the geographies that we have, there are different leverage ratios in different businesses. Some are at 1 or a little under 1, some are at much higher. And the obvious correlation is those that have the lowest leverage are those that we're making most investments in where we expect the highest growth, and those that we have the greatest need to either restructure or find ways to cut cost and get productivity, they will have the highest leverage. And so let's say, it's a bit of a smorgasbord of different numbers right across the company. But net-net, certainly not preliminary work, it looks well within the chance of doing.
George W. Buckley: Well, I made the comment because what I wanted to do is not just dump consumer electronics, but to recognize that some of the businesses that we serve, serve not just consumer electronics, but electronics more generally in medical and even in Automotive in some cases. So I wanted to just hint to people that it's not -- this is not just in these locations alone, and you can well imagine that if weakness was to persist for a long time in consumer electronics, but then you have to expect that it would then ultimately begin to creep out in other places. We do see it in our results, Shannon, we do have, for example, in the Industrial and Transportation business, our industrial Adhesives and Tapes business which is in that segment serves the electronics market -- all electronics markets, and they certainly saw some softening as well, which was consistent and contemporaneous with that in the more traditional electronics businesses that we report separately. So the -- I suppose the thing that we all wonder about is, is this going to be contained only in this area. The beauty of electronics is the blasted thing comes back so fast. I remember, Shannon the forecast on TSMC utilization being at 35% in 2009, and some people tried to convince me that they would remain under 60% for 5 years. And I said, it's just not going to happen, guys. And so these things, just they do, they do recover very, very quickly. I mean, you could argue that there needs to be a catalyzing event in the end market, but I think it's too soon to -- I could be forecasting any broader malaise, and with a little bit more data, we'll know, but I think for now it's a bit too early for that kind of forecast.
George W. Buckley: I'm suggesting if it continues, we'd expect to. It's not in Health Care right now. In fact actually the Health Care results, as you've seen, they had a tougher period of time last year and had begun to sort of recover this year, in fact, they're doing quite well. And Automotive has really followed the same pattern. You do have a little bit of sort of another fly in the ointment as you might say, which is this issue of Thailand. You've got these floods in Thailand, and Thailand is a great source of Automotive components for the world, in particular for Japan. And they have a very -- they are a strong 2-wheel market. So, as I sometimes say, just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water, not to use a pun in Thailand, we may yet see some other cascading impacts from our supply chain in Thailand that give Japan a little bit of a ding as well. So that's additive to this mix, and it's too soon to tell whether that will be or will not be a problem.
George W. Buckley: Japan is actually probably doing a little bit -- notwithstanding what I said about Thailand, Japan is probably doing a little bit better than what we thought, and it's probably a little bit in advance of where we thought in its recovery. So I think that part of it is okay. Remind me the second piece of the question, Jeff, I forgot sorry.
George W. Buckley: Oh, insurance. Yes. We've not actually got any money in over the transient, but we met with our insurance people yesterday and there were some -- without me being specific about the numbers, because David will strangle me if I am, there was a reason for optimism that's somewhere around half of our number -- of our impact might get covered.
George W. Buckley: Very close is the answer to that question, Jeff. Now we're down at about 20% detachment rates in TVs. That thing historically in the old days, in the glory days of Optical, was up in 70s, it sort of went through a transition over a period of couple of years. Bumped down even as low as -- we were expecting to go as low as 12 or 13. I don't think it have actually quite made that number. But it's certainly going into the teens, and now we're bumping along in the 20s. I think in all candor, it's really -- it's like a tale of 2 cities, it really is. The mobile device, hand-held type device market, even the monitor devices, some lovely new innovations due to hit the market in monitors that you'll see that we benefit from. But in the -- that seems to be completely robust. It's a wonderful, wonderful business. It grows rapidly, highly profitable. TVs on the other hand is the flipside of that coin. It's a market which is characterized by way too much capacity, it has scrambles per share, full channels, incentives to retailers, incentives to consumers to flush it out. And of course then, that all backs up in very, very heavy pricing pressure on people -- so that TV piece of the business is not all that profitable, but net-net, Optical is still very profitable. So I think we're getting to the point, Jeff, as you asked really, where it's just ultimately, I think in 2 to 3 years, becomes a vanishingly small part of the problem and ultimately, if not disappear, it will certainly fade into the background of our company.
George W. Buckley: Yes, this -- it would be a slag. This is George, Terry. Recognizing it's really a good idea to make too many swies, but I would say that's -- it's a good -- that inventory question -- it's probably 1.5 of growth on the year will be my guess.
George W. Buckley: I don't think there's any material change in our outlook on R&D, Terry. I mean, it comes from a couple of points. Number one, these are not like factory resources that you can kind of turn on and turn off. These are PhD scientist that in the end -- they're not something you can park away and bring them back in a quarter or a half years time. So you have that challenge. Above and beyond that, we've always taken the view, Terry, it certainly works so very, very well for us in 2009 that we can't eat sea prawn  -- in this kind of time, it's ever more important to build and differentiate our products through new product development in R&D. And it's worked so well for us. So in the future, Terry, I don't see any material changes in that as an approach. We may have the margins, we often have -- David and I and now Inge have a little bit of a kitty that we keep to one side that we will invest in new business development. That can be $100 million, even $200 million in some years. We probably will be -- a little bit more circumspect with those sorts of things. But I think in the net core R&D, we don't expect to change our philosophy essentially at all.
George W. Buckley: Well, thank you very much, everybody. It's great to talk to you all again. And we look forward to talking to you sometime in December. Thanks a lot, guys. Goodbye.
Inge G. Thulin: This is Inge. Just a comment, David comment on Display and Graphics and Electro and Communications. As you also see on the result, of course, West Europe -- and we have taken action there relatively early in the process. I think already 18 months ago was when we looked upon that organization and we did 2 things: We split off Central East Europe and Middle East Africa from West Europe. So we separate out our organization, and at the same time, we regionalized in West Europe. And that you saw the savings that we see there, around $10 million for this year. And -- so that have been to adjust the organization based on their situation in West Europe. So, I think that's an important thing for us to make sure that we optimize the structure, reduce the layer, go for more investment in the front-end and type of reduce in the back offices. And that's one of the things to where have gone in Europe and form those regions, where we today, rather than have 4 fully subsidiaries. In Nordic, we have -- now 1 Nordic organization. We have 1 organization in Benelux, rather than 2 subsidiaries. We have 1 region in Alpine versus 2 subsidiaries, so Switzerland and Austria, and we have also Iberia, which is a combination of Portugal and Spain. Although savings is helping us a lot and we're adjusting that as we go.
Inge G. Thulin: And that's the corporate average. If you take Electro and Communication, it's way above that. And that's also one of the reasons why we continue to make sure we make the right investment in Research and Development as we move ahead for some of those businesses. One, Electro and Communication, where it's very important to have the latest technology as the market will turn at the time here, which we think is in a couple of quarters.
Inge G. Thulin: Yes, I think -- as we all know, as many things going on in Europe. Everything is starting maybe with consumer confidence that is down, right? But if you look upon it geographically, there's a -- it's a couple of places that still are doing well. And Germany is doing relatively well, so is Nordic and also the Alpine regions. So that means that Germany, Switzerland and Austria, together with Nordic, are still doing well for us. And I'm saying, well, we have local currency growth there in the quarter from 8 to 12 percentage. So doing well, slowing a little bit. And why it's slowing, it's very much also due to the fact that there is a -- government spending is down, which means that for traffic safety and security, that will slow down our business and also a little bit into Health Care of course, right, even if that's a private sector. So that's slowing a little bit. And then we saw, generally speaking, I would say, over Europe in this quarter, specifically, as you saw our growth was down that the manufacturing sector is cutting back production and over time in the plants. And Automotive was a key driver for that. So when we looked at upon it, we would say that, Industrial and Transportation business is a big portion for us, our company in total as the manufacturing sector slowed down a little bit lead by Automotive specifically, we felt that of course. And then you take the government spending holding on, which done -- it impacted Display and Graphics, specifically in Traffic Safety Systems. I think that's what we saw. You know, as we know that still, Italy, Spain and in some cases, U.K., has a little bit of challenge of growth. We also saw, due to the Industrial and Transportation, we also saw a little bit down in respirators, which is going into the overall manufacturing sector. On the other hand, if you take Central East Europe and Middle East Africa, it's doing well for us. So the growth is still coming there. We are doing well, and in fact, Middle East Africa, as you know, we've been -- not we, but the world have had a war that's going on there. And our organization, they have done remarkably well. Now one thing that I would say relative to Europe is, everything is coming down to leadership. And I can tell you that our leadership in West Europe is remarkable and very strong. We have local managing directors in those countries except for 2, which is in U.K. and in Iberia. And those people have been through this before, and they are very, very experienced. And they can take, under this localization strategy that George laid out and we have executed here the last 5 years, this is now a string for us. We have very strong people on the ground that no other countries, and can act immediately. They don't need to wait 24, 48 hours in order to figure out what is going on and get some direction from us back here. Being on the country, they can take action immediately, they speak the language and have all the authority and we have empowered them to take action very fast as things are becoming tougher. So I will say that, the one thing I think that we as management here feel very good about is the strength of our leadership as managing directors back in West Europe and in time like this when we see news, the whole time and everyday in the papers, so what is going on or what is not going on, you sleep a little bit better when you know that you have a very seasonable management back there.
