Matt Ginter: Welcome to our first quarter earnings call and business review. Before we address this quarter’s results, I want to mention two up coming events. First is our up coming Plant Tour and Consumer and Office Business Review, scheduled for the morning of June 29th, at our posted manufacturing facility in Cynthiana, Kentucky. A formal invite will be sent out shortly. In the meantime please hold the date. Also as I mentioned on the January earnings call, we have set aside the morning of Tuesday, December 7th for our Annual Outlook Meeting in New York City. Complete details regarding timing and location will be available later this year. Before I turn things over to George, please take a moment to read the forward-looking statements on slide 2. During today’s conference call, we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views about out future performance and financial results. Those statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Item 1A of our most recent Form 10-K lists some of the most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our predictions. So, let's begin today's review. Turn to slide number three and I’ll turn it over to George.
Matt Ginter: Terry, we had each of the third and fourth quarter about roughly $90 million to $95 million of each one and one related sales last year. So, that’s the 1.5 point drag the George refer to even the second half of this year.
Matt Ginter: On your first question, historically, a few years ago virtually all the growth in Asia was optical for a while but this quarter it was quite balanced. Optical was probably a little under third of the growth in Asia-Pacific and the remainder was really spread across the rest of the portfolio.
Pat Campbell: Scott, obviously there is a very good question and I guess the way were thinking of it is corresponding of our growth opportunities is the highest party for the company. You look at our results in returns that are obviously what we think as the best pay back for the shareholders, and we think the long term growth prospectus for the company. So we are continue to obviously push the organic side of it, we did indicate that we are going to increase some of our investment programs unlike, but importantly we are active in the M&A market. We have announced anything, we are looking at fair amount of deals are in the pipeline, neither George or I feel compelled, though to be pushed okay to utilize the cash that we have in appropriately. So we will remain our cautious sales we always have will be but we are looking at a number of deals across our businesses, probably more focused internationally than recent track record would lead you to believe because of part of it is we do have more cash outside of the US and much more our cash generation capability outside the United States, and we think we are just huge growth potentially outside the United States as well. We made a number of small strategic deals in home care that we have talked about in the like and we were prospecting for those across the logos as we speak. But I would guess more like the second half of the year before you would see much relative to anything of size.
Pat Campbell: Yes Scott there was a piece I was going to pick up on was that I think the piece that would really have start to see a large traction on is our local lab capability in places like China, and have really started to develop a lot of new product idea, so you met skews so forth. They were getting a lot of new products of our developing market lab organizations these days to get price at more appropriate for these markets.
Pat Campbell: Jeff, I don’t think we can give you a precise answer numerically, but can probably give you some of your more qualitative. We saw going into the recession that a number of large OEMs wanted to secure a much more reliable supply chain and we saw that really play out through last year as far as gaining new designs. We just didn’t see the volume and so the recovery came. Then I think the flip side is also happening now is that as the economy improves, I think there’s some competitors who were having more difficult time responding. So I think we’re getting some business back on that side, but I say it’s just pretty much across many of our industrial and electronics business, okay. They’ve been very successful and gaining business there.
Pat Campbell: Terry you’re trying to attract me back into quarterly guidance ago, which you know we are not going to do, but let me try to give you little bit of flavor. You can take our first quarter you're annualizing okay, you kind to get to the high-end of the ranges one way of approaching. and of course, yes, some unusual thing, Q1 we got the stock option expands a hiss that okay and we actually at a lower tax rate okay in Q1 those have tendency kind of offset. But do expect that our normal trend would be that our Q2, Q3 are higher okay than Q1, Q4, it will kind of a normal, kind of course we advance the way that we will see it. Now of course the comps are going to get from a reporting standpoint a little bit unusual here because of course the second quarter was weaker last year than as with the year progressed at the back end of 2009, ended up with some stronger periods and of course, we had a very strong performance in the back half of the year well to the H1N1 demand both on the top line, which were probably impact on our comp assure by about a point now from the back half of the year from a revenue perspective and obviously from a earning standpoint, well. But do expect that generally speaking Q2, Q3 okay should run probably a little bit ahead of the Q1 and then Q4 naturally would have a tendency to fall off a little bit off of Q3, Q4. So I don't see ending this highly unusual this year from kind of a traditional seasonality perspective.
Pat Campbell: Yes, I guess Terry two things, one is: let’s start with the year as a total. For the year, when you look at our change of the top line, bottom line effectively our incremental margins in that 35% to 40% range which is kind of our long-term rate that we have been running to in kind of guide to of course we did a little bit better in the first quarter. What we said is that some of our new growth investments which will start to kick in back towards the back half for the year. We had already talked about maybe $115 million going into the year. We said that we will probably invest another $40 million or so in George’s comments he kind of wrapped R&D together okay and talked about $100 million increase in R&D across this new growth programs would be part of it. So that’s part of the impact that will hits on kind of an incremental basis on going forward basis, and also remember that starting with the second quarter we will re-launch somewhere compensation related programs like merit plans and so forth that we had kind of frozen for the last year. So if you look at the top line and bottom line is more reflective of point through our operating margin okay, level is for the back half of the year.
Pat Campbell: Okay, I’ll describe give you order of magnitude more than likely our 2010 level would be in the $100 million of range revenue. Last year we did about $250. So, of course you got a significant change will be first half of this year and Arroyo was last half of last is on the impact. So, you get a benefit of first and second quarter of this year and then really you get kind of the deterioration in the back half of next year turns.
Pat Campbell: I think, again offset by an unknown amount of the industrial recommend we should not factor into numbers, which we help, and we do have a very nice new product program where we are getting ready to launch and my compensate some of that volumes. So, we need to be pessimistic on that but I think we are trying to tell you the best of we know on the profile those sales of the year.
Pat Campbell: Right, well first of all you are not going to track higher business, we are not going to go back to the margins that we had three to five years ago just a dynamics that industry will not allow that to happen. And I think when you look at the margins of the D&G had 24% margins in that collective businesses is a very good result, and it realistically as well as optical business maintain stronger, which we expected to do here in the near future, will be able to run it those kind of rates.
Pat Campbell: Well, I guess on the retail side still has been more permanent I don't see those beings a transitory change in all large, and I guess I haven't looked that the change in guidance by end market per se, I guess if you just look that plus taking our guidance by five points you could argue that maybe 30% to 40% of that probably is kind to be electronics related, that would be a little bit higher than what our total businesses okay, in electronics, but when you look that I think were the growth rate is so forth is cross some more businesses that probably be a kind of more than order magnitude number Lawrence.
Pat Campbell: I think it is Steve what we’ve said is that overall long -term period of time that business maybe in the high yield a high 20s, it’s a great business and the more volume that you have to, it’s a very profitable business, so it's able to maintain the 30% type margin without really starting it, what we’re hoping to do is over time that what we can do is find additional growth investments in that business which may bring us its margins down, but I don’t anticipate that is going to happen over night. There will be more of a gradual change as compared to a kind of a one quarter movement actually. That’s a fantastic business and if you just do the math it's pretty hard to bring that margin down if you got any kind of growth going on.
Pat Campbell: Steve, I wouldn’t characterize it at all as any kind of an abnormal pressure. I think part of course what you’re seeing is, I think demand has snap back so rapidly here in Q1 in a number of spaces. The biggest concern we’ve had the suppliers and I think others have had is supply capability as much as anything right now, and I think once we get the supply system where it needs to be then obviously, you can get into price discussion, but right now, I think the biggest concern a lot of us have is, can we get product.
Pat Campbell: We’re planning kind of a flat pricing environment for the year, this year Steven, we haven’t changed that view.
Pat Campbell: Steve, I don’t as being significant is obviously manageable within the size of our business and obviously taking into consideration in our guidance for the year, I think on the comp side is about $0.04 to $0.05 on they gone quarterly basis is kind of what we are probably putting back into the system but what we can manage.
Pat Campbell: I will say the big change Steve as really been in the volume side. If you go back to our December meeting or any other conversation we had is the biggest change in that whole waterfall really has been on the volume side the equation.
Pat Campbell: Yes, you got an appropriate comment if you look at kind year-over-year and so forth from a comps standpoint, but Steven really coming off the fourth quarter, you have to remember that fourth quarter was actually a good quarter for us. We had very decent quarter specially vis-à-vis any kind of the economic indicators in life. So we have seen good sequential change in our business and actually what makes us feel good about actually increase in your guidance for the whole year is really the rate of change that we have had in our business. I don’t see there is anything unusual there at all.
Pat Campbell: Well, it should be positive and just wanted to remind you, back half of the year as Matt had pointed out each one and when we do have kind of headwind about a point and a half in the back half of the year, but we will be positive if you take our guidance and you kind of extrapolate it implies kind of 7% to 10% growth rate through the back half of the year. My guess it kind of anticipate just the concept private be a little bit better in the second quarter that is in the back half of the year but that’s how we are thinking of the business.
George Buckley: Scott, we follow the same pattern that we always have slightly can we close to call; it will be very easily manageable. I don't think Pat or I see any hugely disruptive or blockbuster acquisitions. And when you look behind these numbers one thing that perhaps we didn’t emphasis strongly we might it done is, we’ve got a lot of places in these new advanced technology that we’ve release, Scott. That really capacity is just being mopped up immediately. So, we do have some pretty good internal choices although they obviously small relative spend time they are relative to some of things he is speaking about. So, overall I think, situation gives great choices and we’ll develop as the year unfolds.
George Buckley: Well, we have been building plans Scott, last few years. So, there is no question having locally available capacity is part of issue I think, that we followed a China for China strategy. We don’t use China is an export source. The other thing is that starting really about a year ago we began to hire lot of extra people for a lot of extra money. We have growth expansion plan in the industrial and consumer office, in medical and so the money has been put to work Scott and now we begin to see some of the opportunity coming through, So we are actually in the process of reorganization where we can are getting closer contact with the market, and I think clearly the number demonstrate, but I think the future holds this wonderful prospects, so that part of the world and they do same in India and in Russia too Scott. We are building in building new lab, they are sitting our last quarter conference call. That’s turned out to be for us to allow, to not being absolute money bank guarantee on growth. So I think it's reason to expect that this will continue not withstanding any other issues the China itself may have in the economy.
George Buckley: Well, I don’t think there this sort of comment Jeff, with this (inaudible) my engineering training and trying determine a small number subtract in difference in two large numbers both of which we’ve got either a result or variability in them. So it’s really hard to get down on those numbers, I mean it’s especially muddy Jeff when you see the huge number of markets we serve and the huge number of product. So everything ends up being a little bit of this and a little bit of that. But we are seeing some competitors getting weaker. I really what to try to do my level best to impress on you the hugely significant change in the way we’ve gone to market here and particularly in the optical business. And we always, we tended to serve the OEM markets, we are little bit disconnected there from the set manufacturer in particular, we have altered that completed. We’ve gone right to the end markets. We’ve reestablished trust and I think in the end most of these guys Jeff, they believe in us, they believe this is the place where the innovation is coming. They see the product you are seeing coming out in the market. This is the stuff that being invented by 3M, even the facilitating LED technology being facilitated by 3M. So one thing is very, very different here is the relationship between us and our customers, and I'm hoping what that does is secure and at least maybe to some cases if you’re drifting away, that we get early warnings. But I’m hard pressed unless, Pat’s got a better idea to absolutely quantify how much of that sort of early share, shall we say we’re grabbing. It is very difficult for me to generally answer. We’ll ponder it for you Jeff, unless Matt or Pat has got a better of the tough idea.
George Buckley: I think, Jeff that market for labels is of the order, $0.5 billion a year and A1s, $80 million or so I think it's a very nice marketplace clearly and actually would expect 3M is the innovative in that area. So I think it's a nice adjacency very much close to (inaudible) material science. So I think it obviously depends on the end market reaction and those successful at getting competitive convergence in the marketplace, and there’s some tough competition, but I think that we will be successful in that market not only in the coming year, but I think ultimately innovation and great services going to be the difference. So I think is going to be a good market structure.
George Buckley: One number we calculated for last year, we though it about $200 million of additional sales that is coming from this manage the pyramid strategy. Of course, we’ve only just started and you can imagine, Bob this is a kind of step wise strategy for us, we have many more areas that we can attack, and I think the figure has been so nice is that we haven’t seen deteriorating by the managed system to get the cost on both products, right. And the pricing expectations have been, I think well managed. So I don’t know if we can expect that to be double this year up to 400, but I think it gives you some kind of sighting shot on what contribution it makes to end this year.
George Buckley: Behind the scenes there’s a lot of work going on, moving up business obviously protecting the call that we have that moving up business to at even more advanced footing. So, we’re looking any investments in advance. We’ll care a lot of look on using very advanced mathematics to diagnostics. Taking extracted signals from some of the advances we have been using that so we’re doing some internal development on that looking at least long or possibly two acquisitions in that area. So I think, what you’re going to see is it kind of a bit of a technological mix of more electronics, more software, and more mathematics that will augment the great businesses we already have. Actually, even in some senses kind of repositioning that business a little bit, taking on various areas of Health Care and particularly various areas of the hospital in operating theatres and so and so forth, and putting together a fully integrated set of a product suite products to meet all other needs that consumable needs in particular they’re in those areas. So I think the strategy at the beginning unfold the steps are being taken Steve, it’s a bit of the watch this space, but I’ve given you kind of a little bit of a preview of some of the ways, places that we’re thinking in this business. That’s right I think, you’re going to see margins, I don’t see them dropping below the high 20s, but for time, we will spend more money in that and hopefully this will remain for many, many years, just like great businesses of 3M, it’s a wonderful business.
George Buckley: In the beginning of the year, we have a process where we look not only at the R&D spend, but because it’s a development spend and we obviously try to make a balanced judgment on how much extra we’re going to invest to make sure that we don’t damage the overall number. So a little bit of sort of a baby bear balancing act. So we have the ideas and what we choose to do in this first quarter, because things are as strong as we accelerated investment. That pattern I think is likely to continue during the year if things stay very, very strong, we will see where else we can do the reinvestment loan, knowing full well that this is an accelerated to our growth. It would cost something in the near term but would be very, very powerful for us in the long term. So I don’t think you should think that we have an idea in fact is the complete opposite, it is one of the real changes in the company as its really gain traction in the this reinvigoration of R&D, these wonderful new ideas are all over the place, and is just a question about privatizing, funding, while at the same time balancing what we do for the market.
George Buckley: Okay, thank you very much everybody. We’ll close our call right now. Thank you very much for listening. We very much appreciate the time you spent with us, and we look forward in talking to you again the next quarter. Thanks everybody.
