Mike Roman: Scott, I would say we see certainly a pick-up in orders when we see markets recovering and improving, and Transportation and Electronics were strong end markets for us in Q1. I wouldn't say we see anything unusual there. It's what comes with a normal pick-up in the marketplace. When you look at it a good measure for us is what's happening with channel inventories, and I would say we see them very much in line with what you have written about in your reports, that we see the changes due to growth trends. Overall inventory in our Industrial channels remains still relatively low. Transportation Electronics with the supply chain impacts from the semiconductor shortage we're seeing some challenges there, and it's just responding with the disruption from the semiconductor shortage. Healthcare's pretty steady, reacting to the trends still. Elective procedures well below pre-pandemic levels, so that's impacting there. Consumer, it's a mixed case. We have high demand in Home Improvement. We're seeing lower levels there. You see a little lower levels when you see the pick-up, but it's responding to the marketplace. Otherwise, I would say the ordering trends were pretty much in line with what we expected. A little better than we expected in March which was really reflected in our broad based growth but otherwise nothing unusual.
Mike Roman: Julian, thanks for the question. We talked about Q1. We continue to see strong demand that 630 million respirators delivered in Q1. And still in the quarter, 90% going to healthcare workers and I would say first responders and increasingly essential industries. The demand as we move forward, it's going to depend on a few factors. The first is what's going to be the demand in healthcare, and that's going to depend on how the pandemic plays out and I would say how governments respond to dynamics in the pandemic. And there's been changings in protocols in use of respirators, for example, as one of those dynamics. As Monish said, this is one of the areas where we're working through the uncertainties. There's that demand. And we're working on governments all over the world around stockpile strategies and continuing to supply into those. And then there is consumer demand and increasing demand in Industrial as economies recover. So we see some shifting as we go forward over time from the high priority more than 90% into Healthcare shifting more into Industrial and Consumer. And then the demand overall, how much is it going to be relative to the impact on the overall enterprise relative to SIBG? That's going to depend on how each of those play out. But we're expecting to continue to see demand in Industrial and Consumer and Healthcare as we go through the year.
Mike Roman: It's an important question for us too, Andy. We had that wider range at the beginning of the year which really reflected the dynamics in those end markets, the uncertainty we were looking at as we came into the year. And we certainly had a good start to the year. Transportation and Electronics off to a strong start, much like the rest of the company. They're still facing some considerable uncertainties in that marketplace, and we talked about the chip shortage and its impact on both Electronics and Automotive. I think you see kind of changing dynamics in the build rates, much of it reflecting that dynamic. Electronics, I would say Consumer Electronics is off to a strong start. Tablets and TVs really driving a lot of that. So it's how are these trends going to play out through the year? And it still reflects I would say a wider range of outcomes. And it also is going to depend on how the pandemic plays out. Some of these are dynamics being driven by the pandemic and its impact on the economy in general. I would say that wide range that we came into the year, we still have a wide range view of how the uncertainties will impact these key market segments. But again, off to a strong start. Automotive above the build rates of our growth and Consumer Electronics above the build rates there. So we're winning in the marketplace with our solutions, and we're well positioned. We'll see how the market dynamics take us as we go through the year.
Mike Roman: Andy, we talked about it all year last year about what we were doing to invest in the future while we were managing through the big challenges that the pandemic threw at us in 2020. And we are accelerating, I would say, investments not only in our priority growth platforms but other market trends that we were seeing that were opportunities for us, and we talked about things that were going on obviously in Personal Safety but also Home Improvement and other areas that trends were strong. So that's how we're prioritizing growth based on the market trends, where we can create unique and differentiated value. Priority growth platforms tend to represent both of those, strong markets, as John mentioned earlier. These are higher growth market segments. And then we have the investments that we make in the trends coming out of the pandemic, and we're stepping those up as we see the opportunity. So we're really driving those based on the growth opportunity that we see in front of us as we go through 2021, not locked in on a plan that we put together for our priority growth platforms before the year started. So it is what we see as an opportunity to drive the growth and the growth outlook that we had for the year as we came into 2021.
Mike Roman: Yeah. Andrew, you're right. Safety and Industrial business [Indiscernible] in the performance in Americas, a big portion is driven by Personal Safety. It's been a strong growth driver. We talked about it. Monish highlighted some of the other Industrial businesses. We're seeing recovery in the Industrial markets in general. We're seeing increasing demand in industrial adhesives and tapes and industrial mineral products in the U.S. with the strong residential housing growth. All of those are driving what's going on in the Americas across Safety and Industrial business group. Transportation and Electronics, it's driven globally, the strong growth that you saw, by semiconductor fabrication, data centers, what I talked about earlier in Consumer Electronics. Those are not the big drivers obviously in the U.S. at this point. The automotive is the driver in the U.S., and I would say we're seeing good performance on our spec-ins. We're winning additional spec-ins in the OEMs. And as the build rates pick up in the U.S., we'll see TEBG, Transportation business from the automotive side get a strong contribution. Monish talked about some of the areas of uncertainties and things that we're looking at. Commercial solutions and the demand for graphics that are part of that, transportation safety products. Those are still flat year-over-year growth, even in decline in key end market segments, and that's one of the things that is an uncertainty as we look at the year. How are those markets going to recover as economies recover? So that will be part of the answer to Transportation and Electronics picking up as we go in the Americas in particular.
Mike Roman: Yeah, Andrew. As you know, our strategy is to be close to customers, invest in capacity to meet the demands regionally around the world, and that's true broadly across the enterprise. There are some key product and market segments where we have more of a critical center in key areas of the world. U.S. is one of those areas where in the end we're a net exporter of goods out of the United States because we have a stronger footprint here, and that's also true in much of the portfolio that we serve semiconductor fabrication with. We build that out close to the end users, close to the customers. So we have significant resources in Asia, for example. We also supply a significant portion of it from capacity in the U.S. and even some capacity in Europe. So I think we're well positioned if we see that shift, and it's going to take time to play out. And as has been the case for us throughout history, as we see market dynamics change and shift around the world, we'll invest to build up that capacity where it's needed. So we'll have time to adjust and add capacity, but we start in a good place relative to that market segment.
Mike Roman: Yeah. And, John, I would say for us being a leader in sustainability is also about helping our customers and making a difference for them, and you see that in our expectations and our requirement that every one of our new products has an improvement, an advantage in sustainability. That's one of the ways we can leverage our technology and our technology platforms to make a difference for customers. Now, we're also investing a lot of innovation in our operations, and you look at our fundamental strengths of the company. Our manufacturing capabilities are foundational there. And about one-third of our intellectual property sits in our manufacturing operations, process technologies, and we leverage that for our own performance and our own product quality as a competitive advantage. There are opportunities as we think about ways that we can really lead forward in sustainability solutions that we can expand our impact, and we certainly expect to be able to be a good example for manufacturing companies leading in sustainability. We'll look at, as we have all along, look at innovation opportunities where we can commercialize those as part of our offerings to customers as well.
Mike Roman: Joe, as a reminder, last year in Q1 we were up 20 basis points organically I believe, and we were down lower, 13%, in Q2. So the comp is a fair amount easier.
Mike Roman: To wrap up, I am pleased with our first quarter performance as we drove strong growth, earnings, and cash flow. We executed well and continue to build for the future through investments in growth, productivity, and sustainability. We are well positioned for a successful 2021 and remain focused on delivering value for our customers and returns for our shareholders. Thank you for joining us.
Monish Patolawala: Hey, Scott. That's a great question. $0.30 to $0.50 is just pure raw material logistics headwind. As I said in my prepared remarks, we are going after price increase, improving yields in our factories, as well as working with our supply chain partners to reduce the impact as much as we can. You can see in the first quarter we had 70 basis points of price increase, and as I've also said, it's going to take a little bit of time for these actions to gain traction. So we expect that the second half will be better than the first half on the price perspective.
Monish Patolawala: Sure, Deane. As I said in my prepared remarks, I think some of this -- I'll just start first with all the headwinds that I've mentioned. At the same time, all the other actions that we are also taking to continue to drive operating rigor, whether it's raising price, driving operating rigor, and continued strong cash flow. So I'll keep all that first with the headwinds, with some partial offsets that will take a little bit of time to implement. As it regards legal cost you can see this more as we file our Q this morning, but there are a couple of things. You'll see the PFAS reserves are up around $50 million between the end of fourth quarter to this quarter, and then the mask respirator accrual is up approximately $20 million. To predict what exactly is going to be in the second half of the year is quite tough. But what we do see is, as we prepare for some of these trials, for example the Combat Arms trial that's also on in Florida right now, with the MDL as well as some of the other cases that will start picking up in PFAS, we expect that our legal fees or legal cost to prepare for these trials will go up during the second half of this year.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah, Deane. What we talked about is we did see a return to growth in our Stationery and Office business in first quarter, up mid-single digits, as Monish mentioned. That is the first indication that we're seeing pick-up from return to school and return to the workplace to a degree. It's one of those areas where we're looking at the uncertainties related to COVID, how will it play out. How big a return to school? How big a return to the workplace? And when? That will end up being what drives the answer to your question. So I would say good signs that we saw the pick-up in Q1 back to we expect economy to strengthen, and we're encouraged by the vaccines. We're going to have to wait to see how the return to the workplace and school plays out though.
Monish Patolawala: So I'll just start with my three quarters that I've been here in the pandemic that we've seen. I don't think any trend seems to be normal, Nigel. You've seen trends that seem to be completely abnormal compared to what the past has been, compared to monthly cyclicality as well as compared to quarterly cyclicality, so I'll just start with that as the first piece. The second I would say is one thing you can definitely count on us in Q2 is strong execution. We are also confident that end markets are going to pick up, but I think they're going to be uneven. And for the second quarter we're still monitoring quite a few things, one of course Mike just mentioned about what happens with the stationery. How does that return to work come in? The return to work impacts not just the Stationery business, but it impacts our Graphics business. It impacts our Signage business and what happens there. And what people spend I think is going to be important to watch. The second piece is as the pandemic is playing out in parts of the world, elective procedures continue to be below pre-pandemic levels. We'll see how that plays out. The well-known semiconductor chip shortage, how it impacts auto, how it impacts consumer electronics is another piece. When you think about supply chain disruption, one is of course raw material costs and logistics costs that I've talked about quite a bit. The other one of course is product availability and making sure there is product available from our suppliers to continue to keeps us manufacturing. Now, I'll tell you this, that our supply chain team has done an amazing job keeping the factories running, making sure we are delivering to our customers thanks to the relationship they have with the suppliers, and we appreciate all the work the suppliers have also done to partner with us to minimize disruption as much as possible. We are also raising prices, but it's going to take little bit of time. The inflation has come in faster. So you're going to see 75 basis points to 125 basis points of headwind which is the net of price versus inflation and logistics. As I also mentioned, we're going to do restructuring, which was announced in Q4 of 2020. We told you it's somewhere between $250 million to $300 million charge for the year. As of first quarter, we are at $150 million. So we've got approximately $100 million to $150 million to go for the remaining of the year. The second quarter is going to see $25 million to $50 million of restructuring charge. The balance will come in 3Q and 4Q. If this economy continues to go the way it is, outlook is that indirect cost, travel cost, some of the legal costs we talked about will keep going up. Any other one-time headwinds will also go up as it regards compensation. And then our goal is, as Mike has mentioned, we have tremendous areas that we can invest in. And our goal is for the long run we want to keep investing in growth productivity and sustainability and put all that into play. That's why we felt it prudent to maintain guidance. Also, to answer your question, it's hard to follow normal seasonality trends with all these things in play.
Monish Patolawala: Nigel, I would say, as we have stated, we have restated all the years that are presented. So the year-over-year impact of that is approximately $0.11. So that's to answer your specific question on pension. The offsets to that, a couple of things. We took the opportunity to go redeem $450 million of debt that was due in 2022. That had an impact of $0.02 on interest for the quarter. And then as share prices have gone up, even though we have done share buyback of $231 million or share repurchase, our dilution has gone up, and that impacted $0.02 for the quarter. The total impact for other financials we had originally in our guide was zero. Right now, we are saying it's plus $0.05, to be clear.
Monish Patolawala: That's a great question, Steve. Just same comments that I made before. As you know, volume is the biggest piece that drives margin leverage for 3M. You should assume the normal 30% to 40% margin leverage that you would get. The amount of volume is going to depend on a lot of the uncertainties that I've talked about, whether it's elective procedures, whether it is semiconductor chip availability for Auto and Consumer, whether it is the strength in Stationery remains, whether the oil and gas industry picks up. So a lot of long term, I would say, end markets growing. We'll have to figure out what happens in the second quarter with all of these from an end market perspective. Similarly, on supply chain disruption, there are two pieces. One is of course the inflation that we've told you about which will cost 75 basis points to 125 basis points of headwind between price and inflation and the raw material and logistics cost as well as making sure that we have all the product availability that we have. So that's the other, I would say, headwind to 1Q.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So a piece of it got absorbed in the first quarter, Steve. I think we'll have to see how April plays itself out, and May. As we look at product availability, making sure that our suppliers continue to be able to provide all the goods over the quarter is something that we're working on. Again, it's too early to say because it's a very dynamic situation that changes every day. And again, the relationship we have with our suppliers helps us get the product as much as we can, but they're also constrained right now with the overall supply chain situation in the world. The other headwind is $25 million to $50 million of restructuring. So this is still a part of the overall restructuring program we announced in Q4. We have done up to $150 million in Q1. We're going to take another $25 million to $50 million in Q2, and the balance will come in Q3 and Q4. Indirect costs. So as the economies are starting to open up, you are going to see hopefully ad merch and travel start to go up. That's a headwind to Q1. As we are starting to see the economies starting to pick up, our investments in growth productivity and sustainability will continue to increase, so that's how I would frame Q1 versus Q2.
Monish Patolawala: To answer specifically your other question, Julian -- I'm sorry -- on why is the growth rate slowing down, we are starting to lap. So if my memory is right, Q1 of 2020 there was $100 million of disposable respirators that the company had disclosed even before my time. You're going to see actually the amount, if you're looking at the percent, it's going to slow down, as I said in my prepared remarks, because you're starting to lap the pandemic-related respirator demand year on year.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. It's a great question, Julian. I would go back again to just our capital priorities. Prioritization hasn't changed. Our first priority is always invest in R&D. Mike mentioned the areas that we have as we think about just a few, and even John talked about whether it's Biopharma, Home Improvement, Personal Safety, Digital, Semiconductor, Healthcare they're tremendous opportunities that we believe we can keep investing in. So that's our first priority is I think in the long run that will give us the best return. The second priority is dividends. We did increase dividends 1% this year. It's the 63rd year of consecutive dividend increase. Our third priority is M&A. As you know, we are busy integrating Acelity. It's doing very well and integrating well into 3M. We don't see another acquisition in the size of Acelity in the near future, but we are always looking for opportunities where we believe it's complementary to 3M's strength as well as 3M can add value and synergies. And then our last priority is share repurchase. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we did have $231 million of share repurchases. I think the strength that we have right now, Julian, of 1.4 net leverage gives us a lot of flexibility to go either way as well as gives us strategic opportunities to deploy when needed.
Monish Patolawala: So, John, I would just say, back to the point on Q2, there is a lot of uncertainty in the supply chain markets other than of course the raw material and logistics costs we've talked about. It's just making sure that the product is flowing, making sure our suppliers can make the product. As of right now, as I said, it's a very dynamic situation that's changing every day. So that is why that's one of the uncertainties that we have called out in the second quarter and the total year, that we've got to navigate through this and hopefully as we get through the second quarter, we'll be in a better state to see where we are for the year. So hopefully that answers your question. Since you're talking about the second quarter -- and my memory failed me earlier. Sorry. So Steve's question earlier also on if you're looking at Q1 versus Q2, just another point is FX which is $0.13 benefit in Q1 for the year. We still see that to be $0.15. Again, we'll see where currencies move as the world plays itself out. And then from a tax rate perspective, we were at 16.4% for the first quarter, and our plan is 20% to 21% for the year. So those are the other items I would talk about, John, as I talk about the second quarter and its overall impact.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah, Joe, so no major surprises in Q2 so far. So we've started April pretty strong, similar to what we thought it would be. The team continues to execute well. We're working through some of the challenges we have talked about whether it's on the cost or the product availability side. But as you currently pointed out, from a comp basis on the year-over-year basis we will get into the first major quarter of the pandemic. And therefore on a year-over-year basis you should see a higher growth than what you saw in Q1.
Monish Patolawala: Joe, it's a great question. So I would say 30% to 40% is in the long term what you should get leverage. 2021 in general is I think unusual. Unusual on multiple fronts, one when we gave you the guide in the beginning of the year we talked about the snapback of indirect costs that should hopefully in 2021 as people start traveling, as we start investing, from an ad merch perspective would go up on a year over. Similarly, at the beginning of the year we reset our comps, so that's a headwind. We also had a property sale in fourth quarter of last year of approximately $50 million of gain that's a non-repeat. So all of those one-time headwinds coming into the year that we talked about. We also talked that we will be increasing our investments in growth, productivity, and sustainability in 2021 as we see some of the trends playing out that can help us continue to grow in the longer term. And so that's the second headwind. And then the third as has come through that I've talked about is the raw material and logistics cost increase, partially offset by the price increases that we are trying to do, increase our yield, and then managing all the other costs that we have whether it's legal costs as PFAS and Combat Arms and some of those proceedings proceed as well as any other investments we want to make as we keep seeing growth opportunities in the long term. That's why I would say 30% to 40% is the normal you should see in the long term, but 2021 is just a little odd for these reasons.
