Matt Ginter: Hello, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2011 business review. With me today are George Buckley, 3M Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Meline, our recently appointed Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will review our first quarter results, along with an updated outlook for the rest of this year. A PowerPoint presentation accompanies today's conference call, which you can access on 3M's Investor Relations website at 3m.com. Today's slide presentation and the audio replay will be archived on our website for an extended period of time. Take a moment, if you would, to read the forward-looking statements on Slide 2. During today's conference call, we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views about our future performance and financial results. We base these statements on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Item 1A of our most recent Form 10-K lists some of our most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our predictions. So let's begin today's review. I'll turn the program over to George, and please turn to Slide #3.
Matt Ginter: Ajay, for 2011, it would be a few cents accretive based on the deals that we have. The important point though, which is the one David brought out, is for the additional 1% to 2% that we haven't yet executed but are sort of in our thinking, depending on the timing of that, could influence that number. So in other words, if those deals happen later in the year and we have purchase accounting that happens later in the year, there could be some impact there. But right now, our thinking is a few cents favorable in '11.
Matt Ginter: Terry, that number in Q1 is about $60 million higher than it will be in Q2, 3 and 4. They are front loading the Option expense.
Matt Ginter: Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us. Had great discussion. Appreciate the questions, and we look forward to talking to you very soon. Bye bye.
David Meline: Yes. On RM [raw materials] inflation for the year, we're expecting around 4%, which is what we experienced in the first quarter, and we expect that will continue. In terms of end market impacts, we have not seen the impact -- even though we have varying levels of inflation going on, we haven't seen that curtailing the strength of demand for us at this time.
David Meline: Yes. Okay. What I would say is, first of all, we saw geographically pretty broad-based over-performance to our plan. We saw that happen, I would say, modestly over plan in the emerging markets. As you know, we've got very strong aspirations for emerging market growth. But from me, most encouragingly, we saw good performance in Western Europe in our mature economies, as George mentioned in Japan, before the earthquake hit, and also in the U.S. So geographically, it's quite broad-based. In terms of sector-wise, we continue, obviously, to have very good momentum in the Industrial and Electronics space. They were modestly higher than what we'd expected. And importantly, we saw healthcare for the first quarter after several quarters where they really struggled with growth we saw what perhaps is an inflection point on their growth rate as well.
David Meline: Well, as you saw, we exited the quarter with 0.1 positive price, which is the first positive price we've seen for I think 6 quarters. And in March, we were at a half point. So as I said earlier, we were ramping up, which obviously to get to parity for the calendar year, we're going to need to continue to ramp from there, and we see that happening across the businesses and around the world.
David Meline: Yes. And I guess as you might guess, we have a variety of situations in terms of the price patterns across our businesses and across the world. Certainly, first of all, what we see is that where we have the most significant cost pressure is in businesses including industrial. And so what they've been doing is they actually went in and in the first quarter implemented price changes. And now as we see continued raw material pressure, we're expecting to have some more in the second quarter. Other businesses, which have a pricing cycle that might be tied to, for example, an annual pricing round such as in areas like consumer and healthcare, we haven't yet seen the full impact of price changes. And that's a process that's going on in a number of cases, either as we speak or going to take place in the future. But generally, 3M enjoys a very strong position as a price leader in many of the markets we participate in, so we typically have very good pricing capability more so than many of our competitors in a particular space, and we don't view this task as being something that we won't be able to accomplish.
David Meline: Well, if you look at R&D and SG&A, what you would have observed sequentially is that the absolute spend level is roughly comparable to Q4. And what I would infer from that is the fact we said that we had a number of heavy investment programs that we were undertaking in 2010. And those are now in the base. So what you would expect or what you should expect is that we wouldn't see the absolute spend go down. But now we're running with those businesses in our base business, and they're starting to pay off. We're starting to see growth from those incremental investments. They're not fully delivering the kinds of income and margin that we expect, but it's the kind of thing that we have to stay with. So what I would take from it is that the investment plans that we put in place are continuing, and we're starting to see the kinds of initial indications that that's going to support our growth and we can still deliver the margins that we aspire to.
David Meline: Yes. Well, we've been pretty consistent in indicating that margins in the high-20s for healthcare is the right kind of place for the company to be. That reflects the fact that we are investing in the business for new products and new innovation to grow, and we think that, that can continue. As I mentioned, we saw an inflection in the growth for the first time in some time. Is that the trend? Well, actually, not. It's 1 quarter, right? But we think we're moving in the right direction on that.
David Meline: What we're assuming is that in Japan, in Q2, that production will be down about 50%. So that obviously impacts us in Japan, and there's also some knock-on effects externally. The data that we refer to most commonly is CSM, if you're familiar with them, as a kind of a leading indicator or economist in the auto space.
David Meline: No, we have not. So we don't -- we have the best visibility on the direct impact with the Japanese suppliers, and we have not factored in sort of the secondary effect of potential market share gains, which I think you see on a delayed basis, because if for example, the Americans or the Germans are gaining share, they can draw on their inventories, so you wouldn't expect to see an impact of that until you get out of the second quarter into the third and fourth.
David Meline: We have small but positive earnings accretion in 2011 in the plan. Generally, from a planning perspective, as a portion of those acquisitions that are in that number have not occurred yet, we assume either those would be neutral or slightly negative within the year. It depends a bit on the timing as to when they occur. But overall, slightly positive. And obviously, in 2012 and beyond, we intend to ramp up those results, which is why we're doing these acquisitions in part.
David Meline: Yes. So what we expect is in the second quarter that as you have just said, we exited Q1 with better price performance, and we expect that to continue. But I believe that in Q2 we'll still be somewhat negative. Obviously, as we laid out here, the Japan earthquake will become more significant in Q2 on the negative side before the second half basically trending towards 0. The pension OPEB expense is a constant through the year, so you can expect that to be similar. And then, obviously, our organic growth in holding the guidance at 6% to 7.5%, this 8.9% is slightly above what we expect to be the case for the year. And obviously, Q2 will be pulled down a bit by Japan and could be to the extent that we see some inventory correction in the Optical space.
David Meline: Yes. So that would translate -- I don't know the exact number, Terry, but it wouldn't be the 120. It would be something a little less than that.
David Meline: Yes. If you that year-over-year Q1, the leverage we got on our growth, it actually ex-factors looks pretty typical of what we expect from organic volume leverage. The ex-factors, of course, are those captured on the page, plus another one, which is on a sequential basis, of course, we had option expense that's more heavily weighted in Q1, and that's going to come off in the subsequent quarters. So that, all other things being equal, you can expect an improvement in our margin just due to the reduction in terms of option expense.
David Meline: Yes. So the trajectory for the year, what's true is we think that, first of all, at D&G level, the kinds of margins and growth we showed at the total Big B we think is still pretty good guidance for the year. We've got, as we talked about, very good performance in terms of traffic safety. Seasonally, that will get better. C&G, the Consumer and Graphics, is continuing to perform well. So if you look at the whole package, we think that D&G guidance is pretty good for the year. If you look at Optical specifically, yes, Q1 came in well as we recovered off of the very weak performance in Q4. If you look out for the year, what we expect to happen is that in Q2, it wouldn't surprise us if there is an inventory correction in the channel. And then secondly, if you look at the half year, the second half of the year, certainly end market demand is forecast to be improving. But we do foresee the likelihood of some lower level of attach rate for us for TV to the tune of down to 25% attachment rate. So as I said, when you add it all up, we think D&G guidance is quite good, but you might get some level of remixing, both across the quarters and between businesses to get there.
George Buckley: I think investments our growth, Scott, has always proven to be the best return. We're getting 23% returns or thereabouts on -- and maybe even higher than that incrementally. So to walk away from growth and let somebody else take some share strategically is probably not a great idea. So usually, when that kind of demand comes along, we're obviously going to ask ourselves the question, is it sustainable? Is it real? And if it proves to us that both of those questions are answered yes, we'll make the investment. And some of the stuff that we're speaking about, Scott, is in Optically Clear Adhesives and the stuff that's getting put into tablets and displays, touch-enabled technologies which are just taking off like rockets. I mean, you've seen the demand reports on some the electronic guys, and we're servicing those people. And you even saw I think in our meeting here, Scott, some of the quite wonderful new technologies that will enable completely clear touch, both side touch, we showed you those kind of gizmos on watches and games that are going to be enabled by this. So we think it's the right thing to do versus some of the other choices we have. And we think, ultimately, it provides us stronger company and a better return for our shareholders.
George Buckley: No. We're talking about only -- we work on the basis, Scott, of no surprises. We always think that's better for our investors and actually for our Board of Directors and even for ourselves. We're talking about probably only another maybe $50 million or $100 million on top of what David already outlined to you. That's the kind of the order of the scale we're speaking about.
George Buckley: We are. We did everything that we said we were going to do, Scott, and it still hasn't beaned off. I think we've moved up in our regional sources of prior target, maybe 2 or 3 points from sort of the early to the middle 60s. And so there's just huge amount still to be had in terms of benefit to the company. But we are building these plants as fast as we can, and the demand is coming almost even faster. So our ability to catch up while the strategy is right, our ability to catch up is limited. So it's really going very, very well for us. So we don't see this as a failure but rather as a success.
George Buckley: I don't know that I know the exact answer to that question, Bob. We could certainly find it out and give it to you afterwards, but we're seeing very strong penetration. With the new creativity we've put into automotive, we're seeing strong growth in those areas. Obviously, the things that we're providing for general industrial production is also benefiting the -- there was good growth in dental. It was almost in fact toward the end of the quarter, Bob, also listing telecoms, it really has been right across the board. And David is right, we tend to be optimistic about our ability to create growth. We tend to be more pessimistic about the ability of Western Europe and the United States to create growth. But they were very, very strong this time, and we're hoping that, that means it wasn't a flash in the pan,  but it means we've actually made some -- turned some real corner on those things. So just across the board, Bob.
George Buckley: Well, the folks in Japan led the initiatives, Bob. This quite wonderful, sometimes unhelpful, but quite wonderful matrix system that we have here. So they took it from Japan, ran down all of the threads of the various businesses. How they run into different countries, the very supply chain, to kind of knock-on inventory type of analysis that you would imagine. And is the best number that we could come up with. We're not going to bet our pensions on the absolute accuracy of this number, Bob, but you can well imagine we thought it was -- instead of sort of doing some handwaving and giving you some foo-foo dust, we said we want to try our level best to give you a size of it. Make sure -- bigger than a cup and smaller than a bushel basket or maybe smaller than a bushel basket or bigger than a container. So that's what we tried to do. I think, ultimately, the number will be wrong to some degree or another. And I'm hoping that we're being pessimistic in the overall impact that this has.  Because I do think there's some self-correcting influences going on in other businesses around the world, Bob. I mean, both in Japan, nearly all suppliers have -- they don't have a single source of supply. So may have to do some requalification as we've done, but there'll be sort of things that fill the gap. So ultimately, I'm hoping it will turn out to be a bit pessimistic on this, a bit conservative.
George Buckley: There's another thing behind the scene, Steve. And that is that the higher the rate of new products, the more ability we have to sidestep price. Because prices, any calculations of price, the better pricing on new products is not included. Secondly, you can imagine, we also have behind the scenes very, very strong and powerful relentless operational focus on driving out costs. So the first thing we do when we see this source of price increases coming is what can we substitute, what can we requalify, where can we go with resourcing or substitution. So that takes place. We have yield issues that we constantly are driving at. So using our Six Sigma capabilities and the plants to drive out costs, so it's not only about price. We don't sit back and sort of let the prices come back and just say, can we overcome it with price, because oddly enough, this is a chance to become more competitive. If you can wipe the cost, the underlying cost, you don't need to chase as much price. And in some markets, of course, you can't even get it, but what it ultimately does, it just makes you more competitive. So there's all this kind of activity, a sea of activity behind the scenes, Steve, that helps us chisel awareness.
George Buckley: Well, I'll get Matt to sort of call you back with the details, Steve. But you've got the cost  tackifiers and polypropylene, which are oil derivative products. Polypropylene is used in most of the sort of the Scotch-Brite and also in our respirators, those sorts of products. Pricing on polypropylene, obviously, is part and parcel of prices on oil. Price of paper, of course, is another issue in consumer and office. And price of plastics more generally of which they sell a lot. So that's what you see, and on top of that, as we said in the notes of the call, we've been investing a lot of money in growing Asia. This is a real big opportunity for us, Steve, for the future. It's going to cost us some money for now, and we see also -- but you got to speculate to accumulate, and we see this massive opportunity in Latin America and Asia, and are pumping more money into those areas. Happy to figure the details later if you want, Steve.
George Buckley: Well, I think it's almost opportunistic. We were doing it when there was a strong dollar, Jeff. So we're not ramping it up because of that. And I think ultimately, that will reverse itself. So the strategy to go to the markets that are growing fast regardless of the exchange rate is clearly there. We'll capitalize on some benefit while it washes into our P&L account in the short term, but it won't alter our strategy 1 bit. It's where the growth is. It's where the opportunities lie. Of course, we're hoping, as we were just saying, that healthcare is now back on a little stronger track. We're hoping the United States, perhaps it's beginning to yield to the innovation pressure. And we don't see ourselves -- when you think about all of the currency's that are involved, Jeff, across the world, there's almost a sort of self-leveling, some are gaining on us, some are weakening against us. So I don't think we're doing that or even getting that just because of pricing. I suspect that would be more a case, Jeff, in capital equipment is what I think.
George Buckley: It seems to work out okay, Deane. Obviously, it's a big company, and while we do a lot of acquisitions they're spread right across the company. So it tends to be different people doing the integration. There are maybe here and there some pinch points in finance and IT that you get some of the same people having to deal with these issues, but it does not seem to have been an impediment to us so far, and the biggest acquisition we've ever done, which was the Aearo acquisition has run like absolutely clockwork. So I think we continue to get better at them. I think we continue to be more realistic about forecasting, about pricing, and I think we've done a pretty good job of executing deals recently without too many times overpaying for them. I'm pretty pleased with the way it's going so far, Deane. And we do have a lot of capacity and there's stuff down the pipeline as you can well imagine, but it's all sort of front and central, bolt-ons, stuff in the core or near to the core that you'd expect of 3M, and while we always hope for something more significant, we tend to be pretty balanced in our attitudes toward risk and not wanting to do something that might in some way damage the company.
George Buckley: My guess is it will be about flat, Dave. I mean, 1 point up, 1 point down, that kind of spread. So I think for now, probably a flat income stream is about the best we can probably hope for. Maybe not the best, but that's probably the most likely we could hope for.
George Buckley: Well, you always hope for those sorts of things. But it's a constant battle of bringing more for less to the end customer, and some of these end customers are pretty tough. They've got their own set of issues that they're wrestling with. But this has been a remarkable business in many ways, Dave, and you have to give great testament to the creativity of these people who -- when you think about what it's like in a $2 billion business to take a 12% price down year after year after year, 3 years in, that means $400 million coming out of the cost. It's just vast. And I think it's a testament to the capability of the people at 3M. And I really mean this. This is not some sort of slop off thing. These guys have done absolutely marvelous, and I imagine that they will continue to do the same, Dave, and it's where I think ultimately the capability of company like 3M with its scientific capability, it's magnificent world-class manufacturing, will ultimately be the last man standing and many of the smaller competitors that don't have this kind of capability that can only sell on price that they can only sell on low-margin...we'll ultimately, we'll win that battle. I'll bet on 3M.
George Buckley: Well, you see, it's a number of different things. We're obviously seeing great growth in the core of that business. What we've done, Ajay, is to roll out over the last few years, Bob and his guys have rolled out a range of new products at more attractive pricing but good margins. So we've been able to appeal to a wider swath of the marketplace. We've got some nice little fledgling activities in various parts of that in projectors, in some stuff we're doing for fast food retail, that if it works well, could become an actual blockbuster. But I'm not at liberty to tell you too much about that right now. So there's a lot of great great undercurrent -- groundswell shall we say of initiatives in that business. And of course, let's not sort of -- let's not sidestep the wonderful presence in the market that our Traffic Safety business has. We are the most competent, the most able, the most competitive company in this space. The most innovative, our signs are the best, they last longer. Here and there they maybe cost a little bit more, but we are the kings of this particular castle. And so this is a great segment, although over the years has been buffeted around by Optical. That doesn't mean that the core, the base of this business is not great, and that's what you're seeing.
George Buckley: The flip side of this coin, John, is that tablet demand and pad demand, which you know is just going up like a rocket ship, and we're the suppliers to those folks. So you've got this, kind of, pools and eddies shall we say across that display business in the Optical Systems business where you've got some parts are really just rocket ship strong. Others, which you go in through the typical torture cycle like LCD, where it's every sort of -- it's a micro cent per square light year are -- at issue. And that's why people make switches. So this is a battle that we've fought and lived in, sometimes won, and I don't think we've lost it very often, but we certainly got our nose bloodied once or twice. I don't think this is going to stop. But it's why we pointed out that as we are growing in so many of these other spaces so quite wonderfully with so much innovations across the company, that ultimately less and less and less, over a period of time, this business becomes a smaller piece of our puzzle. And obviously then, it makes it less important to you and more easily manageable for us. But I still think ultimately we will be the last man standing in this business, and this will then mature to a nice steady business with reasonable margins and maybe GDP plus growth rates. That's where I think this ultimately goes in, say, 3 or 4 years time from now.
Jeffrey Sprague: For David or George, but David in your preamble, you kind of mentioned that classic balance between growth and margin at 3M, and the R&D numbers are obviously directly apparent in the P&L. But wondering if there's anything else that kind of stands out in the margins in the quarter in terms of marketing, other product development actions or things like that. You perhaps took an opportunity in the quarter given what was going on in the top line.
Jeffrey Sprague: And if we could perhaps take that and just drill it into a business, perhaps healthcare, you mentioned that growth is finally showing some signs of life. The margin is back down into the high-20s. Again, using that business as an example, is that where the margins in healthcare need to be to drive satisfactory growth in that business? Are margins actually even want to kind of go lower as you're pushing growth? Obviously, there's some deal impact in there also but...
Jeffrey Sprague: And just a quick follow-up, if I could. You mentioned the international investment, but given the tight capacity situation overseas which you are, I guess, it's fair to say chasing to some degree, although in a good way, to what extent have [indiscernible] and to what extent are you kind of leveraging weak dollar? And thanks, I'll pass it on.
