Matt Ginter: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter business review. With me today are George Buckley, 3M Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Inge Thulin, Chief Operating Officer; and David Meline, Chief Financial Officer. Please take a moment to read the forward-looking statement on Slide 2. During today's conference call, we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views about our future performance and financial results. We base these statements on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Item 1A of our most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q lists some of the most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our predictions. Let's begin today's review. And I'll turn the program over to David.
Matt Ginter: And Abhi, just to reiterate, you asked about Avery. Any impacts from Avery are not in our guidance at this point in time. So as we get closer to close, we'll provide some more insight there.
Matt Ginter: Terry, electronics, generally speaking, is about a 1 point impact on total price change for the company. So I don't think it changed that much really, Q3 versus Q4.
Matt Ginter: Well, thanks for joining us today, everybody. Good questions. And we look forward to talking to you as the year goes on. Thanks, everybody.
David W. Meline: Sure, Ajay. So this is David Meline. First of all, I think to interpret the margin performance in Q4, what you need to think about is the fact that unlike last year in Q4, where we had quite a downtake in our margins, this year we've been facing into what were known headwinds in the business throughout the year. So they've been adjusting their cost base through the year and really operating in a much tougher environment. And therefore, even though in Q4 our utilization in the factories was similar this year to last, the margins were much better because we have a better cost base we've put in place. If we look forward into 2012, we think that optical systems is going to remain under pressure, in particular due to the price environment in the LCD TV business. And we think that the optical business will run closer to the company average, and we think D&G as a sector will be a little bit below where they were in terms of margins in 2011.
David W. Meline: Yes. So first of all, indirect costs at 3M, this is a broad definition of costs. So this includes basically all of our costs, with the exception of material inputs and our people cost compensation and benefits. So broad definition, we were pleased in terms of how we've managed down those costs in a tougher environment. So if you look at discretionary spending, like external costs that we -- for consultants, this type of thing, if you look at travel expenses, if you look at other discretionary items, we've managed that down in obviously a tougher environment for the company. And we expect that to continue in a similar fashion, certainly through the first half and probably through the entire year, depending on how the year develops. So in terms of additional actions, I would say I think you're seeing the kind of environment right now and performance that will continue into 2012.
David W. Meline: Yes, Deane. I guess, what I would say is that we think that the investments that we've got in place, including in Q4, is certainly perfectly adequate and a very strong level of R&D commitment that the company has. So don't misinterpret what we're showing in Q4 as being us changing our view on the importance to 3M's business model of a very strong R&D investment trend. But obviously, R&D, just like the rest of the areas, as we get into a tougher cost management environment, we've had to temporarily defer some of the things that we'd like to do. We've had to hold down spending just like the rest of the company. But what I can assure you of is we're not throwing overboard important and good opportunities for the business.
David W. Meline: In terms of EPS growth in the first quarter, if you look, first of all, at the overall business for the year, what we've said is that we're driving to improve our margins by about 1 point for the year, and we expect 2% to 5% organic growth. Obviously, toughest in the first half and in the first quarter. So I think it would be fair to say that we could see a level of performance that would be carryover or even considering this $40 million of items we've got in the first quarter, could even be a little bit below last year.
David W. Meline: Yes, Steve. So that's right, it's $23 million in total, so a little over $0.02 a share in the fourth quarter. We do have more claims that are in and under discussion. And we're very confident that we'll get some more recoveries beyond that. What we don't know is will those recoveries occur now in 2012 or sometime beyond that in 2013. But yes, the answer is we expect some more.
David W. Meline: I can't say first half. Second half, what's true is, I think importantly, we expect to get some recoveries, but we don't have that explicitly built into the plan right now.
David W. Meline: That would impact -- and obviously, depending on when it occurs, we'll also have the positive impact of the underlying performance of the business. So what we -- we want to leave that out until we get a better visibility on the timing of the closing.
David W. Meline: Yes, in terms of pricing, to be honest, you're right. We've had to push hard in this environment, particularly driven by the kind of cost inflation that we saw in 2011. As we mentioned in December, we do expect to see certainly more modest -- but in certain commodities, we expect some cost pressure on us again in 2012. So that's part of our planning. But we don't see any reason why, as was the case in 2009, that we can't hold on to our price. If you look at the business model, it's very much driven by innovation and having fresh product that's attractive to our customers. And therefore, our experience is typically we can hold price once we put that through.
David W. Meline: Yes, I would say -- well, we always have new products, which enables us to hold price and hold margin, right? So in some way, that's in the base. And then the type of extraordinary pricing push we've put on, including now, we're seeing the real benefits of it in Q4. And certainly, we worked to offset the raw material cost inflation.
David W. Meline: Yes. So if you look at -- and we can talk about segments. But if you look at the overall volume trend, what we observed in Q4 was very similar in total to what we saw in Q3. And so our perception right now as a -- on a total overall basis, is that we found the bottom across the various areas where we're seeing pressure, that being Western Europe, that being in the consumer electronics business. We do think that we will continue at this lower level of activity, as we said, through the first quarter and through the first half of the year at some level. So I guess, what I would leave you with is our sense right now is that we are stabilizing here on an overall basis. And barring an economic crisis, which we don't have in our plans, we would say eventually, the next step would be a level of recovery for the business.
David W. Meline: Yes, if I could, Shannon. What I -- take away from this is that we haven't changed our approach in terms of the pipeline. We're still interested in, not only deals like this that add scale and leverage, but importantly, we think that to continue to have a chance to grow the business as we foresee doing, that we're also looking and will continue to look at transactions that involve businesses that might help our growth rate.
David W. Meline: Yes. So what I would say is if you look at the volume trend, just like the outlook for the economy, we do see a rising volume trend in the second half, which would be a combination of both the way the economy's developing. If you look at Western Europe, Global Insight, for example, it's calling for a positive economic growth by the fourth quarter. If you look at the electronics business, which is impacting us, that obviously has some very dynamic features to a correction, which are a very hard and fast trend down. And typically, a recovery also looks like that, which is a pretty vertical recovery. So depending on the segment, I think it's fair to say that we would expect to see some acceleration in the second half. And the other element of that, which we've talked about in the past is if you look at the inventory cycle, that's a very relevant impact on our business. So if you look at our reported volume in Q4, it was about 1%. But we believe that if you adjust for inventory, it would have been closer to 5%. So if you think about that inventory cycle, we expect that, that, too, would then be reversing as we move through 2012.
David W. Meline: Yes. So you got it right, which is that if you look at the margin year-over-year, it was down. But excluding the acquisition, it was flat to up a little bit. We do expect -- it's a tough consumer environment out there right now, in particular in the emerging -- in the mature markets where we have the biggest presence. So what we expect is that kind of a tough environment will continue. And if I think about 2012 margins in Consumer, I expect they'll be pretty flat with 2011.
David W. Meline: Sure, Jeff. So if you look at the mix overall, first, for the calendar year '11, it was 53% battery and 47% plug-in. If you look at the mix in the fourth quarter, specifically, it had risen to 58% battery and 42% plug-in. So -- and as we've talked about going to somewhere 2/3 to 3/4 of battery next year, so very much on that trend line that we've laid out in December.
David W. Meline: Yes, we were -- in the fourth quarter, we were running at about 20%. And we think next year in our plans, we're expecting attached to run between 15% and 20%.
David W. Meline: Right. So in terms of pricing, yes. I mean, as you observed, we were very pleased with the results. We've been working on this, obviously, through the year. And to see the 2% number print for us in the fourth quarter was very encouraging. If you look at pricing in the quarter x electronics, that was actually 2.7%. So not atypical of the electronics business. We did have price down in particular in optical systems, which impacted us there. In terms of where we have the most significant price improvements, it was most in the areas where we had the most cost pressure, which was more on the industrial side of the business.
David W. Meline: Volume. So yes, so if you think about the ranges that we provided in December for 2012, we don't see any reason to be thinking differently about those trends as we finish Q4 and move into the first half. Obviously, while those trends indicate full year figures, we're certainly thinking, as I said earlier, that Q4 and Q1 are not going to look terribly different in terms of the volume momentum overall.
David W. Meline: Yes. The areas where we see it -- some of our chemicals still are experiencing some level of inflation. Resins as well rubber and rare earth materials are the most prominent areas of cost pressure for us.
David W. Meline: Sure. Yes, I mean, the fact is, is that Health Care, just like the rest of the business, we've gone into a fairly tough environment where we are marshaling our resources and really focusing on managing cost. So as we've talked about pretty consistently, we believe the sweet spot for the businesses is in the high 20s. But from quarter-to-quarter, you're going to see this thing move up and down a bit. So this quarter, we had about 1 point of pickup. Does that again signal that we've got a different view of Health Care going forward in their margins? I would say not at all. What's true is we're seeing very good performance in some of the sectors. So for example, in infection prevention, is having strong performance, skin and wound care as well, which is also helping the results.
David W. Meline: No, we didn't see any new inflection point. Obviously, we like -- the market was looking at 3M and looking for where we're stabilizing, and we're pleased to see that, that occurred in Q4. But as I said earlier, we think now, unfortunately, we're in a fairly weak environment at least through the first quarter.
George W. Buckley: Well, Dave, obviously, they do consider it a priority. It's obviously -- must be one of the most important things on their mind. But I think they're trying to figure out what is the best way forward. And we've got a board meeting coming up. I'm sure they'll be considering it at that. And when the appropriate time comes, they'll be letting people know what their decision is. And I don't think there's much else I can say about it because, in a sense, I'm the informed, not the informer, if you know what I mean.
George W. Buckley: Scott, it's George here. Maybe I'll take a crack at that for you. We have, in fact, done some of what you suggest. There's always this question that hangs over the effectiveness of R&D. And I'd like to make 2 or 3 points. R&D spend goes up and down, depending on what we -- we may have some external projects that we fund. So you shouldn't really imagine that R&D spend would be perfectly flat all the way through the year, or for that fact, monotonically increasing every year. So there's that kind of variability mixed into the equation. But coming back to your point about the effectiveness of R&D, it's quite interesting that we really don't spend anything more in terms of as a percent of sale. If you take out the pharmaceutical business -- when I came to the company, we picked up spend and it sort of flattened and we've kept it in that similar sort of percentage of sales number all of the intervening years. But what has happened is this New Product Vitality Index, especially in the core, has somewhere between doubled and tripled. So the effectiveness of R&D has become very, very strong, and it's a big -- as David said earlier, what a lot of people perhaps overlook is the impact of these inventory corrections in the second half of our results from last year. The underlying growth is still very, very strong, and we expect it to continue. So whether anybody could ever answer the question, "What's the optimum spend?" But if you speculate in your mind and you look forward at the plans that we have for driving this NPVI, and the kind of way we think about it is we separate this Class 3, which is current replacement stuff, that's offsetting natural attrition and the balance of that. So today, this year, the number will be about 32% for the year, net-net, 15% in this sort of [indiscernible] and 17% in new products. You can kind of just get a rough idea of the growth rate which is underlying by just dividing that. It's not absolutely accurate. Just by dividing the -- 32 minus 15 equals 17 divided by 5, gets you 3.4%. So you know that, that's what's the underlying growth in the company. And now where would it be the right thing to do? I think -- we think that right now, we can see our way to around 40%. And that's what we need to get to that underlying organic growth rate that Pat and I talked about what seems like all those many years ago. So I think it's in that range. And the interesting thing then will be where should spend go? Should we -- can we flatten it out? Can we reinvest? Should we hold the investment at that level and the growth rate to that level? That's a ways away, but I think the thing -- the observation we can make is the impact of R&D and the efficiency of R&D has just gone up tremendously in 3M in these intervening years. And that's probably the thing that we ought to focus on.
George W. Buckley: Yes, Laurence, it's George here. You seem sort of -- if you think about sort of what has really affected your life in the last 10 years, I mean, there's all sorts of different things. But probably 70% of the impact on your life was electronics. And the things you carry in your bags, the things you have on your desk, and so on, so forth, communications. So I don't expect that pattern to change. There are some other supporting things that we don't have time now to go over. But what we've done is sort of gradually cede this into the company, and you'll see in the makeup of the company's products, more and more electronics, more and more software-oriented businesses. I expect this pattern to continue. Whether I'd want to sort of recommend to anybody, to the board in particular, that we make a big -- a very expensive software acquisition because these things tend to be for us much more sort of engineering-oriented. We have a good group in the company already that does that. We'd expand that probably organically. So I don't expect to see any sort of big leapfrog acquisitions in software, Laurence. On Europe, Europe generally speaking as an area has had lower growth than pretty much any of the other areas that we have in the world. These economic cycles come and they go. This one will be the same. I think there's been a trend in our company just progressively to push down and really demand more productivity in Europe. That won't change. I don't think there's going to be any, again, any cataclysmic restructuring program in Europe. We'll just continue to drive it down. Just one last sort of comment. If you just think about attrition in its own right, we attrited around 5% a year. So we can get some pretty good productivity out of that, notwithstanding having to -- not all skills are fungible. So I think it's going to be largely attrition-driven and probably specific issues from time to time, squeaky wheels that we oil, and that's probably about the way that we'll likely handle it.
George W. Buckley: Well, very interesting, I -- you have to -- I think the people are going to be very interested in this as it continues to push down on energy. The rate of adoption, obviously, we don't know. It's a new product, we'll have to see. But I think it's a very interesting product. And I suspect it will drive up the content, and particularly, in monitors and all-in-ones as we go forward. So I'm pretty optimistic and pretty upbeat about that. So I suspect, without me getting into the forecasting business on that one product line in that one segment, I think it's going to be a nice lift for the business as the year unfolds and more people adopt it.
George W. Buckley: Well, similar charges per square meter, yes. And a few other bits and pieces, of course, that we get along with that sale through that innovation. So probably content will go up a little bit.
Inge G. Thulin: Well -- this is Inge. Acquisitions will come in many shapes and forms. And maybe this could be viewed as slightly different than the ones we have done before. However, this -- in this business, scales matter, and this is very important for us in order to be able to build out opposition in that market. So this, we believe that this is very good because we will be able to add innovation to that business. We would be able to streamline our supply chain, mainly we will be able to give better services. And I think, overall, this is good for our customers and also for the shareholders, of course. So I think generally speaking, that it's slightly different, it's very much U.S.-based. But in this business, scales matter and we will be able to add a lot of value to our customers. We will also, with this business, be able to expand outside of United States. So we think, overall, this is a good addition for our Consumer and Office business. And it's a core for 3M. We know how to do this and have done it very well in the past.
Inge G. Thulin: Yes, we are asked in the due diligence relative to what we can as we move ahead. So I think one thing is we are going to be careful in terms of any comments due to the regulatory we are under at this point in time. But as we have looked upon it, we believe that in that specific market around office supplies, that we can capitalize on those brands and be able to build it out. Of course, in terms of cost synergies, there is -- we expect quite a bit that we'll be able to do. And that will be a good benefit for us, both in terms of manufacturing and supply and how we go to market. So we believe that our strong brands that we were able to capitalize on, there is a very good commercialization machine in 3M today that would be able to take those products and commercialize them in a more effective way and a more cost-effective way. And then of course, the whole supply chain will be streamlined as we go ahead here.
Inge G. Thulin: Yes. Well, commercial graphics is broad-based, as you know, in terms of both personalization and corporate identity programs. And that's going very well, and we are expanding very well in that area specifically. Architecture is a new business, a new investment for us, where we make very good inroad, which means that despite how construction is doing overall, we are able to go into that market and take market share and build our businesses. What's interesting for us is that commercial graphics is often a business that we're given early indicator of down or upturn in the economy, and we have not seen a downturn. And in fact, we're doing very, very well. I think one of the reason is this new personalization program that have been introduced, which was one of them -- when we talked earlier and David made a comment earlier, some investment that we did in the end of the year 2010 in terms of accelerated programs, 2 of the programs that was done there, one was in personalization for commercial graphics and the other one was around labels. So I see now that those programs are really taking off for us and we have really some good momentum going there. So that is the perspective on commercial graphics specifically. So that was early investment, and it's paying off now all over the world actually, as those programs start now to roll out in commercial graphics, specifically on the personalization side.
Inge G. Thulin: Yes, this is Inge. What we see, as I laid out earlier, we -- there's 3 things that affected the growth in Q4. And I think most of what was built up for the Chinese New Year came in, in Q4, and we have seen a little bit of uptick in the beginning. But it's too early in this quarter to talk about the orders' inflow in China and the impact for the quarter. But I think the 3 things, as I said earlier, that made the result for China was the successful execution of the government to slow the economy in order to manage inflation. It's clearly the economic environment, overly in terms of exports going over to Europe and United States. But specifically, to Europe, as that now stands for 19% of the exports out of China. And then the prominence in the electronic industry also made, that there was a little bit of slowdown. But as both David and myself and George talked about here earlier, we see all those 3 things type of moving up as the year progresses. But it looked like Q1 for China would be very similar to Q4 as it looks like now.
Inge G. Thulin: I would like, yes, to make one additional comment relative to Health Care because I think there's a couple of elements there that is working very well and is overall based on the strategy for the company. First of all, in infection prevention, this Arizant acquisition that was down last year is playing out very, very well for us. And then in addition, we have introduced some new products here, specifically the new silicon tape that is making a big difference in the market. So many things in Health Care is going on in terms of both driving productivity in the commercialization part but also the execution of the acquisitions they have done and new product introduction, specifically then in wound and skin health. So I think that all those elements is driving good margins for us.
Inge G. Thulin: Well, we see OLED, of course, coming on. And we don't have any big impact as we go into 2012. In fact, we see with some of the innovation that we are working on in our laboratories that could be an advantage for us because the LED segment need to respond to it. So again, in that segment overall, the important thing is to have innovation so you can meet a competitive threat, and for us -- it's for us to be able to provide our customers with alternatives. And I say a couple of very, very good programs going on that will help them to be able to defend their position. Overall, in that segment, which is the same for -- if you think about some of the Display and Graphics businesses, but also Electro and Communications is that's a very good space for us to be in due to the fact it's about technology innovation and cost out. And that is what 3M does very well. And both those businesses have very high NPVI. I think Electro and Communications is the highest in the company of over 42%. Meaning, as they now develop new platforms for the future, we are there working with them because that is the future for us.
Inge G. Thulin: Yes. I think that one thing we see that, generally, inventory levels have reset to healthy levels. And when you go in, as you talk specifically around film businesses for Electro and Communications and optical, they are now at 5 to 6 weeks in the channel. So when we talk to our customers and when we get the information from our own business heads here, its inventory levels have reset to a more healthy level.
