Inge G. Thulin: Well I think first of all, geographically, U.S. slowed down. And it slowed down basically in the last months of the quarter. And then I think there's two other elements out there in the world that happened to that business. Some, it's in developing economy where Brazil had a little bit of slowdown that was more than we expected. And then as you know, things are going on in Central East Europe, specifically in Turkey, that tempered it, generally speaking. So when you look upon it from a business perspective, if you tempered in United States which we did, that would go over all businesses. The U.S. I think tried to move some purchases forward maybe one to two quarter. That's what we're talking about, like mid-term or short-term tempering. So I would say all businesses except one, which is oral care, had positive organic local currency growth. And oral care was flat, so still showed growth but it was tempered. And by definition, I'm not concerned at all relative to the future of that business. And we continue to invest for the future. We've done quite some investment, as you know, the last couple of years. So there's no concern. Was just that it slowed down and it was basically in the last months of the quarter.
Inge G. Thulin: No, no. We don't – no, we don't change the guidance relative to that business moving forward at all. I think you should think about it, for the fourth quarter this year will maybe be very similar to the third quarter and then it will come back in the first quarter. I cannot tell you here and now – we cannot tell you here and now when in the first quarter that will come. It come early, mid or late in the quarter but it will come. So we don't change the guidance at all for this business moving forward into 2017.
Inge G. Thulin: Well relative to the pipeline, it's still very good in terms of what we are looking upon in all businesses. And as I've said earlier, there's some prime target in terms of business groups there when – and if you think about it, with Industrial, one-third of the company, of course we have interest in that business. Health Care and Safety & Graphics continue also to be prime objectives for us, but the pipeline is very solid for all of the five business groups. So solid. As always we have a look upon it from a strategic perspective and then make sure that the valuation is acceptable for us. And Nick will make some comments here relative to buyback.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah, as you said, so it being U.S. that hold back Industrial during the last couple of quarters, it was better in Q3. So that's positive, and we will see positive growth for Industrial in Q4. And that will be driven exactly as you said relative to we start to deliver now on the body armor. And we see some uptick in some of the other businesses. But it's very much the comp that will be a driver for us in Q4 and as we go into Q1. I'm very confident in our Industrial business group relative to growth going forward. And the reason for that is we have worked now for quite some time, not only in Industrial, but in all business group in order to make sure that we get the portfolio that be relevant for us in order to serve our customers. We have seen during the last couple of years some heavy lifting going on in the portfolio work, not only in Electronics & Energy but in Safety & Graphics and in Industrial as well. So when I look upon it, we are moving the company to spaces and places where we are more relevant and that we can also capitalize on technology conversion, meaning also driving better margin for us. So in fact, we have fired some of our portfolios over the years. So and it takes some time as you go through that process. It's not like you start to shift your portfolio and you start to shift your infrastructure in the company and everything will come immediately. But I'm very positive that we, now we start to see Industrial turning the corner as we move forward. And we will see the first quarter happen here in Q4.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Good morning, Scott. I think first of all, you have to look upon that business in terms of the overall portfolio. So for this quarter, just to make a couple of comments, we did better in electronic than we thought, and it was slightly tough with energy. In the energy piece was some big project that was delayed, specifically in telecom and in utilities. So I think that's again coming back to uncertainty in the market. It was not much of a shift, but it was a little bit of a shift. All in, we were down 8%, exactly as we told you at the last earnings call. So I feel good about that piece. Going forward, as we have shift the portfolio there as well, we will as we go start to see some positive evolution relative to growth rate because we are moving to segments that are growing faster and where we are more relevant. So if you look upon it, it will be around automotive electrification, data centers, sustainability, chemistry and green automation. That will be a shift as you go relative to where you today can look upon – it's very much design and assembly. So we have a range in the five-year plan as you know of zero to 4. We are in the first year of that plan which is then down. So it will be still the low end of that range, but as we roll in here for the future we should start to see some more positive movements forward for us in terms of growth rate.
Inge G. Thulin: And the other thing though, Scott. You look upon the margins now in that business. That business is now running at almost – they're 24%. So if you think about that where we started. We started at 15% 16%. That's work not only of cost out and structure out; it's also the portfolio work that had been going on. So for me when I look upon that business – and I think for all businesses, we should be positioned to win in places where we are relevant and can capitalize on technologies that we drive productivity and efficiency for our customers and also margins for us. So I think 8% down, you would like to grow. But we're able now to as I've said earlier, even where we are tempered on top line, we are able to deliver based on our new model. And we couldn't have done that for you five, six years ago. If we were down 8%, it would be terrible on the margins, so I feel confident now with our model there. And now as we move forward, now we will start to see some positive growth.
Inge G. Thulin: That's a very good question. It's a very good question. I don't know. I cannot get a probability of that. But as I've said the portfolio is rich in terms of candidates. I'd rather do slightly bigger than smaller. As I said earlier, we have during the last couple of years stepped up our probability – or the output on what we have done. And by definition, in order for us to move the needle forward, they should more sizable than we did in the past. So I think I hold it for then. Then when the news are coming out, we'll look upon the size of them. But we are ready. I mean we are ready. We are ready. I think we're on a good position to do what we need to do in order to bolster growth with or without acquisition. Also organically, we're doing okay.
Inge G. Thulin: Well, yeah. So if you start first of all, of Central East Europe and Middle East Africa. So yeah, of course, we saw, due to the situation, we saw Turkey slow specifically. And I think there was some slowdown also in Saudi Arabia. But I think if you look upon that region in total, yes, it's a tough situation. It's a tough situation there, and I think we have just to wait out for the euro-political situation to be settled before you start to see some big growth coming back there. Impact on West Europe. We had a very good quarter last quarter in West Europe and pleased with the quarter this quarter as well. Slightly slower growth, but still Germany had 3% growth in the quarter coming on a quarter last quarter that was 6%. So you add them together because the – a quarter or year doesn't start and end with a date. So if you look upon that. You take the biggest economy in West Europe, Germany, 6% for 3%. Let's say they are growing now around 4% and the business transformation is helping them. So I think the biggest concern generally speaking will then be Central East Europe and Middle East Africa in terms of growth rate at this point in time. I visited – Nick as well Europe just a couple of weeks ago and there's good momentum in the market, very much driven by automotive, by the way. So if automotive is doing well, we are doing well as well. So – but you saw this time, good growth in Sweden; good growth in Spain; Germany 3%. It's better growth than United States.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah. I think when you think about the cost, think about 3M as a company that are using multiple technology platforms. We have 46 technology platforms that is owned by the company, not one specific division or country. And then number two that we have manufacturing assets that can be used in multiple businesses. So – and as you can see now, the margin in that business, EEBG, as a business group, is on a very respectable level. So I would not be concerned on the cost side of the assets. On the technology transition, as I've said before, always when there is a technology transition, you can short term lose a little bit and then come back. I think it's important to know both in LED and OLED, we are providing solutions to those devices also that have OLED. It's slightly less but – than versus LED but we are still in that business and it's expanding in a way. I will say going into next year, I will look upon it may be similar to 2016 as we roll into the year. But we have worked on that for a long time. This is not a surprise for us. So that means that technologies is in the pipeline. And as I said, technology transition is always giving you either short-term up-tick immediately or you have to have a little bit of drag. But it will not be very, very long.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah. I think the reality of business is that it will be both. But it start by people holding back a little bit and then they work down the inventory. But it's not an inventory correction in any sort or shape or form. I think it is yes, that people have a little bit of uncertainty here in the quarter of how this will shake out and then they're ready to go again. So I think it's a normal reaction for anyone around the world when you're going into a period of uncertainty relative to, will there be any changes or policies as you move forward, et cetera. So I'm not too, honestly, I'm not concerned at all – as I said, and you like to see more growth there of course with the margins we have. But it's not overall concern at all.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah. Well as you saw, the U.S. IPI was negative 80 basis point in the quarter for Q4. So you think about that in terms of there's some negative thing there. But we see indications of positive movement in the industrial space relative to manufacturing. So we are not immune to the overall industry. And when you – at least what is projected now for the IPI in this was actually in Q3 was down 80 basis point in IPI output. For us, as we move ahead, we will see positive growth in Q4. And if you look into the year as we move ahead, Industrial is going for us over many, many segments if you like. Even into Safety & Graphics, in some pieces also in energy. And we see slightly, slightly positive movements in that total market segment as you move into next year.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah. I think it's both. It's like when you work with the customers, you get the indication of they start to see an uptick in order. I cannot comment on inventory. I don't think we have seen any change in inventory, to be honest. And I think it's a okay level at this point in time.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah. Well, I think first of all, it's – I don't think we're in a situation that we were in 2008 or 2009 where really everyone was pushed to do extraordinary things in order to improve the operations because there was no choice. I think we are in a situation now where we can work a model of do it when we can versus when we must, and I think that's an important differentiation to think about it. And everything we are doing now with the type of centralization, if you like, even if it's on a regional base, will help us a lot. And we are, yes, marching forward on that, marching forward in order to make sure that we build an organization for the future for 3M that both can grow and is becoming even more effective relative to operational excellence in the company. So we will go as fast as we can, but we are not taking any risks relative to be able to serve our customers. I think that's the important element. We are here to deliver to you what you expect, but we're also here of course to deliver to our customers. So I think you have this balance always when you implement new initiatives that you would like to go fast, but you have to make sure that you really understand the implication with the customers. So I think that's the answer to your question, that I and the team here, we are pushing as hard as we can to come as fast as possible to the most effective model, but you have always to think about customer first when you make those changes. But by definition, when you think about what we do in West Europe now, in terms of our inventories and so forth, yeah, of course it will be less SKUs because you consolidate inventories at fewer places et cetera. And that will roll out, and I'm sure that you have heard, and I know you have relative to our footprint initiatives that is, both in terms of manufacturing sites and in terms of distribution centers. So the answer is we are going as fast as we can, but we are not jeopardizing our service level to the customers.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah. Well, you know, if you think about our business model, we have a proven model that we are able to outgrow IPI and/or GDP by 1.5x IPI or GDP. That is of course not happening every year, so but if you look upon it for 10 years, we have been able to do that. With all initiatives that we have taken in the company relative to the portfolio, relative to improved commercialization processes, et cetera, we should be able to do slightly better than that as we move ahead. I don't make a distinction in between certain segments that some will outperform more than others. We should be able to outperform at least 1.5x, maybe 1.7x as we move ahead in every segment we compete in because that is the expectation. That's why we are there. If we don't do that, we are not relevant in that segment to our customers, and then we have to do something different. So the other comment I would like to make is we cannot predict when a turnaround is coming in the economy. We cannot predict that. I don't think anyone can. One thing I would like you to know, we are ready. We are ready with everything we have done the last couple of years in terms of the portfolio, terms of the structure, in terms of stepping up the investment in research and development from 5.5% closer to 6% and the supply chain model, enabled by business transformation that all start and end with the customers. We are ready. So when it comes, we are ready in the forefront to capitalize on that.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah. Hi. Good morning, Laurence. Yeah. Well first of all, if you take our operation in China, we, ex-Electronic, we have 4% organic local currency growth in the quarter. If you take in Electronics into it which actually was down 11%, we were down 2 percentage for China. Now, if there is a clear improvement is what I will consider domestic-driven businesses. So if you take the five business groups for us in China, SGBG grew 18%, Consumer 12%, Health Care 8%, and Industrial 2%. And then Electronic & Energy was down. But if you think about that, we had four or five business groups in China growing. And it was very much in consumer healthcare, automotive aftermarket, automotive OEM, and personal safety. So I think that what we have talked about for quite some time about, so it's not really a shift to try to grow out the domestic businesses. It's coming but on the other hand it's a little bit slower we think versus the original plan. But if you think about that whole business; if you take the electronic part which is very much in Asia and in China, we had a 4% growth in China. You will like it to be 12% but it's 4%, and it's the biggest subsidiary outside of United States for us. So I am slightly positive as we move ahead relative to China. Now, that theme is driving productivity big-time. The model there today versus five years ago is different. Everything was about growth. We grew 15% to 20% year-over-year. We don't any longer. We grow 4%, so now productivity is a key element for us and I think that's important. We have good margins and we continue to expand margin there. So I hope that helps in terms of explaining China.
Inge G. Thulin: No, I think you have over year seen more domestic businesses or companies type of stepping up and I would say in all honesty, some segments which is maybe more commoditized, it could be a challenge. And for us, as you know, we work very much with technology conversion and with brand equity, so it's less impact for us. But of course there is this competition and I would say I would more relate that maybe to local companies that try to build coming into the market. Mostly, I would say in commodity-related businesses, meaning it's a price game, it's not a performance game and you have to ask yourself at the end of the day if you are 3M would you like to play in that area? Because as I said, in EEBG I'd rather fire some SKUs if I don't make money and have lower growth but better margin.
Inge G. Thulin: No. As I said earlier on the call, it's basically United States the type of temper itself for the quarter, so I wouldn't be overly concerned about that. As I said earlier, you had some developing market, like Brazil, I think we saw a slowdown as well, but more than that, it's I wouldn't be overly concerned about it and I am not. And I think that's maybe the best piece for me to be in it, that I'm not overly concerned. But as I said, maybe in Q4 we will see equal quarter to Q3 until some uncertainty is in place. But as you see, we continue to invest. I told you about we did one acquisition in Switzerland for Health Information System, and then we also signed a partnership with Verily, both Verily and 3M, two very creative dynamic companies that are building out platforms. So we look very, very positively to not only Health Information System but all businesses in that business group.
Inge G. Thulin: Thank you. Looking ahead, we remain focused on executing the 3M playbook and preparing our company for the future. As you know, we have done a lot of work over the last several years to adjust our portfolio, improve our cost structure, enhance our technology capabilities and make us even more relevant to customers. So while the macro environment is challenging at the moment, we are positioned well for when global growth conditions improve. This is true both for developed and developing markets where we have the experience, the market position and depth of capabilities to capitalize on the win as their economies recover. With that, I think you for joining us this morning, and we're looking forward to see you in New York on December 13. Have a great day. Thank you.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah, Joe. Yeah. As you've seen year to date, we've repurchased $2.8 billion of our stock. And in Q3, the market was trading at near all-time highs and you've heard me say this before, that one of the factors that influences our repurchase activity is relative value and price. And as you know, that's why we stepped up our activity earlier in the year in the first quarter. So over time, the pace of our repurchases is dependent on other demands on capital such as M&A along with the relative value of the stock. And those things are what's impacting us, now putting a guidance at $3.5 billion to $4.5 billion for the year.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah. Sure, Andy. As you can imagine, we're still working on our 2017 outlook. And on December 13, we'll provide more details on that at our outlook meeting. At a high level, Andy, we expect an external growth market to continue moving sideways in 2017. That's the overall external picture we're anticipating. From a business perspective, we do expect our Industrial and Electronics & Energy businesses to have improved growth rates in 2017 versus what we've been seeing in 2016. And then to part of your question on margins, Andy, we're still expecting price raw materials to be positive to earnings and to margins in 2017, probably at a lower level of contribution to margin enhancement than what we've seen in 2016. And then business transformation, I expect that to have a increased positive impact on our earnings per share and net margin in 2017. I think you've heard me say that we expected and we're realizing approximately $50 million of operating income benefit from business transformation in 2016. And that's part of our journey moving to $500 million to $700 million of savings by 2020. And I'd expect 2017 to be a continued progression on that path. That said, we are as you mentioned, we're going to have a couple headwinds. Pension is likely to be a headwind for us. If I were to take current rates where they are, I'm estimating this will be about a $150 million headwind for 3M in 2017. And FX will likely be a headwind for us, not so much based on movements in exchange rates, but the fact that we won't be repeating some of the hedging gains that we experienced in 2016. All in, those lower hedge gains will probably hurt our margins by about $100 million. So all in, Andy, that's the puts and takes of a preview of what I expect we'll be talking about in a month and a half.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Of course, Peter. Yes. For the third quarter in total, we reported 60 basis points of price growth. And 30 basis points of that was related to pricing adjustments we make in relation to FX. So you can split that right down the middle. 30 of it is core underlying price growth and another 30 related to FX. And many of you have probably heard me say over time that stripping out FX that our core ability to price ranges between 30 and 50 basis points. So we saw third quarter as another consistent quarter in that trend. In regards to the U.S., we were down slightly in price. That's really consistent with where we've been for the total year in the U.S. with prices more or less flat. And there's selected businesses at any given time where we're choosing to raise price, some where we're choosing to lower price based on competition. And in the case of the U.S., there's been selected cases where we've adjusted our pricing in our strategies to gain market share.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yes. We're still expecting price raws to be adding approximately 100 basis points to our margin for total 2016. Very similar to what we saw in Q3 which was also 100 basis margin benefit.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Of the 100 basis points of price raw materials, 70 basis points is coming from lower raw material prices. And that's really a combination of both. Some benefits we're seeing in commodity prices but increasingly reliance on our own sourcing teams' negotiations and productivity efforts. So that's 70 basis points. And the other 30 basis points from the price I talked about earlier.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah. Shannon, we expect E&E's margin for the total year of 2016 to be about 20% operating income margin. And it remains one of the businesses that we continue to see overweight margin expansion capacity in the coming years. So we're certainly striving to get it up to the company average, and I think you'll see it overweight for margin expansion in the next couple years.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: John, our electronics business is $3 billion out of the Electronics & Energy business. The display material solutions division within electronics is about 60% of that total, $3 billion, so about $1.8 billion. So, and much of that is connected with LCD but not all of it.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Well it depends, John, on device. Right now, mobile phones is the most significant device impacted between LCD and OLED. And we see that as approximately 30% OLED today in 2016 and about 70% still LCD.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Right. For instance, television, still vast, vast majority LCD or LED. And tablets is a pretty small number there as well.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: John, it's about as close to a net neutral as you can imagine outside of FX. But from a standpoint we make some things in UK that we export, we also import things to UK. So it's very close to net neutral. Just having the pound devalue, that of course has a negative impact, but I think you're asking more the underlying and we're not a gainer or a loser in that.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: So from a pound perspective, if for a 5% move in the pound, that would be about a $0.015 negative impact on us, just taking the FX impact of our UK. It's about 3% of our total global business. So just to size it up, how the pound movement impacts our total earnings per share.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah. Nigel, I'll have to ask you to wait until December 13 for more specific numbers on that. But directionally, my comments about the external economy continuing to go sideways, I think that's a fair representation about how we're planning right now. And then incrementally that we see better improved growth in both Industrial and Electronics & Energy. But the actual numbers, let's wait until December 13 to talk about those.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah. Nigel, when I look at Latin America and our price growth there, yes. As we saw the real strengthen quite a bit in recent months, but we're still seeing high inflation in the economy in Brazil which is giving us the opportunity to be having price growth that's matching what's going on in the economy. So yes, it's much more around inflation than it is around FX right now.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Sustainable going forward, I probably wouldn't go that far to call that sustainable. A lot depends on what the inflation rate continues to be, and I think that will be influenced by what happens with FX rates in the coming quarters.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah. Deane, we've – as you know, we typically set a repatriation plan at the beginning of the year. We sometimes modify that if anything – well, it's gone up slightly of what we're repatriating from what our plans were at the beginning of the year. So it's eked up a little but not significantly, Deane.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah. The strategic investments that we had in the third quarter, some of them touch multiple businesses including Health Care and Industrial in the third quarter. And in total, we're still expecting that we're going to accelerate that pace throughout the year in 2016. It's been ramping up each quarter. I'm highly confident the fourth quarter will be the highest quarter for strategic investments for 3M for 2016 and pretty close to being in line to what I originally guided last December.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah, Steve, I'm going to leave it just as we expect it to be better. We'll talk more in December 13 of what we see for the total growth range for Electronics & Energy in 2017.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah, Steve, we have been seeing the benefits from raw materials slipping as we move from quarter to quarter. The 40 basis points where you're doing the math of coming out with 100 basis points, I'd call that more just a function of rounding where the actual math might come out a little higher than that and we're just rounding it to approximately 100 basis points. I wouldn't over read that Steve.
