Monish Patolawala: Thank you Nick, and good morning everyone. First, I would like to recognize and thank Nick not only for his 35 years of outstanding service to 3M, but also for his partnership, counsel and guidance over the past month in helping me learn 3M and ensure a smooth transition.  Like Nick, I am humbled to be a part of this outstanding company. I have had great admiration of 3M and its vast scientific capabilities to positively impact the world, including and across industry, healthcare and consumers’ lives. It’s great to be a part of the leadership team and to lead the company’s global finance organization. Over the past month, I have spent time meeting with leadership, key finance members, and also participating in strategic and operating reviews and discussions. While I have only been on the job for a few weeks, this past month has given me a great opportunity to personally engage with our leadership team and learn the company. I want to thank all 3Mers for their warm welcome. With that, let me make a few remarks regarding our thoughts on the coming quarter.  As we start the third quarter, we are seeing sequential improvements in end markets, including automotive, healthcare, and general industrial. While the strength and pace of recovery remains uncertain, we currently are expecting global economic activity to be stronger in Q3 as compared to Q2.  Turning to our business, we are seeing a broad-based pick-up in growth across our businesses and geographies as we start the third quarter. With one week left in July, total company sales are currently up low single digits year-on-year. With respect to respirators, we anticipate continued strong demand which we estimate will contribute approximately 300 to 350 basis points to company-wide Q3 organic growth. As we did throughout Q2, we will continue to provide monthly sales information, therefore we will provide an update on July sales once we have finalized results in a few weeks.  From an operational standpoint, though we anticipate some pick-up in costs as sales growth improves, we are maintaining our aggressive cost discipline while also continuing to invest in future growth and productivity, therefore looking at margins, we currently anticipate our third quarter adjusted operating income margins in the range of 20% to 21%. Finally with respect to free cash flow, we will continue our efforts to drive improvements in working capital and prioritize capex spend. Our ongoing focus on cash flow along with disciplined capital allocation are central to enhancing our financial flexibility and strengthening our capital structure.  While uncertainty remains, we are confident in our ability to continue to execute on our priorities, respond to changes in the marketplace, and invest in future growth and productivity.  With that, I thank you for your attention, and we will now take your questions.
Monish Patolawala: Thanks for the question. The way we look at it is we have said before, it’s an extremely uncertain environment, so for us to look at what you call stability, we’ll have to figure out what our end markets look like. Think about big end markets, whether that’s healthcare, automotive, and personal safety, so until we see that stability, it’s just going to be really hard for us, so I would call those as the goalposts.  Of course, how the coronavirus cases play out in the world will be another big factor in this and how the economies start opening up, so those are just some of the macro indicators that we’ll have to look at before we feel comfortable, and that’s why we are taking this day by day and we’re going to continue providing you monthly guidance on our revenue, and then as that stabilizes I think we’ll be in a better position to have a stronger view on capital allocation.
Monish Patolawala: Sure Steve. So as Nick mentioned in his prepared remarks and the prior question, most of the actions that were taken in the second quarter were temporary in nature. We have taken some structural actions through a restructuring charge, but most of them were temporary in nature. I would say we are going to continue our strong cost discipline that we are doing, but at the same time as the economic recovery starts coming back up, we are going to see investments in both growth and productivity, as well as some of the timing items in 2Q will play back out in Q3 and Q4, so that’s our current view right now.  As I said, uncertain environment, but depending on which way the world plays out, we are ready to act in both investing in growth and productivity at the same time.
Monish Patolawala: As of right now, I would say that, Steve; but again, as I said, let’s see how the world plays out. We’ll act both on growth and productivity as required. But for Q3, again, looking at the cost actions, just to reiterate, we are looking at as sequential revenue goes up, margin rate is going to go up to 20% to 21%, which is 50 to 150 BPs better than Q2.
Monish Patolawala: The way to look at it, John, I think the reason we went to incremental quarter-over-quarter or sequential is because it’s so hard to do the math year-on-year. There were some gains last time as well as we’ve got the impact of the Acelity acquisition this year, and that’s why I would just request that you focus on the sequential, and that’s where we are showing margin improvement of 50 to 150 basis points as we go forward, as volume starts getting better. 
Monish Patolawala: Sure, so I will just start by saying a hallmark of 3M has been its strong capital structure, and our plan is to continue doing that. De-leveraging has been a priority for 3M and we are going to continue that journey. I think the pace of de-leveraging will depend on how economic activity recovers and also our ability to continue driving strong cash flow and control our working capital. That’s what I would just say for the time being is our current view. To reiterate capital allocation, our first priority has always been to invest in the business. It’s R&D organic growth, best returns right there. Dividend is our second, which has been a big hallmark of 3M, that’s our second priority, and then M&A is third, and then share buybacks would be our last priority. That’s the way we are looking at it right now.
Nicholas Gangestad: Scott, I’d say the majority of the $400 million is temporary, that much of what we were doing in second quarter was reducing expenses through disciplined holding down of expenses. There were some other things that we did of restructuring actions that we think will--that we know will benefit us going forward, but the majority of this $400 million we see as temporary spending reductions and not permanent spending reductions.
Nicholas Gangestad: Hey Julian. Yes, with the guide that we’re putting out for third quarter margin 20% to 21%, we’ve been looking at it from a sequential perspective and seeing it up 50 to 100 basis points over where we finish Q2 of this year. Now, as you’re doing and looking at last year, you’ve got to remember last year had some one-off things benefiting it. We had a gain on a sale of a building that’s included in that. We also have the impact of Acelity year-on-year with Acelity not in our third quarter results last year but they’re now in there. Those are the two biggest things impacting the year-on-year number.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes Julian, I wouldn’t take the comments to say that we expect the margins to be up year-on-year in our healthcare business. My comments there were in regards to compared to where we saw margins in the second quarter, we anticipate those continuing to expand as we see elective procedures coming back and our own volumes going up. If I use oral care as an example, each month of the second quarter we were seeing improvement in our year-on-year growth rates in that, and we expect that to continue going forward.  We’re also seeing improvements on the month in our medical solutions business, so we are seeing signs that these elective procedures are coming back and we’re seeing the start of that later in the second quarter, early into the third quarter, and as that continues, we expect that to have a positive impact on the sequential operating margins for healthcare. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Nigel, to your question on the EBITDA margins for healthcare, and yes, we’re seeing that down, and your presumption is correct. What we are seeing there is almost all volume related when we look at it on an EBITDA basis, because then we’re pulling out the impact of the Acelity purchase accounting impact. It’s almost all volume related, and then again, as we see volumes coming back up, we expect that to abate and come back to more normal operating margins for our healthcare business.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, so we’re at 50 basis points of price growth in the second quarter, and we don’t foresee that having a material change in the second half of the year. What we’ve been experiencing for price growth, both for the first and the second quarter, we think is pretty indicative of where we’ll be for the total year. John, there’s really not any big trend change going on there to highlight. It’s been a very stable number and we think it will remain stable.
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes Joe, the core decrementals in healthcare once I pull out Acelity, then we’re in 60% or a little higher than 60%, which is not unusual given the make-up of our cost structure in healthcare. Once I pull out Acelity, then we’re in that range. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, when we look at a mix impact, we have pluses and minuses. It really nets out to very little change on our overall healthcare margin. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes Andy, in total the fact that our revenue was down year-on-year, we’re not seeing a benefit margin in our safety and industrial business from the combination of the higher respirator sales and the lower sales in the rest. Those look pretty much as a push to us. The 180 basis point margin expansion, some of that is coming from that $400 million of cost actions that we’re doing, that safety and industrial had its share of that, but this was also a business where we were taking actions last year in restructuring, so the lack of repeat of that expense plus the positive benefit of that restructuring, all of those things in combination led to that 180 basis point margin expansion. It’s really not a mix or a respirator story.  Then going forward, we do see continued margin expansion potential in this business going forward, possibly not on the same scale as what we saw here in regards to the margin guidance that we provided, but it’s still a business where we see upside on the margin on a year-on-year basis. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, when we look at on a per-billing day sales from April to May to June, we saw an improvement each of those months. However, that’s a normal pattern for us. It’s a normal pattern as we go through the second quarter that May and June sales per billing day goes up, and we saw that again this year. So in a year-on-year growth comparison, what we saw on a per-billing day was very comparable, about the same growth on a sales per billing day in May as what we saw in June. What we’re seeing now in July is now a more noticeable direction change, where on a sales per billing day and on an absolute basis, we are seeing it up low single digits versus where we were in July of last year.
Michael Roman: Yes Scott, maybe I’ll characterize it a little, really in line with what Monish said in his remarks. It’s pretty broad right across businesses and geographies. We are seeing some positive growth in China coming out of Q2, and that continues, but it’s really broad-based. It is related to some of the things you highlighted - elective procedures coming back, the automotive build rate sequentially getting better, still negative but getting better, so we’re seeing--I wouldn’t say we’re seeing the signs of a snapback in the inventory in the channel yet, but we’re certainly early days benefiting that broader improvement across businesses and geographies.
Michael Roman: Yes Andrew, through the entire COVID experience, we really have validated the model that we have around the world. As you know we manufacture in China a majority of what we sell in China, so we really are closely connected with the supply chains there, and I would say at this point we don’t see an impact from the flooding. We’re watching it closely, we’re staying connected to our customers as they see interruptions. If it worsens or their businesses are interrupted, we will certainly adjust in the supply chain, but at this point we don’t see a material impact on the China results.  We’re seeing fairly broad-based improvements really across electronics and industrial and transportation markets leading the way. Like the U.S., elective procedures in healthcare are a little slower to recover, but it’s fairly broad-based in that growth that we saw in Q2. So not at this time, but we will stay close to it and update as we go.
Michael Roman: Yes, so the growth was all in sales, Nigel, so it’s both acquisitions and organic. I would say that broad-based view of businesses and geographies, it’s adding up everywhere a little bit. That’s what’s making the difference, and we’re seeing demand come back. There was a lot of--I think a lot of optimism that we were seeing an economic recovery at the end of second quarter, and we saw pretty consistent organic growth across the months in the quarter. We’re seeing it come through now in July, so it’s just, I would say, the timing of it and that broad-based across businesses and geographies is adding up to improving trends. I’m encouraged by what I see.  It’s still early days in the third quarter, but we’re off to a good start, and I think it’s a start of a trend in those markets is the cause of it.
Michael Roman: Nigel, before I give it to Nick, maybe just a comment about the channel at the end there. We did see some strong point of sale as we came through second quarter, so there was expectation that sell-in would follow. That’s probably contributing some of it, but we aren’t seeing a big, as I said earlier, a big snapback in the channel, but there has been stronger point of sale, so that’s also contributing.
Michael Roman: Yes Jeff, electronics for us was down 1%, and as you said, it was kind of a mix of different stories. There was strength in semiconductor, data centers, factory automation. Those were all up double digits for us. Those have been part of our focus on where we invest for growth in electronics. That was offset by softness in consumer electronics. The broader transportation electronics was impacted more heavily by automotive and, I would say, our commercial solutions business, but in electronics the strength was in those categories. We see those trends continuing. Semiconductor fabrication continues robust growth. Consumer electronics is still soft as we start third quarter, but the benefit of being in those higher growth segments gave us some strength in electronics in the quarter.
Michael Roman: Well, our retail partners are planning for back to school, and as you said, there’s a lot of uncertainty around it. It’s another one of those things that’s almost day by day. We are--we built a little bit of inventory even as we went through the first half and anticipation of back to school. We see that being something that is going to add to some of the growth as we move forward, but it’s a lot of uncertainty around how it’s going to play out. The strength in consumer for us has been around home improvement and our cleaning products. Stationary and office had been declining as schools were closed, of course. We’re hoping to see an uptick in demand as schools open, but that still remains to be seen.
Michael Roman: Yes Deane, you hit it. Our innovation and really a core of what we do in Filtrete has been focused on residential, both indoor air quality and, I would say, residential HVAC, together with room air purifiers being part of that. Our innovation goes into the Filtrete filters that are part of that.  The commercial side, while we contribute some of our non-woven technology, it’s not a big part of our air quality growth. It’s one of those areas that it’s still nascent in how the innovation is going to make a difference there. We work in our innovation on opportunities there, but when we talk about the outlook for the strength in this area and the growth that we’re seeing in our priority growth platform, it’s really in that residential side of the marketplace. 
Michael Roman: Yes, it’s still the heart of 3M is our innovation. It comes through in those new product launches. We highlighted a little bit the benefit we’re seeing in these priority growth platforms, but it’s much broader than that. We continue to launch new products and like everything else, we’re adjusting in the middle of COVID, prioritizing where we see market opportunities, and I would say in some cases you see in our capex delaying some of the investments as we see slowness in markets. Now, we have plans for robust new product launches in the second half of the year. It’s going to be still a critical part of our growth drivers, so it doesn’t change, we just have to adjust to the market opportunities, and I would say too the pace of investment as we go through the rest of the year.
Michael Roman: Yes Andy, we are seeing that recovery in China, and I highlighted earlier it’s really across safety and industrial, transportation and electronics leading the improvements there as we move ahead. Healthcare is still slow as elective surgeries even--or elective procedures come back in China as well. We are--you know, we see that, as I highlighted, continuing as we start the third quarter. Japan was down 12% in the quarter, really seeing declines in safety industrial and consumer, transportation electronics as well, so it’s a broad-based slowness there. I think we’re seeing that across geographies, that there’s kind of a sequence to things. You’re seeing the earlier recovery in China, then you see EMEA, Americas, and Japan, other parts of Asia kind of going through--a step behind that, and we saw some of that in Japan as we went through the second quarter. 
Michael Roman: Markus, the announcement on ADEM, that’s something that we had previously disclosed, and we’ve reached an interim consent order in partnership with ADEM, so this will have requirements as we move ahead. What we know about remediation that’s probable and estimable is part of our reserve, but there will also be capital and operating costs that go along with complying with the consent order. It’s not expected to be material for 3M, but it is something that will become part of our operational costs as we move ahead.
Michael Roman: To wrap up, the 3M team delivered another strong operational performance in the second quarter. In a challenging environment, we posted robust cash flow, managed costs, and continued to invest for the future.  We will continue to fight COVID-19 from all angles, and we are well positioned to deliver value for our customers and shareholders during the pandemic and as the economy recovers.  Thank you for joining us.
