Inge Thulin: Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate you joining us today. The third quarter for 3M was marked by steady execution and strong growth delivered in a mixed global economic environment. For the fifth consecutive quarter, we posted organic growth in all business groups and all geographic areas. Our team’s execution also produced raising margins and the highest quarterly sales in 3M history. At the same time, we made investments in research and development and our commercialization capabilities to ensure long term success. Let me take you through a few highlights of the quarter. Earnings rose to $1.98 per share, up 11.2% year-over-year. Sales were $8.1 billion, a 3M record. Organic growth was 4% companywide on top of 6% growth in last year’s third quarter. Leading the way with 5% growth was Healthcare, a business that is pioneering medical advancements in emergency rooms, hospitals and dental clinics around the world. Electronics and Energy grew a solid 4% with particular strength in our electronics business. Industrial also grew 4% with special encouraging growth in the United States. Consumer delivered 3% growth, including significant gains in our do-it-yourself business. Safety and Graphics also grew 3% led by our personal safety division. Organic growth was positive across all geographic areas paced by the United States at 6% and Asia Pacific at 5%. I’m pleased that operating margins are very robust. Margins rose to 23%, up 1.4 percentage points year-on-year. All business groups delivered margins greater than 22%, another company first. Margin expansion combined with 4% organic growth is further evidence our portfolio management actions are delivering hard results. Free cash flow was strong in the third quarter, allowing us to deploy more resources to enhance the values of our businesses. And we returned $1.8 billion to shareholders to dividends and share repurchases. On September 1st, 3M also completed acquisition of the remaining 25% of our Sumitomo subsidiary at the price of $865 million. And three weeks ago, I was in Japan to visit our team along with our biggest customers. We discussed the growth opportunities in the market around infrastructure, healthcare, consumer and other areas. Our 3M Japan team is excited to grow into an even bigger and more profitable enterprise. Overall, I’m pleased with our third quarter performance. We executed well and delivered strong growth across the company. Nick will now take you through the details. Nick.
Inge Thulin: Thank you, Nick. As I look across our enterprise, one eye is always on the microscope, driving results day to day, month to month, quarter to quarter. And I remain very pleased with those results. The other eye is on the telescope, ensuring we’re investing for the long term prosperity. Three strategic levers are strengthening our foundation for the future. The first is portfolio management. I mentioned our Japanese acquisition along with portfolio actions in Electronics and Energy. Earlier this year, we also realigned divisions in our Safety and Graphics business group. And on Tuesday, we took action within our Industrial business group. Our personal care division was merged into industrial adhesives and tape division. This will increase customer relevance, create broader research and development and manufacturing capabilities, boost efficiency and position the business for greater success. The second lever is investing in innovation. Innovation is the heartbeat of 3M. It generates unique solutions for customers and raising value for shareholders. That is why research and development is in the center of our plan. We are increasing research and development investment to about 6% of sales by 2017. We’re also funding 26 product platforms specifically aimed to create new sustainable growth to disruptive technologies. I’m very encouraged that we are beginning to see initial product commercialization from some of those programs in healthcare, infrastructure, consumer and other markets. In September, we opened our 46th global customer technical center in the United Kingdom which showcases the breadth of our technology. Those facilities provide an ideal setting for our scientists to meet directly with customers and explore solutions to their unique challenges. This is a very important element as 3M is in the business of inventing things that are both new and useful. These investments are critical to bolstering our competitive edge into the future. The third lever is business transformation. This will allow us to deliver quicker and greater value to customers by creating a more ideal 3M. The backbone is a global ERP system. We are currently live in five countries. Most recently, we also successfully deployed our largest European distribution center in Jüchen, Germany. With each deployment, we are learning more and using those lessons to refine our plans going forward. I remain encouraged by our progress and I will give you a further update on our December 16th investor meeting in New York. To support our ERP system, we are also in the process of creating a standardized global business process. Ultimately, this will leverage 3M’s size and scale to drive productivity and improve service to customers. Those were the three strategic levers propelling our forward fuel. Yet, underpinning each strategy we adapt is the 3M team. Our company has many core strings. Chief among them is our people – their creativity, their skill and their ability to execute no matter the force of external headwinds. I thank our entire 3M team for delivering a strong third quarter even in a mixed global economic environment. Because of them, we are delivering consistent results today while remaining on track to meet our long term targets. Thank you for your attention. With that, we now welcome all your questions.
Inge Thulin: So I think for us in the quarter, as you see on our result for West Europe, we slide down slightly versus Q1 and Q2. That was, I will say, a small temper in Germany relative to the industrial sector. But the consumer and retail piece in that market, meaning the domestic business were still doing okay if you talk about Germany as a country. And the interesting thing in Europe was that there are many countries there that have dragged the performance in West Europe as of the last couple of years like Iberia, Italy, Benelux, in some cases, Alpine. And they show slight growth. So even – and we saw growth in U.K. as well. So I will say that we saw a slight decline in the industrial piece but it’s not alarming by definition for us. And when we look upon data, when we look upon IPI growth, GDP growth, PMI growth, et cetera, you can see a temper, specifically PMI, that is related to the manufacturing space but is not a concern at all. I will say also when we look upon West Europe in total with a slight decline in growth, if you pool all pieces together, we can in fact pace that down to some utility businesses that are project-based that we had a comparison that was a little bit tougher for us. And that business is coming back next year. So I will say that we got sideline in terms of West Europe if you combine it with total international.
Inge Thulin: Well, we look upon the same metrics as I talked about for Germany, so IPI, GDP, PMI, et cetera. And when I look upon that for China, it look actually slightly better than the figures I talked about for Germany. So for us, we had a 4% growth in total. If you exclude electronic, it was 7%. So we are mid to high single-digit in our base business. And that is where we have been for the last I will say one to one and a half year. So for me, when I look upon China looking forward, even if they are building out, as we all know, they are building out a domestic business that is good for 3M with our consumer and healthcare business and even if there’s a little bit pressure on the export business, I will say for us we see now us to be in mid to high single-digits. And it’s very consistent for the last couple of quarters. So it’s not – from that perspective looking forward, it’s not an alarming figure for me.
Inge Thulin: We would talk more in December 16 relative to ‘15. And as you can see, we have improved this year very much in Electronics and Energy. That was based on the plan, right? So you recall that business and we go back now a couple of years, we have done a lot in that business in order to improve our performance, both in terms of growth and margins. As you have seen that we constantly have moved them upwards. And we have said for this year that they should come closer to 20, maybe not the whole way to 20 full year, but that is what they will be. And you also know that three of the businesses are basically on corporate average in terms of margin. And then you have Healthcare that is slightly higher I will say. So you will see us be able to continue the work we are doing on our portfolio and so forth. But I don’t know that I can at this point in time call out someone. I think if you look upon it, it’s very robust and broad based now which is good for us.
Inge Thulin: Positive in terms of what?Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Well, if I net out the margin impact, right, for –
Inge Thulin: Oh okay, yeah. I know that. Okay.Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: – discounts and productivity.
Inge Thulin: Yes, yes. Yes.Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. It sort of turned quite negative in 2012 and then it’s been negative. And it’s the first time it’s now a contributor.
Inge Thulin: Well, we were positive in Brazil this quarter. And as you probably recall, last quarter was more of a concern. So we actually turned more positive in this quarter. We had a 4% organic local currency growth. And by the way, we had 15% organic local currency growth in Mexico. So I always say when you look upon it, we have a big industrial business down there. And they grew at every at the average of the company. So I’d say Brazil was types of average in terms of the growth type of mid-single digit for this quarter. And my own prediction is it will be slightly better as we move ahead. Now when you talk about some others and their performance and so forth, I cannot comment with that. But I can tell, we have been in Brazil since 1946 as we probably have talked about before. So we have a very solid organization there where we have all function in place. We have a strong manufacturing footprint in order to deliver in that local market. We have a very capable research and development organization and we have a commercialization arm that we, as you know, always going in with first. So I think one of the success factors for us is we have all functions in place in Brazil and been there for a long time. We know the market, know the culture, we’re able to develop solutions for their market and produce it there in their home country. So I think that’s maybe one differentiator for us versus some other people. But we saw slight uptick in this quarter versus last quarter. And I’m very happy with that business there. And I’m more optimistic moving forward than opposite.Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Fantastic. Thank you very much.
Inge Thulin: As I look out in the next quarter, we expect deals and continued benefit on price of raw materials. Pension of course will continue as a benefit. And productivity probably still continuing as a benefit. FX right now which was fairly neutral on the third quarter, I think it’s more likely to think of that as a negative on the fourth quarter.
Inge Thulin: Well, high 20s or low 30s, they are very good. And we have a very effective model and we are very confident that the solutions that we are providing both in the developed world and the developing world will let us continue to be competitive not only the marketplace in terms of market share, but also due to our capabilities in manufacturing which is a very strong side for us to have manufacturing capabilities that is holding our cost on very low and competitive positions. So if you think about the healthcare space, generally, for many, many decades there have always been pressure in those markets. So I can recall myself when I lead back in Europe early ‘90s and so forth, there was this German Healthcare Reform Act. It was exactly what is going on from time to time in countries. So we are used to be able to scale and leverage our businesses as we go ahead. So I’m not overly concerned about us being able to maintain margins at the very high level. Now we are continuing to invest and you have seen and when you look upon our mix, 75% of our business in healthcare is in developed economy. And only 25% in developing. And the growth will come there overtime and we’re able to renew product and technical solutions able to put new price points based on the evidence of improved customer satisfaction in that segment. So it’s a good space for us. We continue to invest and we are very, very local in all those markets. And domestic market, local market is good for us. We know how to do that.
Inge Thulin: Yes, the pipeline is good for us as we look upon it. We have done a couple of acquisitions during the last 12 months as we talked about. Sumitomo was one that maybe you guys was not thinking so much about before we did it. But it was a very good one if you look upon the financials there. And with Treo which was a smaller one. And as Nick said, we are executing that very, very well actually and ahead of both top and bottom line relative to expectation. So every business group has a good, robust pipeline and we are looking upon them. I think the important thing for us when we look upon them, we need to make sure that first of all, they fit into our portfolio now that is categorized in terms of where we would like to go. And then also the four fundamental strings of 3M which is around technology, manufacturing capabilities, brand and the global capabilities. So we need to make sure that those four fundamentals are directly linked in so we can drive additional value as fast as possible when we do them. So I would say our pipeline is okay. The multiples are maybe too high based on how we think about it today. And as you know, the primary strategy for us is organic local currency growth. And that is why we are beating up the investment and research and development. And when I look upon what we are delivering from an organic local currency perspective, and done now for quite some time in the range of, as you know, we have about 4% to 6%. So I’m happy with that. I think that’s one of the things we have to remain focused on that acquisitions will be complementary and they should be strategically important and we should be able to drive value immediately for us and for you.
Inge Thulin: So first of all, we have to go back and think about what we did in that business. We started by realigning those businesses and reduced a number of touch points out to the customers. And we did that at least two years now it seems. We tapped or realigned that organization and formed an organization that did a couple of things. First of all, we’re able to touch the end market. We’re able to connect back to our technology platforms and respond much faster with solutions to a very fast moving market. So I think that was a key element. And we also made sure that we could get better asset utilization as we aligned the businesses. And as you know that will also then drive productivity into our organization structure, et cetera. The business have gone, since it was formed over two years ago, I think from 15, 17 and now at 15, 17 I think we start 17 this year. We are touching closer to 20 as we have said for the year. That business by definition is a little bit more volatile than the other businesses for us. But our expectation here at 3M and on that business is that they should be part of almost close to the average of the company as we move ahead. So I think we’re on a much better place today based on the streamlines work we have done around the organization structure which all have been in the benefit for the customer in terms of responsiveness and for us, relative to asset utilization.
Inge Thulin: No, not where we can see at this point in time. See, we have guidance there, we are 4% to 5% for the year and we feel confident around that.Stephen Tusa – J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Inge Thulin: No, we did not see that at all. So our electronics business did very well as you saw with, I think we called it out with 8% organic local currency growth. So we didn’t see anything on that. I think the external data at least going back to Q2 was indicating then at that market went sideway overall, right, so now then it’s for you if you’re in that segment then depending what you are in that segment, then it’s coming down to execution. Make sure that you capitalize on the market overall. Based on our portfolio, we didn’t see that.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Ram, we are – there’s a portion of our raw materials, not a significant portion that are based on oil prices. Right now, we don’t expect a significant impact from that. If we do look forward into the coming year, we’ve had a couple of years where raw materials have been a tailwind to us and we do expect that to continue into 2015.
Nick Gangestad: Good morning.Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a question/observation. If we net out productivity in investment, it seems that we have turned positive for the first time since I think Inge you have become this company’s CEO. And I’m just wondering –
Nick Gangestad: Andrew, there’s several things driving that productivity that you’re noting. With the growth we’re seeing, we’re seeing improved factory utilization. But also what we’re seeing in our productivity improvements is the result of our prioritization and portfolio management that you are seeing a difference there. Our business model is to drive those productivity improvements and as we’ve talked about with our strategic investments, to invest that to improve our capability going forward.Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. But do we think we’re going to go back to sort of where it’s a driver in margin or do you think it can actually turn positive – it’s sustainable and positive or neutral.
Nick Gangestad: Andrew, I don’t see us going back into negative productivity with the current economic situations we’re facing. I see it continuing neutral to slightly positive. But some of that consumed by our continued strategic investments.Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. The second question, just can you give us more color on Brazil because it’s an area where we get a lot of questions from investors. It seems to be a concern. But you keep posting positive numbers. Can you just give more color on industrial versus consumer businesses and if you’re seeing any sort of yellow flags? You keep telling us you guys are going to do okay and believing you keep doing okay. But any color will help.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, a couple of questions there. First of all, on the free cash flow, no, there is not one particular thing that swung that up. It’s a combination of several things. Good inventory management, continuation of low needs through, be funding a strong pension, good CapEx spending in line with our expectations. It’s really the combination of several things that are resulting in that 103% free cash flow conversion we saw this quarter. To your second question, the $1 billion raised on top and bottom of the range on growth share repurchases, that $1 billion would also apply to the net share repurchases range too.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Every quarter as you can imagine, there is puts and takes that cause the rate to fluctuate some up and down. We had some benefits of third quarter last year, not repeating. We also had some onetime expense this quarter actually related to your more long-term question, a onetime charge related to the establishment of our distribution center that we set up in the EMEA region. And so as you think about this long-term, we’ve guided to expecting a 27% tax rate by 2017 and we see ourselves on track to that.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Jeff. The tax rate is impacted by our mix of profits we earn around the world. Our current guidance of 28.5% to 29% takes into account that current mix we’re expecting for 2014. And on the extenders, we currently are still building that into our estimate for 2014. And if it doesn’t pass, that would likely put us at the high end of the range that I’ve talked about.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Nigel, that’s taking three things into account – us adopting the new mortality table, a roughly 50 basis point drop in our discount rate and the asset returns that we have experienced and are expecting to experience for 2014.
Nick Gangestad: Nigel, what we’re seeing on the movement there is function of our normal drive on productivity. It’s not really a change in our trajectory on our growth investments that we’re making. Those are continuing. We are on year-on-year seeing a pension benefit that’s impacting SG&A. And then to the later point I made, the portfolio management where we’ve been taking some restructuring actions, we’re starting to see some of the benefits that those manifest in our SG&A expenses.
