George Buckley: Well, obviously, Bob you see every two years, you see these kind of corrections that take place in inventory. The great news for us is we haven't lost any attachment as far as we can tell, which is unlike what happened to us before. So this is probably just started. I think it'll go through the system, the potential impact in the fourth quarter you see across in the end, you don't know where this market changes so rapidly but the net impact we think might be as much as $70 million in our fourth quarter earnings. But...
George Buckley: That's on profit, yes. So that's the sort of numeric number there, Bob. But I think what has really happened so well here is we've got very close to these customers, they like our innovation, it captures in the product and that is for us the most important thing and we'll live through these things. And as I said, we've had these things come and go before. This time, of course, you say it puts some pressure on earnings but it's not the kind of outs that it once would've been.
George Buckley: Well, at their current operating margins, Bob, they would be dilutive to 3M but when you bring them altogether, I mean, first of all we don't need to invest a lot of G&A in that area since it not always branded product and we think it's just this huge growth and leverage opportunities in that space, Bob. I mean, we were selling into that space and paying high prices than we'll get from Alpha Beta. So actually, I think it will be helpful for us in the long run. And obviously, this is not competitive positioning at the bottom of the marketplace, which has always been the place where we've got attacked by growing sort of low-cost competition. So this is strategically very important for us, not only to provide growth but to provide the kind of bulwark to our higher-margin, higher-performing tapes, higher fee at the market premium. So it's very important, I think, Bob.
George Buckley: We've long recognized that one of the big growth areas for the future is going to be kind of software and electronics. In fact, if you look at our strapline, Jeff, over the last few years, you see this kind of creeping in bit by bit. In fact, maybe not creeping anymore, it's galloping. And so we recognize that this is going to be more the future, a bigger piece of our portfolio in the future. If you look at some of these high-growth spaces, ultimately, they're about sort of tracking and decision-making, ultimately is connected to electronics and software. So I think you're right in that area. These are very high growth areas, and we have some sort of related businesses already, Jeff. You might remember we've got library equipment business that tracks library books. This is kind of in a way a lateral extension of that kind of -- instead of tracking a book, you're tracking a person or tracking an eldercare person. So the not that different as you might think if you think of it in that context. But I think ultimately, Jeff, while we will always have this heartland of material signs, I think we will see some movements into these kind of equipment-related businesses. But you're not going to see us getting into sort of a big, giant machines like some of our contemporaries have. This is going to be kind of small, carry with you type stuff on a much smaller scale in those sort of things, but well spotted.
George Buckley: Well, I think -- obviously, we've talked about some kind of correction in the Display and Graphics business, Steve. And I think we're still going to be carrying forward headwinds on H1N1 so they'll be the tougher comps. All of the businesses were growing very, very rapidly last year and so it's not going to be easy but the forecast from our businesses and our own triangulation suggests you looking at something like, I think an 8% or so growth rate. That's what the number looks like, Steve, that's what the arithmetic shows and so far the arithmetic has carried us forward. I think in the Health Care business, I think it's going to get a little bit easier. It's my guess, I think we've got some stuff, which looks like it's better in that area. So I think that probably will get a little bit better. I don't expect the Industrial businesses to do all that much different. I think we might see just mild betterment in SS&PS as H1 was -- the back end of the fourth quarter was easing a little bit. So I think it's a mixed bag, Steve but all in all, we're comfortable with the projections that we've made.
George Buckley: Yes, and what you'll see kind of where through -- we'll give you an assumption as what our share count will be next year when we meet. We just haven't solidified that answer yet.
George Buckley: I think, you can certainly start with your assumption, Terry, that we're going to have an anti-dilution strategy. And we've been trying to figure out finally what our position is going to be on more share buybacks. But I think you are right. We probably will continue at a similar pace on acquisitions next year. There's no reason to believe that it will be significantly off where we are today. Of course, you can't define that exactly at this stage of the game. But I think there is one school of thought here that says we might have done some of our share buybacks next year a little bit above what we've done in the last couple of years. So it's very much in the thinking, Terry, balanced approach. We'll have a higher CapEx number next year, perhaps 30%, maybe even 40% higher than we've had this year. So you open that sort of $1 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion. We've got a lot of demand in Asia, a lot of demand in some of these new market spaces in Abrasives and Renewables Energy area. So we're going to have sort of a balanced need, I think, but I do agree with you, probably it will be some room for a little bit more share buyback next year than perhaps we've crucially done in the last few years.
George Buckley: Well, first of all, Terry, it's something we have to do. And of course, our first focus will be on driving productivity or gaining class reduction programs. But to the degree that we do need to take out pricing, we will do that. Follow to earlier comment, on raw materials, I think, the steep head was -- it is a little more pocketed. So certain industries will probably have to take some price here. Realistically, you probably lag a little bit to data to surprise increases that we probably maybe should've done a little bit sooner. So we are currently contemplating some additional pricing.
George Buckley: Some of this is actually happening right now, Terry, so we're on it and I think you're right. I think we're also seeing some easing in some key commodities, not huge easing and not making that prediction, but so a little bit of easing, bolstered by some price that captured close.
George Buckley: No, I think, we like the pathway we're going down, Deanae, and you correctly interpreted pretty much all of what we're doing, driving the top line innovation that's why mentioned that 32% MPBI number. That's important. That will keep on filling the sort of the top of the hopper. Our improvement strategy, of which Alpha Beta is part of, helps us bulwark some of the leakage that might come. So that's an important part of the puzzle. You're right about our emphasis on emerging markets, completely correct and also, you'll see some of the acquisitions Deane, Attenti, Cogent in much higher growth spaces than traditionally have been the case with 3M. So we're playing all the sort of the strings on the fiddle and so far, the music is coming out okay. I'm sure here and there, things won't turn out exactly as we hope, but I think the last piece of the puzzle, Deane, not the necessarily and on any kind of negative note is we've got to start trying to put more of the magic on I think on our U.S. business, on our Western European businesses, but with the kind of capabilities that we have, I mean, when you think comparing us, left, right versus many of our competitors, you wonder how ultimately we are not going to win that battle. So I think it's now just a question of emphasizing those a little bit more and that might give us yet some more lift in due course. So I think you've already -- you've outlined the plan and the data right on. I don't think it's going to change a great deal, Deane.
George Buckley: Well, they're primarily border crossing, border-security type applications so they're all high-security military, embassies, those sort of things where you need high-security entry. So they're in the classic fingerprint areas and remembering that the only thing that a criminal leaves at a crime site is a fingerprint, it's still very important to local law enforcements, so that's still important. But you get up in the level of sophistication, iris scanning, palm scanning, those sort of things are kind of part and parcel of the secular move toward much more secured border crossing environment, with smarter passports, smarter, should we say biometric interrogation of people passing the border, so I think this is just a steady move up the technology space for us and into higher growth spaces, Deane.
George Buckley: Well, I think, Dave, obviously we want the same thing that you do. I think understandably, investors want to see a track record. They're, I'm sure, very pleased with how it's gone so far, but I think ultimately, I've kind of viewed another couple of quarters, maybe we'll get to the tipping point of people's opinion, but it's still a lot of work to be done before them. We've got to continue to work at this. Host the stuff that we know, we know how to do the innovation, we know how to do the customer engagement and so maybe we're not getting quite the full credit for it yet, but I think it's no time to be impatient. At least not for us, we keep on doing what we do well and I have every confidence that it'll come our way in due course, David. But thank you for the implied help there.
George Buckley: Well, you never really know. Depends on how sellthrough goes in the Christmas season is the answer to that question. But I'll try to address it. I think the vast majority of any image correction must be true. This is an industry with about six weeks inventory in the channel and their ability to flush you through is very rapid. So you kind of see these things that short and sharp. They drop fast, they come back fast. If history has anything to teach us, I think that you'll see the first quarter, once the correction has gone through, you'll see the first quarter accompanied by some more rapid growth or return to rapid growth. But also traditionally, it's usually associated with this is some extra pricing pressure, as the OEMs try to use that as means of just short of bulldozing their way through. They just basically -- they don't like volumes dropping and one of the games they play, one of the tools they use to push through. So I think that's the sort of environment that you'll see. And so I think that will ease as the first quarter goes through, maybe the second quarter. So that's kind of the pattern, short, sharp, fully fixed in the fourth quarter depending on sell through probably surface and some pricing pressure in the first half of the year and higher volumes. That's probably the way this thing is going to pan out.
George Buckley: Yes, Lucy, it depends on what period of time you're thinking off is a piece of that is raw materials. We think we're going through kind of the peak of that right now. That actually should kind of structure declined and we think a little bit. Another piece of this of course is the mix of the business that we have between Health Care and Safety kind of being down. The H1N1 piece will obviously will last us for another quarter. So that impact will still be there. But we do expect Health Care will perform better in the fourth quarter than they did in the third quarter. So maybe, on a little bit -- but I don't think the same degree of reduction, Lucy.
George Buckley: Well, I think you'll probably see some mix shifts as when there's any sense of market pressure, these manufacturers try fishing in different ponds to see where they can catch a big crunch of customers. So that's where I think the pricing mix will sort of pan out. We'll see and probably experiments in lower brightness, experiments maybe without films, experiments with fewer LEDs and a few things like that. But I think ultimately, I mean in the past, those things are not worthwhile to be completely honest with you and the customer's being unwilling really on a consistent basis, accept those. So I suspect that once the flushing has gone through the channel, it will return to more normalized basis. But I think it's -- there's been a fairly sizable gap between the standard CCFL TVs and the LED TVs. I suspect that gap, that will compress. And so they'll use that obviously to drive I think volume at the top of the performance pyramid. So a lot of kind of I suspect, turbulence even in the fourth quarter but certainly going over into the first quarter until they find a new mix of sales, brightness, sizes that seems to suit current market conditions. So some turbulence, probably putting pressures on price but volume coming back would be my prediction.
George Buckley: Stephen, we haven't completely quarterized next year, okay? But nothing that comes necessarily to my mind. You look at -- there still was a little bit of H1N1 rollover into the first half of this year. So Safety has a little bit probably a tougher comp early in the year versus late in the year. Other than that, I don't see, I think, that is kind of materially different on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Patrick Campbell: Bob, I'll just going to add just to kind of build on George comment. You have either the divisional level, which is our largest division is Adhesives and Tapes. As George mentioned, our objective there is we'll pull this in into some of the cost savings we have through in sourcing and the like that the margins in that business should hold where there truly out at the divisional level.
Patrick Campbell: Yes. First of all, Scott, a 20% of margin in Industrial business is a damn good margin. We're obviously investing in that business. We're investing in new technology, putting the new investment in a lot of the emerging markets and so forth. Reality is the margin in that business will be probably the 21%, 22% range over time. It's a little bit lower this quarter, but nothing to be alarmed with. It's something that we've been kind of expecting through the time based on the investments that we're making. So no alarm from our side at all as to where the margins in that business are.
Patrick Campbell: Yes. It'd be fair to say and I think if we go back a couple of calls that in my comments really for the year to date is that we are running ahead of where we thought we would be for the year. So we had a number of investments lined up that, if conditions awarded effectively, we would pull into 2010 here. So that's kind of just one example of an area that has occurred.
Patrick Campbell: Yes. I guess all I'm saying right now, because we still have some more work to do between now and December is we have a couple of points of acquisition-related growth in that 11% number for next year. A piece of that is the deals investment now so there's a small provision for stuff that obviously is currently in the system.
Patrick Campbell: Steve, I'd come off of our GAAP numbers when we present our plan, we'll come off of our GAAP numbers.
Patrick Campbell: Well, first of all, it's more of the U.S. than it is international at this point in time. It's probably more in our industrial-related business at this point in time. But just cutting across most of the businesses but industrial probably has the large piece of it.
Patrick Campbell: And Steve, and remember that if you back into the number that's 8% to 9% range, which of course, if you look at on a year-over-year basis and you look at one of our performance was last year which you're doing, which we had I think of 4% growth last year in the fourth quarter, it is really an improvement in performance. But when you look at kind of where our long-term growth rate wants to be, needs to be, that's consistent with our plan. Electro and Communications continues to run very, very strongly and they'll have a continued very strong fourth quarter here. There's no reason in -- Industrial continued at a double-digit growth here in the fourth quarter. And surprisingly, even Optical being down, it'll still be up on a year-over-year basis. It just won't be as good as it has been in the previous couple of quarters. So all in all, it's a very solid performance across the board.
Patrick Campbell: First of all, acquisitions will be -- when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, the changing guidance that we've had in 2010 here, acquisitions will actually be a little bit accretive for us on getting a year-over-year basis, slightly. Tax rate at this point in time, our planning standpoint, our structural rate is more around 30% right now. So that's what we'll probably put in our plan for next year. Our long-term goal is 28.5% and keep driving that down. We are able to pull some things off this year that were more kind of one time in nature and obviously, the tax seems still has an assignment for next year to keep finding those things, but it's probably prudent at this point in time to probably plan around a 30% rate.
Patrick Campbell: Yes. We still expect flat panel TVs will still be a strong double digit. LED I think was you're kind of -- you've got a specific question on LED, the industry probably will run 20%, 25% this year. That number should be about to 2x probably in 2011 if we're probably approaching 50%. So obviously, that's a favorable mix shift for us.
Patrick Campbell: Let's say it kind of continues investments so it's not necessarily lumpy once we have as a good and the base will keep going. It's a little bit -- it adds up somewhat seasonal related, especially in the Consumer business. But our tracking is -- we have a very good tracking mechanism as to what we invest versus are we getting the sales back and it's driven by business but it's a long-term -- it's investment for us, both in the developed part of the world if you at all are a TV watcher, you've seen far more TV ads as well as online ads here in the U.S. But importantly, we're also investing a fair amount in the emerging markets. Now is the time to be investing in our brands in emerging markets and in some cases, that will not pay back immediately. Some of this is a longer-term payback and some of those emerging markets.
Patrick Campbell: Steve, I think H1N1 was in the neighborhood of $40 million to $50 million in the first quarter of 2010.
