Inge Thulin: Thank you, Matt, and good morning everyone. As always, I appreciate you joining us for today. I’m pleased to report that Q3 was a strong quarter for 3M. We posted an all-time record for quarterly sales and every business grew sales organically. All five business groups posted margins above 20% while we continued to advance our strategic priorities and investments. Let's take a look at the few third quarter highlights. Sales rose 5.6% to a record of $7.9 billion. Organic local currency growth was 5.8% in the quarter, led by safety and graphics at 8%, Health Care at 7% and Industrial at 6%. Our consumer business grew 4% organically as did electronics and energy. This quarter’s organic growth of 5.8% was a significant improvement versus the 2% growth in the first half of 2013. Industrial, safety and graphics, as well as electronics and energy showed the most improvements. On geographic basis, developed economies such as United States, West Europe and Japan also showed substantial improvements. On a year-to-year basis, we posted positive organic growth in all geographical regions. Latin America, Canada led a way with double-digit organic growth of 11%, Asia-Pacific rose 7%, the United States were up 5% and Europe, Middle East, Africa increased 4%. As expected currency was the headwind to sales, reducing worldwide sales by 1.7% and acquisitions added 1.5 points to third quarter growth. So all-in-all, a very strong quarter with organic local currency growth of 4% across all developed markets and 10% in developing markets. Operating margins were again strong at 22% or 22.4% excluding the first year impact of acquisitions. All five business groups delivered margins above 20% while also growing their top lines through a continued broad based effectiveness and efficiency. Earnings were $1.78 per share up nearly 8% versus third quarter 2012. Finally, we’ve returned $2 billion to shareholders in the quarter through dividends and share repurchases or $4.8 billion through nine months of the year. In summary, it was an excellent quarter for 3M on many fronts and our business is continued to grow very profitably. I thank the 3M team for their outstanding effort to deliver these very good results. Let me now review the outlook, please turn to Slide number 5. With one quarter remaining in the year and the business performing to all the expectations, we are narrowing our full-year guidance to $6.65 to $6.75, this is a previous range of $6.60 to $6.85 per share. On organic local currency growth, we’re also narrowing the full-year 2013 range to 3% to 4% versus a pervious expectation of 2% to 5%. We continue to expect that currency impact would reduce sales for the year by approximately 2%, and we look for acquisitions to add about 1.5% to sales for the year. As for the 2013 tax rate, we now anticipate the range of 28.0% to 28.5%, and free cash flow conversion is expected to be approximately 90%. Now Dave will be taking you through the details of the quarter, David.
Inge Thulin: Thank you, David. Before we take your questions, I want to highlight our progress on three important strategic levers, portfolio management, investment in innovation and business transformation. First portfolio management, we continue to strengthen and prioritize our portfolio. The Electronics and Energy business is a good example of where we are making progress. In the third quarter we consolidated the Infrastructure Protection Division in to the Electrical Markets Division. Given this business a lower cost structure, improved market relevance and greater in financial reach. Also, earlier this year, we integrated touch systems into the Electronics Solutions Division to align these businesses to better serve our customers. There is more portfolio work to be done here and we've continued to look at other structural opportunities. One of the primary reasons performing the electronic and energy business was to present a single 3M voice to the electronics industry. Now we are easier to work with and more relevant to launch fast moving electronics customers. And I’m happy to report that we are receiving very positive reaction from customers on all these changes. Second level; investment in innovation. Innovation remains the center of our plan and as I hope you remember last quarter we shared some details about how we are investing in long term disruptive technologies with significant growth potential. We are now finding 20 new product platforms several of which are expected to be introduced to the market in 2014. We are also investing in a new state-of-the-art laboratory facility at our headquarters in St. Paul Minnesota, which I announced last year. We broke ground in August and construction is well underway. This new laboratory will be an important part for 3M's global research network. Finally the third level, we continue to make good progress with respect to business transformation and ERP implementation. We successfully went live in Taiwan, Russia, Indonesia and Philippines and in October we went live in Canada. Next up is our European Middle-East Africa supply chain center of excellence in Switzerland in November. Twenty more countries are scheduled for 2014. We expect to achieve benefits in many areas including supply chain, working capital management, customer responsiveness, improved business planning and faster decision making. In closing, we deliver strong third quarter with good broad based performance across all business. We remain focused on expanding our business driving productivity and executing a plan with strong discipline. I thank you for your attention and we will now take your questions and comments.
Inge Thulin: Yeah and first of all on the growth side I’m pleased we are pleased with acceleration we saw through 5.8% in this quarter versus 2% in the first half of the year. And we need and I need to give some credit here to 3M team for doing a very good job in order to work very hard to take market share and had a specific programs in all business relative to competitive conversion. So I think that’s an important element as we see the growth come here. And yes to describe the growth, in a way, to think about it, we have had steady growth in Health Care and Consumer now for several quarters in a row. They are very savvy, it's working very well. And this quarter you saw electronics and energy turn up and as I mentioned that in my comments and David comment on us as well. And then as we saw growth rate in industrial oriented business is turning up in Q3 versus first half and that was board based so it was very interesting to see it was industrial tape and adhesives, it was abrasives, was automotive OEM and it was in personal care. So it was broad base and we saw it very much also in developed economy, which was very good for us. So as you know in terms of moving forward, our plan is not margin expansion by definition. So we are committed to the plan we laid out. I think as you think about the balance of the portfolio with more growth in our biggest business, which is industrial that had a slightly tough comparison also versus last year. They had a very good Q3 last year and had a peak performance in Q2 of last year. I think you have to look upon at one industry also grew as they did in developed economy. I think you will see this type of shift in the mix. But I think as you move ahead, we are committed to our plan and overall, I am very pleased that now able to see topline growth and maintain margins. So if you think about we are delivering 22% bottom-line here, 22.4% excluding first year impact of acquisition. That’s a very strong quarter and I’m pleased with that.
Inge Thulin: Yes. Well, thank you, Ajay, for the question. When we look at upon it, I assume you are also talking a little bit of channel inventory and so forth. First of all, overall, channel inventory levels appear to be balanced across businesses and geographical areas, but what we have to be -- we have to be watchful relative to the consumer electronic markets, particularly in the mobile and handheld small, small, in segments. So I think that we had a good lift for that business based on specking on platforms and building for the holiday seasons. So I think you saw little bit of inventory build in order to be prepared for that. Now all external facts that we see, you’re saying that the holiday season for that segment will basically be flat, so that’s one of the reason why we are very cautious as we go into their last quarter. Now we had a very good -- so you are right, we've had a very good optic here, specifically in the industrial based businesses and you have to assume that there is a slight improvement in the segments, but to be honest we don’t see any differences versus any of our competitors. So what is happening here you know the execution from our team relative to competitive conversions is working very well. So overall I would say that the channel inventory levels are appear to be balanced only for us to be watchful which is based on external data relative to the consumer electronic market.
Inge Thulin: Typically, inventory and receivables are impacted as you are ramping up towards higher level of demand count.
Inge Thulin: Scott, I think, when we talked about strategic investment theory in this section, it was about investment in disruptive technologies that we talked about earlier. It’s about ERP investment and then some restructuring on some of the couple of places around the world. And if you think about our model, 3M model is, we are basically working on this the whole time. I think one of the things here that we have stepped up is around disruptive technologies, where we announced in November last year. On November 8, we announced that we are type of-- in the plan moving from 5.5% closer to 6%. So that was a step up and the ERPs of course, also something that we are investing in, that will very much improve our efficiency and effectiveness and productivity as a company. Restructuring is pieces that we do ask where we go, all right. We type of look into that and we financed that in quarter-by-quarter, as you very well know as part of the business model. In terms of acceleration of growth and you talked about feet on the street in terms of commercialization. We have, as I took off, it’s now almost 24 months ago. We made a big effort in terms of marketing excellence and sales excellence and I pointed individuals in order to lead that initiative type of more centralized in order to help with tools and so forth that execute locally. As we go, we make investment. You saw here when David talked in terms of investment, both in research and development and SG&A. We do that but in a careful way. We also have to look upon different models in terms of commercialization as we move ahead. We have to adapt and make sure we do it in the right way. But you have to look upon at every business group by definition or working towards their objectives in terms of margin expansion and growth. And that is where they ask for additional investment that is in addition to the three, David and I talked about this morning, then I would say layout is type of normal business procedure as you grow your business. But we feel good now. We start to see the growth. We have made investment as you know in Healthcare specifically, we build out our capabilities in international sometime ago and we continue to see that delivering which is very good for us. We take market share, we improve our penetration and we have good margins in that business, the same with consumers. So we look upon it and balance it altogether, those two businesses, consumer, Healthcare steady continue to move forward. And then, we had three out of business groups really ticking up this quarter including Safety and Graphic, as we saw had a very good quarter for us.
Inge Thulin: Yeah. So, I would say Andrew, certainly, we think as we look at a quarter-by-quarter and year-by-year, we think is very reasonable from a planning perspective to expect to deliver our 9% to 11% EPS growth on the kind of growth that we are laying out here and at the end of the day and one particular quarter or another you’ll have more or less impact of whatever it is, the medical device tax, the ERP spending on restructuring acquisitions, so I don’t view this as something that causes me to think that we don’t have the ability to deliver on our plan quite honestly.
Inge Thulin: Yeah, well I think from a business group prospective, you’ve -- you will see it mostly in the industrial space, but you will also see it in some businesses in healthcare, in the orthodontic piece. We say now that these nine that have -- that are ready to commercialize, if you recall my -- on our call last time, I talked about 13 division to 15 division that are looking into it and they are continuing to looking and it’s actually expanding. So the answer for your question more to come; yes, more to come, in terms of the nine that we quote you yesterday, they will roll out different type of activities during 2014. So when we look upon that acquisition in total, we are very pleased crystal wall, the integration is fully complete and also we are pleased to report that fully integrated to 3M. And as you’ve seen now, we have taken couple of sizable orders we had -- we announced last quarter, an order around $40 million. And as David talked we got another one this quarter of $80 million that we’ll start to be delivered next year. We will not deliver that this year. So we have -- we've got to order. We are now qualifying it and it will be roll out next year. So I think -- on the bottom line, as David said, we are meeting and exceeding our blue book in bottom line. So in terms of both get some thing in front end around $400 million and then you have technology in the back office that we can leverage a fantastic thing for us.
Inge Thulin: Well, first of all on the electronics and energy, we -- the electronics piece grew 4% for us and the energy piece grew 3%. And in the energy segment, it’s through the ACCR that David talked about. That’s clearly we are taking market shares. So we are now taking quite a number of orders and very much back in West Europe which is encouraging for us. As you probably recall, when we talked to earlier, that said relatively long -- I will say not relatively long. It’s a long sales cycle for that product. And that’s now start to be qualified specked in et cetera. So we see orders coming in many countries, West Europe specifically as they were interacting. So I think in that piece you can clearly say that we are taking market share in the energy piece of the segment. On electronics, I will say for us as you know, we will be expecting on platforms and we are -- and that’s one of the optic we see and then I will say generally speaking in that segment, we have a strong position. We have always had a strong position and what is working well for us is that we are both able to provide technologies that will enhance those product for all the customers and able to drive down cost as fast as possible. In terms of real market share data there, I think that will be more result of how the sales through will come in the end of the day because as I said we are -- take it very easy now as we’re going to Q4 and make sure that we had sales through in the channels. On safety and graphics, orders, what was your question there relative to…
Inge Thulin: No first of all that is relatively small business for us. We started at couple of years ago. The base for that business was actually Japan from the beginning. Japan have done very well building out that business. And we took the Japanese model and adjusted that and try to build out first and foremost in United States and also in some selected places in West Europe with Italy be in the center of it relative to design. So I will say that when I look at -- when I look upon that, it’s not losing market share. I think it’s temporarily shift in the market place and so forth. I don’t -- and it’s not considered on yelling [ph] and speaking that business for us in terms of we're losing market share.
Inge Thulin: Yeah it’s a project based business. You would see a little bit of that going in and out of quarters, but we are doing very well there with some of our film stuff is coming out from our film technology laboratories. And we are doing very well in lighting generally speaking. Look at on it more as project based, can go up and down a little bit the business is relatively small for us.
Inge Thulin: Yeah I can. I will not talk about all 20, but I can talk, yes, to give you a flavor of what we are doing there. So you have to go back to the background. This is based on that we step up the investment and research and development from historically 5.2% to 5.5% closer to 6% and that those money should go into the, what we call, classified and more disruptive technologies. And I say couple of the product, then I would type of just talk about them that is maybe closer for us because there is a couple of them that are in the first stage, very close to the first stage development of completion and that will be rolled out in 2014, maybe in the middle of the year to later in the year, but we are type of encouraged around them and there's a couple of them. Various teams for building constructions is one that is based on something where we believe we should be able to capitalize on some growth relatively fast. There is a protective film for electronics and appliances which is very encouraging that can be used for OEMs, that oriental appliances and electronics. There is a light management constructions that are both into residential and commercial and that’s very -- so all of -- if you think about those, all coming out from our film technology platforms, that smart grid sensor cables that we believe will be something we should be able to commercialize fast and effectively and west Europe is the target for that specifically. And then we have the [indiscernible] enhancement film that is just on the way to be rolled out. So if we look upon, as you can see its much here around our base in technologies, from platform perspective. It's going in to businesses step off everything from electronic and energy to the safety in graphics and industrial business. So you will hear more about them as we go, but this all to be real and at least for me and for us to see, as so it's always type of platforms that start to come to life and that we believe that we should be able to roll out during 2014 is very encouraging. So we are very pleased the way the organization took this initiative to heart, moved it forward and we are focused a lot and make sure we give the bigger program and more resources and more resources and some of them that was good initiatives and maybe dreams that we always should have and we maybe reprioritize them.
Inge Thulin: Yeah. Well, first of all -- it's clear for me that we start to see more productivity out of the laboratories and I’m pleased to see that to get both investment in R&D and productivity on the same short is fantastic when you do that at 3M and we start to see that then we are just ending up our strategic planning cycles here and I can tell you when I looked upon every business group, when I looked upon international and I look on the total company line outs and investments and productivity target for research and development, I was very pleased, right, so I had more effort on that, so the answer for your first question is, yes. Is 6% right as we go? I’m not changing that at this point in time. I think it's important, re-stating the cost, relative to make investment, relative to research and development because I believe and we believe and its DNA of the [indiscernible] that is the heartbeat of 3M, that is where we really make a difference as we move ahead, but again we are very focused on making sure we get productivity out from every program that we put in place, but we are not changing the target for the plan, productivity is improving and so overall we feel good about it.
Inge Thulin: Well, thank you very much for joining us today. Thanks for your time. Appreciate your questions very much -- very much appreciate your interest in 3M and we look forward to speaking to you soon. Thank you.
David Meline: Yeah. If I could start, this is David Meline. I would say what you have asked is very much, our thinking is aligned to what we’ve talked about last year in November, which is, we laid out a plan where we had 4% to 6% annual organic growth one and half times IPI. We think that that is certainly something that is reasonable for us to continue to expect to achieve. You look at that we said 9% to 11% EPS growth, which is a combination of both topline organic growth, as well as the earnings growth that we would expect to get from other activities of the business that would include acquired businesses, which we continue to believe our relevant to our model that includes the impacts of also the non-operating items such as the continuing reduction on share count. We expect pensions to certainly contribute to our earnings going forward in the future years and we’ll continue to balance. We will look at where the best opportunities are and to the point on this quarter, we think certainly at the present time where we can create the most value right now is to continue to invest towards the long-term health and growth in the business. So as you point out we are quite significantly investing in places like R&D innovation towards more disruptive technologies, improving our systems, which is a very important initiative for the company and taking the opportunity to also as we see areas where we need to maybe rebalance and restructure somewhat, which is part of the normal course of our business we invest to improve our competitiveness there as well.
David Meline: Yeah. In terms of pricing, I would say, certainly, if you look at the performance in Q3, we are pretty pleased. We saw price performance was good pretty broadly across the portfolio with perhaps the exception in the electronics business where you of course have structural price declines. What I would say in terms what we see, of course, geographically, we do have you know more significant price actions are going on in locations where you either got weakening currency and/or inflationary pressures as the result. So if you think about Latin America, again we saw significant price movements, we’ve also been working in Japan where they’ve had obviously a significant devaluation of their currency, as well, and then of course right now our comps are a little bit easier in the second half on the pricing basis versus the second half of last year. So at the end of the day, the issue for us is to continue to offer good refreshed products which will give us strength in the market to be able to command price that reflects the value we’re offering to the market and as we do that, that tends to provide also a very nice halo effect for the entire portfolio.
David Meline: Sure Steve. Yeah, so if you look at cash flow certainly year-to-date we're running about the same level as we did last year, which is I guess 76% year-to-date versus 75% last year. Obviously, it bounces around some quarter-by-quarter and typically for example in Q4, we would expect better conversion, which is why we're expecting 90% for the year and you know what I would say is very much the 90% would be reflective of the fact that we are investing in the business and at some level as you get an inflection in demand as we’re seeing that tends to put some pressure on the working capitals like them. So nothing unusual, but just the reflection of seasonality really.
David Meline: We would expect at $4.5 billion to $5 billion that our net would around $3 billion to $3.5 billion for the year.
David Meline: Previous would have about $1.5 billion less than the gross, so that would have been about $2 billion to $3 billion.
David Meline: The increase that I’m talking about today would largely be reflected also in the net. So the gross increase -- pardon me.
David Meline: Sure Deane. So just to frame the performance in industrial, first of all, we were quite pleased with the way the growth inflected up for us to 6% in the quarter. And if you look at that first of all, it was a combination, it was both developing markets which grew 7% and we saw a quite strong improvement in our developed markets were we grew 6% in the industrial, so point number one. Point number two is, if you look at last year we were under 23% margin, so it was a certainly an exceptionable quarter while comparing to last year. If you look at our core operating margin in the quarter, we were a little over 22% excluding Ceradyne and the other impacts that brought us from that 22% down to the reported 21% were – basically the same ones we talked about elsewhere. So the impact on industrials margins of the disruptive R&D technology investments results gets spread through the businesses. The impact on the business of the ERP investment, which is about 30 basis points, FX impacted them negatively and then one thing we haven’t talked about today, but it’s impacting across the enterprise this quarter is, we’ve ramped up now. We’re in the process of putting in place -- Well, Inge mentioned that our European -- our new European supply chain activity and so that’s having some impact on us here in the third quarter as we ramp that up and get ready to go ahead and go live.
David Meline: Well, you can say it’s actually handed $20 million because we have $40 million last quarter, $80 million this quarter. So that’s under $20 million. So -- and that is one of the -- one of their segments for that business. So I cannot comment on orders that we are negotiating that is not finalized but we are very encouraged with what we see.
David Meline: Sure. So if you look at over a long period of time, acquisitions we are certainly topline contribution. We are not seeing a significant at the moment bottom line this year. Pension we had a contribution this year, we had about a hundred million dollars, so that’s contributing. Tax I think is pretty much carry over year-over-year and that’s a contributor if you recall in our five year bridge. We've got a couple of points in the tax. So that would be something that’s not present in current calendar year and then the last one would be we’re -- frankly we are investing quite heavily in the front end for example with this R&D innovation initiative which should contribute in the future. So it’s kind of pay now in terms of long term investment with future results, same as true with the ERP system.
David Meline: Sure. So if you look at ’14, obviously will come out with that here in December, but if a kind of frame, I was thinking about ‘14. I would start which is, we are certainly a more constructive on the overall macro economy. We think we will see some improvement in both industrial production and GDP. Although we think the improvements are going to be slow but directionally we are encouraged. We will continue to invest in ‘14, so the investment, if you look at we talked about going to 6% on R&D. We are on that path and incrementally we’ll invest more next year in R&D. Same with the ERP that will be likely our peak year of investment in our -- in the ERP system and so that will be the part of the plan next year. We do expect in terms of the things that are in view -- we do expect pensions now to be certainly a $100 million or more of expense benefit next year. And then finally, based on what we’ve been doing with reducing the share counts through the year, you can expect that will be additive to EPS again next year as well. So I would say we feel quite good about the momentum that we have right now going into 2014 and will be able to share more detail here in December.
David Meline: Yes. Well, if you look upon the 3% to 4% for the year, that implies roughly 2% to 6% in the last quarter which is aligned what we have done for the year. So I think the way we look upon it, we are very focus now to make sure we end the year strong here. And I think the business that we are -- cautious as you call out yourself is and what I have talked about is that electronic and energy as we move ahead. But talking about that business, you think about it, generally speaking, you think about the margins for that. We have gone now through the capital quarters. We went 53 in Q1 to 77 in Q2 and 20.7 in Q3. So constant improvement on the margins. And we have said from the beginning of the year that we will deliver high teens for the year for that business and that’s what we believe we will do. So I think the Q4 will be a little bit more of a challenge for that business but very pleased with the progress both in terms of growth and the way they have been driving productivity in the underlying operation and taking the portfolio management to half and really improving that business.
David Meline: Yeah it’s a combination, Steve. So one that the booking of orders tends not to be -- there are some lumpiness in terms of those project. So we had a pop-up in Q2, which was a little bit less in Q3 now. And then secondly there has been quite some integration activity which is impacted expenses here in the quarter, so that also was part of what contributed that.
David Meline: We don’t see -- I don’t foresee a significant step-up in depreciation if you measure it as a percent of revenue. So we expect to be pretty steady in terms of CapEx percent of revenue, if you look and assume the profile of the CapEx is not dissimilar to the past that would imply that depreciation would drag with revenue growth. So I don’t have that pegged as a headwind in the business. And if any of anything, we’re expecting with the completion of both the globalization of our capacity. And secondly, as we get in place this year pre-system and get better visibility on data we think will have a chance to run -- run our supply change more efficiently.
