Inge G. Thulin: Thank you, Nick. As I look across our enterprise, each of our businesses is facing slightly different market realities, yet all of them are executing very well. Six months into the year, four of our five business groups are growing in line with our expectations entering the year. And for reasons we have stated, Electronics & Energy is growing below those expectations. As a result, today we're updating our planning estimates for 2016. Organic growth is now estimated to be 0% to 1% against previous guidance of 1% to 3%. With respect to earnings per share, we are raising the low end of our guidance from $8.10 to $8.15 and adjusting the high end from $8.45 to $8.30, resulting in an expected increase of 8% to 10% year on year. We anticipate foreign currency to reduce 2016 sales by 1% to 2% versus the prior estimate reduction of 1% to 3%. And our full year tax rate is now expected to be 29% to 29.5% versus the previous range of 29.5% to 30.5%. Finally, there is no change to our free cash flow conversion range, which remains 95% to 105%. With that, I thank you for your attention. And we will now take your questions.
Inge G. Thulin: Well, we are focusing on that the whole time, as you know. And answer to it, yes, of course, we have to do it if that is what will be demanded. Now, we are very early, as you know, into that five-year plan. Basically two quarters. But I think we have to look upon it as we roll out if there's something that needs to be done in specific segments or pockets. And if you look upon it today, four of our five business groups are, at this point in time, just in line with the expectation we had for this year. The one that have a challenge based on end markets is Electronics & Energy. And we have done a lot in that business group the last couple of years. So it's like – it's not a surprise for us that there are changes in that market. We have addressed it the whole time. And we will do that everywhere as we go ahead. But when I look upon it in terms of how solid the four business groups are executing the plan at this point in time, I hope that we don't need to take drastic action in those businesses.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah, I think, first of all, in total China, in our portfolio there based on how that has been built over the years based on the China market, which was, I would say, very much related initially to export for them, we have a bigger portion there which is Electronics and Industrial. And for reasons that we know relative to that market have been slower, maybe the last two years now when we start to look upon it, nothing's changed there by definition this quarter more than more pressure in Electronics. Consumer and Health Care is doing very well for us. So when you look into that, Consumer had 9% growth, and Health Care, 11% growth. So if you look upon that, it's like 9% to 11% growth in domestic businesses. That's very good. Also when you look upon Industrial, Industrial improved a little bit. But to be honest, I'm not happy with the growth rate we see for Industrial in China. So we need to see more from Industrial, and I think it's coming as we move ahead. China for us, and I talk for 3M now, we have been very, very precisely driving our productivity improvement there for the last, I would say, for six quarters we have focused a lot on productivity improvements. So underlining results in China is good for us. We need to get more growth as that market turns around. The encouraging thing is that domestic businesses is going very, very well for us at this point in time.
Inge G. Thulin: Well, I don't know about the quarter specifically. But in my view, we will see, based on comp as well, we will see China do slightly better as we move ahead. But think about China for the year flat as we end up the year.
Inge G. Thulin: Well, this is Inge. So, first of all, UK for us is less than 3% as an enterprise in terms of revenue. And we had a very good result this quarter in West Europe, as you saw, with 3% organic local currency growth with all business groups growing, which is very, very nice to see, to be honest. So we had Industrial at 3%, we had SGBG 2%, we had Health Care, 5%, we had EEBG 5%, and we had Consumer 2%. If you think about Europe and put that in perspective with what we have to do, there's no reason for us to change strategy around Europe. Our strategy has always been to have localization in terms of execution based on languages. And, number two, build up a very strong backbone relative to resources what we now do with ERP. And we have worked for long time in order to reduce the layers in organization and management groups. And we have regionalized Europe over three years ago. So we don't have subsidiaries in every country any longer. We work on regions. So we have reduced the cost very much in terms of administration, helping the businesses with execution centrally and then execute locally with the teams in every country. There is no reason for us to change the strategy in Europe based on the outcome of the Brexit. No reason for us to do that. The other thing that is very nice for us to see is the margin expansion that is coming for us in West Europe as well. And as I said before, when some of you have asked around which business group can add more margin expansion to you as we move forward, the answer has always been all of them, because all of them are part of West Europe. And West Europe's margins are now starting to increase in a nice way. So we're very pleased with the performance there. There is issues in Europe. But you know what? There's issues everywhere around the world. And you have just to stay the course and adjust if you need. But the Brexit short-term for us doesn't mean anything, to be honest, based on our operation. And I don't see a reason at this point in time to change the laid-out plan we have for Europe.
Inge G. Thulin: Well, yes, I do. And part of that is, of course, how we will be compared to last year. But we see us performing better in the second half of the year in Industrial versus we have done in the first part of the year. We had a challenge this quarter specifically in United States for Industrial, and that will come back as we move forward into Q3 and Q4. When you look upon the guidance in total, we see Health Care and Consumer continue to perform very well. The same with Safety & Graphics, which I've talked about earlier, is the business that will be the next breakout business. And I think we saw it this quarter that it's now coming full speed. And then Electronics & Energy, as we have talked about, will be, as Nick said and I said as well, we will see decline for the year in that business to high single digits. And then Industrial, I think due to the comparison, will do slightly better for us.
Inge G. Thulin: But we have put the guidance now 0% to 1% for the company. It's very much related to Electric & Energy (sic) [Electronics & Energy] (41:12).
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah, well, first of all, we have done a lot in that business relative to the portfolio. And it's an ongoing process. And I think that is now what we see the benefit on. When we started that process quite some years back when we start really to look upon what we call underperforming businesses, which is the standard is very high, as you know, inside of 3M when you're running at those type of margins. I think the guys have done a fantastic job relative to sort out low margin businesses that were inside of certain division in that group. And we also, as you know, we divested some businesses, which was a converter business in France relative to license plates that was not strategically important. And, by the way, we are not a converter in that industry. So I think that when you start to add things together with building out the strength in position with addition of Capital Safety to our Personal Safety business and then you look upon the whole Graphics side and the Transportation side in terms of the work they have done in order to work on the mix, that is the outcome of the result. We expect this business to continue to grow and accelerate growth, in fact. And we should be able to run the margins around this area at this point in time as we move forward. And, please – our leader there, Frank Little, he had told me that he's very confident that he can do that.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah, to start with your last question, the answer is yes. And the Electronic business is a good business for us to be in. We're a material science company and the strengths of our capabilities in that market is very, very strong. So from a strategic perspective, there is no question mark for me. And when you look upon the four fundamentals that we have in the company in terms of technology, manufacturing capabilities and geographical reach plus brand equity, it's very, very good for us. And as we all know, in terms of Electronics, it's growing generally speaking. And we are all touched by it every day in what we do. So that is what 3M should be. So the answer to that question is, yes, it is a place for us to be. And as you have seen, we have adjusted our structure the whole time as that market is a little bit volatile. But as you know, volatility also has an upside and we will be there to capitalize on that when it comes. I don't think we will see anything this year in terms of change. So I think we have to wait until some time in 2017 before we will see growth, specifically in consumer electronic taking place. Now, there is something called automotive electronics that is accelerating more and more. We make specific investment there in order to capture that as we move ahead. So I will say that it's a volatile market as we speak. The team is doing an outstanding job. And you saw again here, we had 80 basis points in terms of restructuring for the quarter. You take that out, they were running over 20% again in the quarter. So despite pressure on volume, the structure is done now to be able to deliver around 20% of operating income for the company. For me, that's good. So I compliment their team for what they are doing in terms of efficiency in a tougher situation. And they're all preparing for when the upturn is coming. And I would like it to come soon, but I don't think we can see it 2016. But 2017 will soon be here anyhow.
Inge G. Thulin: Well, this is Inge. We had made a commitment many years back to accelerate the investment in Health Care. And that is what is paying off. And when I look across every geographical area in every sense we are growing – when I look up on the sheet that I have in front of me for Health Care, we are growing every place around the world except for in Brazil. And it's very remarkable in a way that the way we're able to take market share and grow in most of the segments. And, again, food safety led the growth with 12% in the quarter and it's broad based. And the same is going for the oral care business, it's growing very well. So there's a broad base for us in terms of growth. And we are, as you'll recall, we decided to not only keep Health Information Systems, but also accelerate investment into that business. So it's a very high priority for us. And we are making investment in most, if not all, of the divisions there as we move ahead.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah, first of all, the integration is going very well and we have, as you know, first of all, it's relative to the purification business where we tried it integrate that as fast as we can. And I think first things first, make sure we integrate it into 3M, make sure we can capitalize on what we can do together with purification business and then build it out as we go. I will not give you an exact number relative to how many businesses because I think it's more relative to platforms where you can use it. And I think about specifically going into Health Care and all that area where I think is big opportunity. So you think about that, you should be able to use it in Industrial applications, but you should also be able to use it in application that is specifically into Health Care. In terms of the growth rate, we grew that 5% in this quarter and we think it's like 8% plus for the year. And I think you will see the benefits in terms of all the synergy that we can drive. So I cannot give you exactly a number on divisions. But think about it as bigger platforms, both in Industrial and in Health Care specifically.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah, well, first of all, automotive again did very well for us. And we had 7% growth versus auto car builds of 3%. So again, we outperformed. And when I look upon it on a geographical base, we were strong everywhere. We were strong everywhere around the world. I think maybe a little bit versus comparison earlier, maybe down a little bit in Mexico versus what we have seen before. But more than that, we saw good growth everywhere, including Germany. Generally speaking, we had a very good quarter in Germany, and that's very encouraging. We grew 5% in Germany in the quarter as a total enterprise, and automotive was part of that as well. So to answer your question, 7% up for automotive OEM versus car builds of 3%.
Inge G. Thulin: I expect that to hold as we move ahead. The advantage for us is that we can expand the application on the car. So we don't sell four tires. There's only four tires on a car and then maybe one spare tire. So if that's your model, you have a limitation. Our limitation is not there. So we can expand applications on the car. So I will say the penetration level that that group is driving for us is very impressive in the way I look upon it. And I expect good results from them as we move ahead.
Inge G. Thulin: I think the team up there, yes, executed very well on the plan. And other thing that I think is important in that business for us up there, we have been there for long time. We have very good relation into the marketplace and our service level is very good. And one thing, Business Transformation starts and ends with the customer. Starts and end with the customer. Canada was one of the first places we have implemented that program, which is now more than two years ago. And it's working well for us in Canada. And when you can provide in the marketplace product that is adding value and provide good service that is based on the demand from the customer going into all your ERP system, result is coming. So there's a couple of things. Good growth, margin expansion. And I just think that team should be complimented for the way they operate today and the way they took on the ERP system as one of the first places for us on a global base to execute that and actually helped us a lot in terms of the rollout that you see now in Europe. So, yeah, it's a very, very nice result. Is it surprise? No, it's not. It is not. It is based on very good relation with customers, total dedication through what we call Customer First and then the ERP system help the customer and us in order to lay out the demand plans and then for us is to deliver on it.
Inge G. Thulin: I think it's an imperative for you in order to be successful. It's not either/or. It's based on 3M's model where research and development is the heartbeat of the company and where we add value on very attractive price point and value point for our customers. That is helping them improve productivity and/or adding value to their end products. So for me, it's an imperative in order for you to be able to run a business like we are doing with very good return to our shareholders. It's becoming more and more important in my mind, if you would like to be successful long term, that you have a very robust research and development organization with good platforms that they can use. So you need technology platforms. And you need the brains and you need, equally important of course, input from your customers when you build those platforms.
Inge G. Thulin: Thank you. To wrap up, our team delivered another good performance in the second quarter as it relates to both financial results and building for long-term success. Going forward, we will remain focused on executing the 3M playbook, delivering efficient growth and continuing to create greater value for our customers and shareholders. Thank you for joining us, and we look forward to talking with you soon again. Have a good day.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Andy, there's several things you're asking there. For the second quarter and then I'll expand it to talk about the total year for price raw materials, we, as I said earlier, saw 130 basis points of margin expansion from that, up slightly from where we were in the first quarter. Of that 130 basis points, 90 basis points is related to lower year-on-year commodity prices and the other 40 basis points is coming from our pricing growth that we see not related to FX movement. Our total price growth that we posted this year, we still see the majority of that coming from adjustments we're making in pricing related to FX movement. But once we strip that out, we still see 40 basis points of core price growth that we're seeing in our business and we don't see a reason for that to change as we look into the second half. If you remember, Andrew, over a long period of time, we see our range for that core price growth being between 30 basis points and 50 basis points. So as I look at this for the total year, we now expect the combination of price raw materials to be benefiting our margin by approximately 100 basis points. Six months ago I was saying I expected it to be about 50 basis points, but we're seeing some improvement in commodity prices from what we were anticipating for the second half of the year and pricing is slightly better than what we had expected.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Oh, for just fourth quarter? Yeah. The biggest put and take in the fourth quarter will be the comparison to fourth quarter last year, which had a restructuring. Other puts and takes will continue to be getting benefits from price raw materials. Strategic investments, as I've mentioned earlier, will be larger in the second half than it was in the first half, so that'll be part of the puts and takes. But the biggest driver that's going to change is going to be the year-on-year impact of not repeating the restructuring that we had in fourth quarter of 2015.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah, Julian, I don't think you should over-read it. We started the year and we continue to have a range of $4 billion to $6 billion. And with $2.1 billion through the first half of the year, we're currently tracking to the low end of the range. The pace and the amount of the repurchases is dependent on demands of capital, such as for M&A, and it's also dependent on the relative value we see in the stock price. Our model is sensitive to share price. And the range that we put out allows flexibility with our capital allocation decisions. So in short, I'd say, Julian, don't over-read anything in our $4 billion to $6 billion range. We're just holding to that right now partly because there's a lot of uncertainties that can happen in the second half of the year.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Julian, for the year, we're in the range of 100 basis points to 150 basis points of margin expansion. Some puts and takes in there. The price raw materials we're seeing is slightly better than we did at the beginning of the year. And the lower volume and related lower utilization of assets is the negative impacting that margin. So 100 basis points to 150 basis points for the year. We consider the first and the fourth quarter to be the quarters with the most margin expansion and second and third quarter to be the two lower quarters of margin expansion.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah, for our pension expense, if we snapped the rates right now, it would become a headwind for us in 2017. It's really too early with five and a half more months to go before that gets set, so I'm not going to comment on the magnitude of it. But if we stopped right now, it would be a headwind for us in 2017.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yes, Steven, let me take that one. As we progress through the year, third quarter, we could be similar to what we saw in the second quarter for organic growth to slightly better. We'll see, as Inge mentioned, improving trends in Industrial more driven by comps. But we will continue to see declines in our Electronics & Energy business. The fourth quarter, based in our view right now, is where we'll see the most significant year-on-year comp benefits for our organic growth, which will propel us into the 0% to 1% range. But the third quarter I wouldn't be looking for a dramatic turnaround from the growth rates that we've seen in the second quarter.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah, three months ago I said that we expected that expense to be approximately $20 million. As we progressed through the quarter, we executed on all the actions we planned, the price tag for that came in closer to $10 million than to $20 million. We found some ways to do it more efficiently so it ended up being a slight benefit from what we were thinking.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: As we go into next year, Steve, if things just stayed where they were, the biggest impact we'd have on our earnings in 2017 would be the diminishment of our hedging gains. So we're experiencing hedging gains this year of approximately $100 million. If FX did not move, that $100 million would drop substantially. There'd still be slight gains in 2017, but minimal.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: This is a little dated, Steve. But at one time, the sensitivity was about $1 million for every basis point.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Hey, Andrew. I'll take that. As you look at our margin walk for Q2, what we're calling that is organic volume and utilization. And that's a little different from how it was last quarter where we had those two separated out. So what's driving the utilization negative impact? First of all, having the organic growth down 20 basis points. That's part of that. We also saw – we reduced our inventories in the second quarter, which has little lower throughput through our manufacturing facilities. And then the third and probably most significant of these is lower asset utilization in our Electronics business and, to a lesser extent, in our Industrial business. Those are the main things going on. During the second half, we expect the asset utilization to improve, but not necessarily to be positive impact on the margin. It will improve, and that's aligned with our expectation full year operating margin expansion for the year being between 100 basis points and 150 basis points.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Deane, when I guided last quarter, our expectation for tax rate for the remaining quarters of the year and for the total year, it was also at a time that we had adopted the new accounting standard on the way tax benefits are treated on the income statement related to employee stock-based compensation. Our view at that time was the majority of that benefit would be coming in the first quarter and that with our cash repatriation plans we'd be seeing a higher tax rate in the second, third and fourth quarter. As far as the cash movement, that continues according to our plan. The difference that we saw during the second quarter is due to the strong 3M stock performance, we saw increased benefit coming from that adoption of the accounting standards through increased employee stock option exercises. And that brought our tax rate down lower than what we were expecting for the second quarter. And that's the driver for why we lowered our tax rate guidance for the entire year.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah, John, I'll first talk about the total year and then I'll try to bring it into the quarter for you.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: So for the year, at the time what I said three months ago is, yes, we're getting that benefit in the first quarter. But with our cash repatriation, it will end up being neutral for the year. We now for the year see a total benefit of approximately $0.10 net all-in, if we net the ASU, we net the cash repatriation. And the third piece that I'll remind you of is it also has impact on our share count. It increases our number of diluted shares outstanding, so the net impact we now see is approximately $0.10 for the total year. For the second quarter, the roughly 150 basis points lower that we saw in our tax rate from what I had originally guided, all of that is coming from the increased employee stock options that we saw in the second quarter. Nothing has changed on our plans that we communicated for cash repatriation and cash movements around the world.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah, so in the second half of the year we're anticipating that we'll have lower employee stock options and there hence lower tax benefit from that in the second half of the year. That's built into our current guidance for the tax rate. But we'll continuing to be seeing the headwinds from our cash repatriation and cash movement actions that we're taking.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: John, the signaling I'd take from that is we continue to see very good investment opportunities for the company. Opportunities that we've talked about for strategic investments, investments in accelerating growth in Health Care as I think Jeff just asked about that. So I see it as commitment that we see opportunities and we want to keep investing in those, not we're running out of options of what we can do to deliver current quarter or year's earnings.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: The yen is part of that movement. That's probably the most significant deviation. The euro, I'd put very similar to what we've been expecting throughout the year.
