Monish Patolawala: Thanks, Mike, please turn to Slide 13. As Mike mentioned, we are initiating full year 2021 guidance as end market visibility has continued to improve despite ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty. As a result, we will no longer be reporting monthly sales updates as we had in 2020. Looking at sales; we are forecasting total sales growth of 5% to 8% with organic growth in the range of 3% to 6%. Earnings per share is projected to be between $9.20 and $9.70, or up 5% to 11% on an adjusted basis. The primary contributors to earnings growth in 2021 include organic sales growth, productivity as we continue to increase our focus on operating rigor through daily management and leveraging the use of data and data analytics, and our ongoing efforts to advance and streamline our global operating model. And lastly, we anticipate benefits from foreign currency due to the weaker US dollar. Partially offsetting these benefits are anticipated year-on-year headwinds from the Q4 2020 gain on sale of real estate and expected increase in areas such as travel, variable incentive compensation and advertising and merchandising investments. Turning to cash, we expect another year of robust cash flow, with free cash flow conversion in the range of 95% to 105%. From a capital allocation perspective, our first priority remains investing organically in our business, including R&D and CapEx. As we have noted, we are increasing investments in growth, productivity and sustainability in 2021. As a result, CapEx for the year is expected to be in the range of $1.8 billion to $2 billion. Returning cash to shareholders remains a high priority for 3M including both dividends, along with a disciplined approach to share repurchases, which we plan to restart in 2021. Please see the appendix in today's slide presentation for additional details regarding our 2021 full year guidance. Please turn to Slide 14. Here you see a breakdown of our expectations for organic growth by business group along with some of the key macroeconomic and market indicators we incorporated into our planning. Overall, the pace and success of the COVID-19 vaccine deployment and adoption will be critical for the global economy. The two broadest macroeconomic indicators, Global GDP and IPI are both expected to grow mid-single digits. The overall electronics market is expected to be up mid-single digits. In addition, global car and light truck builds are expected to grow 14% versus 2020. Also, while health care and oral care elective procedure volumes have improved off the Q2 lows of 2020. They are currently not expected to return to pre-COVID levels until the later part of 2021. We are also monitoring the ability and pace for people to return to the workplace and students to return to school. And finally, consumer spending, particularly retail sales and home improvement demand, and e-commerce also are factors in our planning. Taking these factors into account, we expect the following organic growth expectations for our business groups in 2021. Starting with safety and industrial, where we anticipate organic local currency growth to be up mid-single digits, transportation and electronics is expected to be up low to high single digits. This vital range contemplates the potential for end market variability, particularly in automotive and electronics. And finally, both our health care and consumer businesses are projected to grow in the low to mid-single digits this year. In 2021, we will prioritize capital to our greatest market opportunities. Deliver for our customers, drive commercial intensity, improve operating rigor, enhance daily management, leverage data and data analytics and continue to streamline our organization. As a result, we expect solid revenue growth; improve margins and earnings, robust free cash flow and a continued strong capital structure and financial flexibility. To wrap up; in the spirit of continuous improvement, there's always more we can do and will do. I would like to thank all 3Mers for the hard work and the progress that we have made in an unprecedented year. With that, I thank you for your attention. And we will now take your questions.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, so I would just say, Dean, thanks for the question. And as you know, we've done a great job as a team trying to keep up costs under control. You can see that in Q3 results. You can see that in Q4. How it will bounce back will actually all depend on where we see the recovery of the pandemic and how the vaccine plays itself out. Currently, as you can see from the guidance that we've given you, there is headwind that we're planning on the bounce back of $0.35 to $0.45 that was put in there. And there are two or three things in there, Dean. One is, as you think about the property sales that are year-over-year, that are non-repeat. Secondly, all these indirect costs, travel is a big piece of that that comes back. And the third one is the variable compensation that gets reset for 2021. And from 4Q to 1Q, also there will be a reset and an increase in cost. So those are the factors we're looking at. And I would just say from a quarter perspective, it's all going to depend on our how revenue comes across, how growth happens, how the economy recovers. The other piece, just to keep in mind, as Mike mentioned, our plan is to invest more in opportunities on growth, productivity and sustainability. And that also will have an impact on each quarter, depending on how the economy recovers.
Monish Patolawala: I would just add Scott to everything Mike said. I would just add the supply chain stability in the electronics and the auto OEM market, also something that we are watching. So as that plays out and that gets more stable, I think it'd give us more stability and certainty on how we're going to deliver against it.
Monish Patolawala: So I'll try again, Joe, I think you're asking what our cadence is and how we're going to look at 2021. So what we're going to, we're going to be as helpful as we can, as you know, Joe, we have initiated annual guidance, and based on where we see some of the end markets that I mentioned about in my prepared remarks. Based on that we'll see where - how those end markets play out that will determine how our quarterly things play out. Our guidance is right now organic 3% to 6% with 5% to 8% growth in total, including FX. One of the things that we have seen over the pandemic, Joe, is our normal trends that historically you would see don't seem to play itself out. So for example, in December, the company usually sees deceleration we didn't see the deceleration. Similarly, on a month-to-month trend, sometimes what you see in variability in the months was higher due to COVID and therefore, my personal belief is I think you're going to see more variability throughout the year depending how different parts of the world play itself out. We are also aggressively prioritizing our investments throughout on all the three items Mike mentioned growth, productivity and sustainability. Again, that will have an impact based on how revenue plays itself out. We would love to go heavy and invest early so that we can capture the growth that's coming. But we'll have to see how the world recovers. So we'll have to just walk through that. And then just another piece for you to keep in mind, as you're thinking about the quarters is from a restructuring charge perspective, we had announced the charge in the fourth quarter, you're going to see the balance of that charge somewhere between $110 million to $160 million in the second half of this year. And we'll tighten that as we go through the quarter. So our goal is to be as helpful as we can, throughout and through the various interactions we have with all of you is to tell you what's going on in the world. But that's the way we see it right now. So hopefully I answered your question, Joe.
Monish Patolawala: Sure, Julian. I would say a couple of things. So first, just answer your question to give you the 20% to 21.5%. That's correct. So it's 21, 3 is the perfect number. If you think about 2021 ad how we look at margin, I'll just elevate first to say our general view over the long term is growth at or about macro, sustainable margin improvement; strong cash that ultimately helps us have a very strong capital structure. So keeping that in mind, we would say that's basically how we are thinking about long term, things to factor in from a margin guide perspective, as Mike mentioned, we are going to invest properly in growth, productivity and sustainability. So that's going to have one factor. The second factor is going to be the amount of productivity that we are generating. We've got a lot of proprietary technologies that we are rolling out in supply chain. Mike mentioned that the stability of our supply chain is one of our priorities for 2021. We're going to continue that path. So you should see benefit from the productivity actions that the supply chain team is driving. The third piece is making sure that we have factored in correctly the snap back of 2020 costs. We have shown you that it's $0.35 to $0.45 of headwind again on the three items that I mentioned before, and I would say the last one to think about this is thinking about what revenue is going to be and what growth looks like quarter-to-quarter. And that's going to also have a pretty big impact on where we end up from a margin perspective. So those are all the factors that we are putting in here as we think about but long-term growth at or about macro, sustainable margin improvements, and then strong cash.
Monish Patolawala: So I go back again, Julian, I would say it all depends on where revenue ends up being and where - how much we invest. So it all depends on how fast the world recovers.
Monish Patolawala: Sure. The way that we look at it, Julian, is our first step in all of this is to make sure that we are investing organically R&D and CapEx, you're seeing us increase capital expenditure at $1.8 billion to $2 billion because we see some growth opportunities, some productivity opportunities, as well as sustainability. Our second priority is dividends and making sure that our shareholders think that's important. We acknowledge that our third priority is M&A. And then our last priority share buyback. So we as I said in my prepared remarks at 3M, we understand returning cash to shareholders is important. So we have both, we're going to dividend as well, as we have always supported a reasonable amount of share buyback. And that's our current plan. How much and how that plays out from a timing perspective is again goes back to where we see where the economic recovery is going to look like. And then based on that we'll work it with the board, and we'll keep y'all posted as we announced.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, so I would say, listen, R&D right now is I would say is in that range. But it always goes back to the point Mike made, which is our plan is to keep investing in growth, productivity and sustainability. On the growth side, we have so many good opportunities, whether it's home care, personal safety, digital, health care, data analytics, as well as auto OEM. From an electrification perspective, we have tremendous opportunities of growth. And depending on how we see 2021, and then 2022 and beyond play out, we won't be shy to invest in those areas, we won't be shy to invest in advertising and merchandising too as required in our businesses to make sure that we capture for the long-term growth. So I would say that yes, but I would also ask us to start thinking to be four great businesses and depending on how the end markets play out in those four businesses, we're going to flex up or down. So I don't know if I answered your question, Nigel, but that's the way I look at it from an R&D perspective.
Monish Patolawala: Sure. So we are seeing inflation. One of the things about 3M is we buy so many diverse products, there's not one product that's greater than $200 million to $300 million that's - that has a big impact. But we are seeing I would say inflation in three areas. Area number one is just raw material and feed. Couple of them we look at is polypropylene, wood pulp, ethylenes are areas that we look at and say all of them are showing inflation. The second is as you're seeing also from different industrials is logistics cost is higher, whether it's air or truck, the logistics costs are higher. So we're seeing inflation there. And the third piece even though the economies still are not that very strong from a labor shortage perspective, that's another area where we're seeing inflation and manpower cost. So those are the three areas that we are seeing, we have a great sourcing team that's working to minimize that as much as they can. And then also your specific question on pricing. Our aim is to have prices that will go up on a year-over-year to take into account the inflation that we're seeing.
Monish Patolawala: Andrew, I would just add, I've been here only six months. So just to tell you the changes that I've seen in the six months I've been here. There's a lot more focus on daily management, are we winning daily? Are we not winning daily, much more tie into what external market trends that we are seeing, so we can quickly react as needed? You can see the work the supply chain teams have done to keep our supply chain lines running despite supply chains in general being broken. I look at also the ability to see visibility of data. So there's data democratization, where we can see stuff that is happening much faster on a daily basis. So it's all about driving the operating rigor getting the daily management quickly going into root cause and then finding sustainable improvements. Here we're using, so I think there's much more transparency on issues that we are facing and the team is going in eyes wide open and trying to find solutions as quickly as we can.
Monish Patolawala: Sure. So Acelity I would say is one of the divisions that does get impacted, the highest due to hospitalization rate and elective surgeries but overall when you just step back and say what is Acelity done? I would say as the volumes came up in Q2, off Q2 lows the business has continued to grow tremendously through those Q2 lows, the reason why Acelity is so good for 3M, I think there are a couple of things. One is it's in a market that is ever growing right now based on where our demographics are. Secondly, it gives 3M a lot more relevance when it comes to talking to caregivers. Third is it gets us into a post-acute space and a home care space, which I think post-COVID is going to be a trend from a home care perspective. And then what 3M brings to Acelity is the synergies that it can bring one is its brand, its global reach, and its ability to do global and high-speed manufacturing. It brings it to that and 3M did already have an advanced wound care business. So when you put this together, it basically makes it a very good acquisition for 3M. We have seen growth in both. We have made positive income in third and fourth quarter. And we are very encouraged with all the work that the health care team is doing that this business will keep growing. But of course, it will be partially dependent on how the world recovers from electives.
Monish Patolawala: So the leverage, I think if my memory is right was landed up somewhere. Again, it's so messy with all the indirect snap backs and in and out of 2020 and what we did by quarter-to-quarter timing, et cetera. But I would just say, Steve, in general, you should just think about the leverage range for 3M in the range of 30% to 40% from an incremental volume perspective.
Monish Patolawala: So as I said before on the earlier question that was there. We expect prices to be positive based on all the inflation that we are seeing. And historically, when you think about what 3M has been able to do, they have been able to get price just because of the value that they add to customers. And I don't expect that to change.
Monish Patolawala: Well, historically 3M, if my memory is right and Bruce can correct me it has been in the range of 30 to 50 basis points excluding electronics, which electronics as you know an industry that definitely sees price decrease, but we'll have to see where inflation ends up here. And we'll do the best we can.
Monish Patolawala: So I would say, John, we always take multiple factors into account as needed. Right now, one of the big factors is the pace of the core economy. But as things evolve, and things change, we'll definitely update you on our guidance.
Monish Patolawala: Sure, Nicole, it's a question that we keep asking ourselves and try to get as much visibility as we can. As you correctly stated, there's a lot of uncertainty right now in the world. As we saw end markets starting to stabilize, and our visibility got better, we started an annual guidance of 3% to 6%. And I think as the world recovers, we should be able to get there, we are confident that innovation that we are doing should help us get to solid growth and grow that are about macro in the long run. When you think about 1Q, one of the things that we have seen over the last six months that I've at least been here and longer for these teams are some of the historical trends have just not played themselves out. So December didn't slow down, as historically has been. With that said, I don't think January has started off very weak. But the things that we are watching are where does hospitalization go? What happens to elective procedures both in the hospital and the oral care space? So we're pretty cautious in that and seeing what we're seeing right now. On the industrial side, making sure that industrial activity continues, our customers continue to buy inventory will be the second piece that we got to watch. Third, as I've mentioned on the auto side, and on the electronic side, where both of them are starting to combine together, how does the supply chains play itself out and what the volume of auto production is going to be? And then the last one to think about is from a consumer perspective, we had an extremely strong consumer growth. You saw we grew nearly 10% with a very strong holiday season. The question is does that strength continue in retail when do schools reopen? Also, just a reminder, from a tactical basis, we are hitting that point where we start lapping year-over-year pandemic demand. So 3M had nearly $100 million of disposable respirator sales last year 1Q, 2020. Again driven by the pandemic so we are lapping that. And then on the income side to think through, Nicole, what is the volume going to look like? And I mentioned we're quite cautious on what we're seeing. And then just on the tactical side, what else we're going to invest, how fast we're going to invest in each of the quarters in the areas Mike mentioned. And then from a year - quarter-over-quarter sequential basis as we reset variable compensation for the first quarter as well as we start stepping into advertising merchandising investments, we will have an impact. So hopefully I gave you the things we are looking at Nicole as we're thinking about the quarter.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, so I would say, Nicole, improving velocity working capital turnover, whichever terminology you want to use is one of our priorities. There is a good opportunity there. You've seen the team has done a really nice job from Q2 highs of where the inventory was as a percent of sales or even if you look at days on hand, to bring it down in Q3, and Q4. The work that the team is doing with data, data analytics, but also putting enterprise operations and supply chain together is an area that I would say is an opportunity for us in 2021 and beyond to keep improving inventory velocity. And we are committed to doing that and we'll keep driving that.
Mike Roman: Yes. Sure, Dean, thanks for that question. Our team has been working with MIT researchers, as we've talked about, really focused on developing a low-cost rapid detection capability for COVID-19. And over the past nine months, we've made some very significant technical advances in the design. And we're bringing our expertise in manufacturing and scaling up working with MIT with their capabilities and technology around the assay, the measurement development. And we've been focused on some of the challenges that are inherent in this kind of development, which is the stability of the tests and the robustness of the device, and improving sensibility, sensitivity in the detection. And we're in the middle of the development phase. We're working to address those challenges. We've made very good progress. We'll continue to update as we go along and we're continuing to be very, very encouraged by the partnership with MIT.
Mike Roman: Well, we're in development. We’ve got to resolve some of the requirements that are here around sensitivity and stability of the device. So we're in the middle of that. Well, as soon as we get further along, I would say, in the development phase, we will give you a better view of timelines.
Mike Roman: Well, Scott, I'll start with something Monish said, it's great to see this business turn positive in Q4. It's a very good business that faces into markets that have very innovative customers and segments. And it's a good opportunity for us to continue to grow and leverage our innovation. As we look into 2021, we see some positive outlooks. We saw and highlighted some of the strength in semiconductor and in automotive build rates turning positive in Q4, that's expected to continue to get better in 2021. I would say there's - we start with - there's some uncertainty on how that's going to play out as we start the year. COVID is still the driving factor here, what is the visibility through that. I think we get better clarity on the plans of our customers and how they're thinking about it. There's still that uncertainty around the pandemic and how that plays out even in those areas. You see some of that, and I'll look of maybe some softness in consumer electronics, as we start the year. We also - as a reminder in this business, we have exposure to oil and gas and highway infrastructure and commercial solutions, which really depends on people in the office working in the office and in commercial settings. So there's a balance across those businesses with the view of the uncertainty in how the pandemic is going to play out and we'll get better clarity as we go through the year.
Mike Roman: Yes, I would say, for us, we continue to focus on proactively managing PFAS. And that we've got three principles, and one of those is providing transparency to you and our investors. And right now, there had been scheduled some initial bellwether case in Michigan that's been postponed, it's still to be determined when that'll be scheduled. So we'll update as we go. We do continue to keep our 3m.com site updated with all recent PFAS information. And we'll continue to update on whether it's litigation, our work or our work in support of regulatory standards. Any of those categories we will update there and we’ll update in these calls as well.
Mike Roman: Yes, it's a great one, Joe. And the same thing we keep thinking about all the time of how do we do it. So we have tried on our, on one of the presentation pages, there's a guide out there, where we show you headwinds is $0.35 to $0.45, and the benefit from restructuring is anywhere between $0.20 to $0.30. If you think about the headwinds, as I mentioned before, there's property sales that don't repeat some of the indirect costs that was snapped back. Example, travel and variable compensation is in that range of $0.35 to $0.45. And then on the restructuring side, the $0.20 to $0.30, I would ask you to think about two pieces. One is for all the other actions that the companies had taken other than the fourth quarter, there's a carryover benefit of give or take $100 million. And then the benefits of the restructuring that we announced in the fourth quarter are another $75 million of benefits $75 million to $100 million. And then, of course, it's offset by the charge that we're going to take a $110 million to $160 million. So that's why we have called out the restructuring benefits in the guide of $0.20 to $0.30.
Mike Roman: Yes, Andrew, thanks for the question. We have even in the middle of the pandemic we've continued to make very good progress on some of what you outline there. And part of it is the digitization of 3M, transforming our company deploying new ERP and ecosystem around it that continues to move forward. We are also now operating for one year, our new operating model that we launched in January of 2020. And that we moved ahead in the middle of the pandemic, we benefited from it, we saw the benefits come in our ability to respond to just the dynamics that we hit. It's on our markets as we went through the year. So I would say we benefited from it, it validated where we are going with the 3M model, it validated the strengths of the 3M model and how we apply our innovation in our markets. And I would say it encouraged us to continue to really press ahead, and I talked about that in my prepared remarks about the digitization, improving our operations, I see it in terms of more agility, shorter cycle times, improved response. And ultimately, it's really at the foundation of how we drive productivity, operational improvements as we go. So that's becoming the way we take advantage of it. That's how we focus it. And so planning broadly, as part of that we're getting, I would say better in terms of cycle times. And I better at using the greater visibility on data and the analytics that go with it. So it's, I'm encouraged with the progress we've made. And I believe there's more to come as we go through 2021.
Mike Roman: Yes, Steve, and we did see their press release. And we won't comment on the agreement that they've announced. I would just reinforce what I've been saying is we are committed to proactively manage PFS, and the three principles are the way we think about this. Sound science and how can we apply that in our 3M expertise to move ahead. Our corporate responsibility and we're stepping into that with where we manufactured, historically manufactured and dispose the PFS and then transparency and keeping you and our investors updated on what we are seeing and how we progress. And that's something that we'll continue to focus on as we go through the year. So that's probably where I'll leave it for now.
Mike Roman: Well, I would say we continue, and even through 2020, in the middle of COVID, we continue to actively manage our portfolio and we focus on three priorities, when we think about that. One is prioritizing where we invest organically, so the 5.5% to 6% on R&D is not everywhere the same, we are prioritizing where we're making investments, you'll see that in capital investments as well. So we use portfolio to dry that first and foremost, that's our priority in our capital allocation. Then we look at complimentary acquisitions. And Acelity as Monish talked earlier, that's a great example of that strategy. And we're focused on Acelity. We continue to be active and looking at M&A. We're focused on Acelity as we come into 2021. And then we do have a, I would say, a rigorous approach to optimizing value in each of our businesses. And this includes what we might do to change the model, or if there's a better owner or more value to be created, we would this would include divestitures, as we've done, as we did with our drug delivery business in 2020. So it's an ongoing process. We continue to assess it. When we see an opportunity to increase value, we'll take action as we have.
Mike Roman: Yes. Andy, I would say we're seeing what you're hearing and probably seeing more broadly, and that starts with the second half of 2020, where more I would say the channels across our various markets began to stabilize, as we went through the second half into the end of the year. And so if you look at our four go-to-market models, they each have a little different dynamic, the safety and industrial business. Our channel partners remained cautious there, you're seeing continued demand for us in safety and personal protective equipment. We saw some improvement in our industrial adhesives and tapes business as we went through Q4. Other businesses are still seeing end market declines. And so we're not seeing material restocking in those safety or industrial channels globally. Transportation, electronics, they're pretty much in balance with demand, there's some tight supply and Monish mentioned supply chain things that we're watching everybody's watching around semiconductor and that does relate to the strong demand in their end markets. Health care generally steady as the end markets have now adjusted to the changes in areas like elective procedures in the middle of COVID. There's Q4 we kind of saw a resurgence of COVID cases impact that but pretty steady as we come into the year. And consumer is I would say mixed, we see high demand in home improvement that continues. That's lower-than-normal levels in that channel. And we see really elevated levels still in office and retail as you seen the slowdown because of the work remotely kind of economy that we're in. So it's a little mixed, in general, we're not seeing a strong restocking as we come into the year.
Mike Roman: Andy, we did bring online in the US, we talked a lot about this as we went through the year, capital that we invested in and capital that we invested in a public private partnership with DOD. And that is all online, we did realize some improved productivity on those lines, we've been working even as we bring on new capital to drive greater throughputs and yields and rates and we had some improvement from that. We did, as we got through Q4 get to full capacity and full run rates. And so that's $2.5 billion run rate that I talked about, we're going to - we will continue to strive to improve on that as we go through the year. We are - we still see strong demand around the world where we will continue to do everything we can to meet that demand. And we're at like I said, at full capacity of the new lines. And we can, will incrementally add to that as we go through the year.
Mike Roman: To wrap up, in Q4 and throughout 2020, our team executed well and continue to fight the pandemic from every angle, while building for the future and advancing our values. As we look ahead, we will apply 3M science to capitalize on global market trends and prioritize investments in growth, productivity and sustainability. We enter 2021 well positioned to generate greater value for our customers and shareholders and deliver a strong performance. Thank you for joining us.
