Nick Gangestad: Scott, the playbook on there really isn't changing. We seek to have natural hedges against currency risk and how we set up the supply chain, and then we layer on top of that some financial hedges. And those financial hedges don't ultimately change the underlying financials over a longer period of time, but we have hedges that we enter into going out one, two, three years, to buy time for us to adjust our cost structure, our supply chain in order to end up with the competitive supply chain in a revised FX environment. So in the short term what we often do especially in emerging markets, we will adjust prices to partially offset the FX impact. And then we will adjust our supply chain adjusting where we’re manufacturing based on FX movements. That tends to take a little longer time though, Scott. And not in a short-term, but we often have to change and re-qualify sources of supply to make that happen. For the year, Scott, I will say, we started the year guiding that FX with rates as they stood at the end of the year we thought that they would positively impact our earnings by about $0.10. Through the first few months of the year, the dollar weakened more and that pushed our EPS benefit that we were expecting slightly above that $0.10. In the last few months, we’ve seen the dollar strengthen, and we now see ourselves slightly below that $0.10. And through the first half of the year, we have seen $0.06 EPS benefit from FX. And if we see meaningful changes to that $0.10 we originally guided, we’ll provide updates on that accordingly.
Nick Gangestad: Andrew, there’s a few moving pieces there. First of all, as you noted, now that we have divested of our communications markets division, there is some income that that would have been generating in the last seven months of the year that that will no longer be generating, and that’s what's encompassed in our adjustment to our EPS guidance for the year. In particular, what you're talking about there, there is also an impact from net interest expense. So in terms of our earnings bridge that we laid out at the beginning of the year, there is a couple of moving parts in addition to this communication markets adjustment that we announced today. First is, we are buying back more shares, and we originally guided that that would be $0.10 to $0.15 of benefit. We now see ourselves at the high end of that range, so that’s on the positive. We also are borrowing more money, so our net interest expense is going up. So we started the year guiding that net interest expense would be a benefit to our EPS of $0.05 to $0.10. We now think that will be approximately flat for the year.
Nick Gangestad: Just a few things, as far as the impact of this ERP go-live impact and the way its impacting different segments in the U.S. We see these impacts primarily in our Industrial, Safety and Graphics, and Electronics and Energy business groups. It’s not really having a material impact on consumer and really no impact on our healthcare business. So in terms of how you think about that impact in the second quarter and the third quarter, and fourth quarter it's really those three businesses that were impacted. Now in terms of our guidance for the year, we continue to see industrial globally -- we had originally guided 3% to 5%, we see that most likely in the bottom half of that range. And that aligns with the updated total company guidance that we providing in April. We do see Health Care probably closer to the 4% growth for the total year and safety and graphics, which we’d originally guided at 4% to 6%, we see at the high end or possibly higher than the high end of our original guidance. The others are Consumer and Electronics and Energy, we see those solidly in the ranges that we that we first put out.
Nick Gangestad: The $0.05 to $0.10, Andy, just to be clear, that’s just the raw material headwind, that we updated that. And as far as price growth, it’s actually, Andy, quite broad. I won’t point out one business, or one geography, as really driving these results it's really quite broad and deep where the price growth is. In terms of impact on margin, I think I said earlier that we continue to see that positive for the year and halfway through the year. We continue to see that highly confident that our price increases will more than offset whatever we see for raw material headwinds for the year.
Nick Gangestad: Julian, in terms of the 2018 roadmap that I provided last December and then we updated it in January after tax reform, the other components are staying where we expected. But let me give a little color on it. Even organic growth, with the roll-down that we had in our total year organic growth expectation for the year, we see more of our growth coming from price, which is accretive to EPS. So our organic growth impact on earnings remains unchanged; footprint optimization, much of that, Julian, was just not repeating the charges that we took in 2017. There’s some incremental charges and some benefit, those largely washed in 2018. We’re expecting the majority of true benefit to be coming in 2019 and 2020. So that is progressing exactly as we expected. Raw materials, as I noted, we adjusted that down from that original guidance. Business transformation and productivity, both of those are tracking to the range that we put in that they’re performing exactly as we expected.
Nick Gangestad: The guidance that I said is inclusive of tariffs that have been enacted. So when we’re talking tariffs there’s a number of tariffs, first, the steel and aluminum under the national security act. And that impact as well as the Section 301 list 1, those two that have already been enacted, we see having a fairly immaterial impact on us. So we estimate that to be approximately $10 million, or a penny of share on an annualized basis, the direct and indirect impact of those tariffs. We are actively monitoring and assessing the potential impact from Section 301 list 2 and 3, if those were implemented and any potential retaliation that could occur with those. And we’re prepared to act with sourcing changes, supply changes and pricing changes if enacted. So my initial statement stands that we think pricing will offset raw material impacts there and if tariffs expand we continue to see that happening. We’re not quantifying the impact of those latter two since they haven’t been enacted yet, but we are prepared with actions to minimize the impact of that.
Nick Gangestad: Laurence, on the price raw materials, we are likely seeing that our commodity prices and the increases we’re seeing there likely at a peak level. And our pricing projections, our selling price projections are consistent with that and that’s part of our anticipation that in a more stable world going forward with commodities, we’ll continue to have our prices -- our selling price increases more than offset what we’re estimating now for commodity price increases. And we really don't see that changing. And if the commodity prices start to change again, we will be prepared to act.
Nick Gangestad: Nigel, the actions that we’re taking are to address stranded costs that are left after the divestiture of our CMD business. So there’re addressing structural costs that this divestiture is leaving. We started those actions in Q2 and we expect to take more in the second half of the year to offset what could have been a negative impact if we had left those stranded costs in the company going forward.
Nick Gangestad: We expect that that will be paying back for us next year. Some of those actions will trail into next year in terms of when the cost saving start to happen. But we’ll be starting to see that benefit in 2019. And Nigel, one other thing I’m not sure if you’re asking this earlier, this charge is almost entirely been taken at a corporate level and not in our Electronics and Energy business.
Nick Gangestad: For the second half of the year, we do expect that we’ll be seeing more benefit from share repurchases than we saw in the first half. We do think productivity will be better in the second half than what we saw in the first half. And then in terms of commodity prices from a year-on-year basis, we expect that that will be fairly neutral between the first half and the second half. Pricing will likely be better in the second half than in the first half.
Nick Gangestad: Steven, as I said, it’s broad based; 100 basis points up in the U.S.; EMEA was up 180 basis points; Latin America and Canada 210 basis points; and A-Pac up 40 basis points. And that 110 basis points is inclusive of our electronics business, which is normally a price down model. If we pull electronics out, our underlying price growth was up 130 basis points. And as far as geographies and what we see as potential there, we continue to see -- we don’t see that going down. Part of your question, Steve, was also on FX impact. Right now, we estimate there was only about 20 of that 110 or 130, depending on how you look at, price growth that was coming from FX. The vast majority of it is coming from core underlying price growth. And it's really a reflection of the value we create for our customers. And this is the new point I’m making here. It’s partially being driven by improvements in our global price management that our business transformation initiative is enabling. The ability to have better governance and better control over that pricing, we are starting to see that benefit and that’s part of what you’re seeing change here.
Nick Gangestad: Steve, in terms of growth, let me give some guidance on how we're seeing growth between the third and fourth quarter. Mike talked earlier about the impact of our U.S. go-live with our ERP system and the amount of the revenue. So that impact as we expect that to be -- us to be giving back some of the sales in the second half of the year, we expect that to disproportionately impact the third quarter. And as you noted between the two quarters, Q3 is the tougher of the two comps between the third and the fourth quarter. That all-in, we are looking at the third quarter being lower growth than the fourth quarter, both of them aligned with our expectation of 3 to 4 for the total year. But I'm not going to be surprised if we have a lower number in third quarter, given what we're seeing so far for the year, and it’s in line with our 3% to 4% guidance. And then in terms of EPS for each quarter, I’ll try to avoid giving EPS guidance on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But we continue to see ourselves very firmly delivering in that 10 on an adjusted basis to 10.20 to the 10.45 for the total year.
Mike Roman: I would maybe start with, as we’ve talked a lot about with the business transformation, it really starts and ends with the customer for us. So we are -- in our deployments, that's where we start. We focus on how to do the best for our customers, minimize impact and provide benefits with where we’re going with business transformation. And I would say, as we deployed in Europe that was true. You are asking the customers to significantly change how they interact with us. But on the other side of that, change process is a lot of benefit for how we work together. And so I think we saw that in Europe. And we had the deployment and some of the same things we’re seeing now in the U.S. where we had some repurchases. I don't think we would characterize it the way you did that we saw growth impacted by that business transformation. That was other dynamics in the marketplace and even some of things that we’re doing around portfolio. So -- and maybe to a degree some of the things we’re doing about some of the strategic investments there. But the layout with a focus on customers and how we manage that, that's part of what we're doing in the U.S. now. We’re engaging day-in and day-out, communicating with them earlier about how this is progressing, working with them very closely about managing through any disruption as we scale down the legacy systems and scale up the new ERP and surrounding capabilities. And so that process, we are managing supply all the way through the calendar of those steps and this accelerated by -- we expected some accelerated by, we’re working with our customers as we got closer, how much interruption would they see, how much accelerated buy made sense if -- and its really up to them. Ultimately, they’re making the decision on what they buy based on the information we’re communicating with them. I would say, it’s in line with what we’ve seen as we’ve deployed through West Europe and I think it's projecting that. We’re doing good job, the deployments are on track and progressing well.
Mike Roman: So starting with the automotive, we continued, as year-to-date through the first half, we continue to see strong growth relative to the build rates globally. So remember we’re managing a global automotive business, focus around key account relationships with the OEMs globally. And we’re seeing continued good performance on our spec-ins and penetration into the marketplace and so good growth, year-to-date relative to the build rates. Some improvement in the build rates in second quarter still looking at IHS projections, up over 4%, slightly over 4% second quarter; again, total year still in line with that, 2.2% number; and always watching quarter-to-quarter the ups and downs there; but are performing well; and when you bring together our automotive electrification capabilities and what we're doing in our technology and applications around that, we continue to see a very robust outlook for outgrowing the build rates. If you turn to Electronics and Energy, we continue to see, I would say, strong growth in what we've been talking about as high growth electronic segments, around automotive electrification, around data centers, semiconductor fabrication, that continues to move forward; and semiconductor fabrication behind, as part of your question there where CapEx is being spent, still seeing significant growth opportunities for us. The rest of the electronics, I would say, electronics in general is playing out in line with the way we laid it out at the beginning of the year that was the more, I would say, modest growth in the consumer electronics part of our portfolio and stronger growth in those higher growth segments. There is some, I would say, some shifts here or there in the quarter but pretty much playing out as we expected in our Electronics and Energy business, pretty much right down the middle of the range that we laid out at the beginning of the year as well.
Mike Roman: So starting with the industrial, automotive aftermarket question, Industrial, we saw broad-based growth across all geographic areas of all businesses. We highlighted some of the leading growth there. We saw mid-single-digit growth in our automotive aftermarket business in Q2. Coming out of Q1, we’re really looking hard at the market. We saw end demand soften as we came out of Q1, but the total year was projecting nominal growth for that marketplace. And we expected to improve as we went through the year, and we saw that starts in Q2. We saw the demand pick up. We saw our opportunity to marketplace pick up across developed economies, in particular, in the U.S. leading that. So we saw the improvement we expected with automotive aftermarket, and we’re projecting the total year in line with where we started at the beginning. Turning to oral care, oral care is an important business for us. We’re recognized as a leader in number of positions, leveraging our material science. And we continue to innovate and look to invest and grow this business as we move ahead. It really does leverage our strengths. If you look at the overall growth in second quarter; 3% for worldwide growth, down slightly in the U.S.; improving over Q1 and again, what we're expecting is to see some improvement globally; and led again by developing markets, but improving as we go through the year; still some room to go in improvement in the U.S. as we move ahead. We did announced and introduced our Clarity aligners at the American Association Orthodontist Show in May. And we believe that this now positions us to have the broadest set of solutions across orthodontic platforms, and we’re actively onboarding orthodontist right now. So it’s really a play for us to help -- have a broad-based suite of solutions for the orthodontists in the global market. We’re getting -- so far getting very good and positive feedback.
Mike Roman: And Laurence, just taking a look at China, we had strong growth in second quarter. Electronics performed very well as we continue to, I would say, win business with companies based there, including the China OEMs. We also saw strong growth in our domestic facing businesses, the domestic economy facing businesses. We’ve had a strategy to prioritize growth here in line with what China is doing to develop their economy. And so as you noted, Health Care is a strong leader of that growth in the first half of the year, big part of our consumer business performing very well. Safety and Graphics also, really with the domestic facing portfolio, doing well. And even if you look at our Industrial business, we have platform businesses -- our Industrial business group that are performing well too and that would be a good example our industrial adhesives and tapes business doing very well in China. So it's broader than just Health Care and Consumer, really centered around where the growth is occurring in the broader China market.
Mike Roman: Jeff, healthcare in the U.S. where you’re seeing the impact, broadly, we had strong growth and our medical solutions business is leading the way there. So maybe just a note about that too, we've been talking about this as our medical consumables business in the past, but it really is focused on value-based care and health economics. And it's a much -- in more integrated portfolio around that. So I’m going to be talking about as medical solutions, so leading the way. We saw good growth in the U.S., also in food safety and health information. Oral care was down slightly. The bigger drag in second quarter was our drug delivery business. Again, we talked about project based business. We saw a decline in Q2 from that business and that was the bigger impact, so broad-based stronger growth that will position us well in the U.S. and as we move ahead. And then you asked…
Mike Roman: If you look at where we are focused as we move ahead, our playbook is working. Our playbook is working, but there are opportunities that each of those three levers, including portfolio management. We are now an active portfolio manager and we do have a robust pipeline of how we look at our portfolio. And we’ll be working to best utilize the 3M model and optimize the portfolio around our model for value creation. So we’re going to continue to be an active portfolio manager as we move ahead. It's about prioritizing resources. It's about targeting where we go with M&A. And it's also about reviewing our businesses as we go. So I see that as very much part of our future value creation opportunity. And it's a priority for me as I step into the role.
Mike Roman: For ne coming in, as always, organic growth remains our first priority. And so we’re going to continue to prioritize investments in R&D, CapEx and product commercialization. With that in mind though in managing our portfolio, we’re looking at M&A as an opportunity to create value, we’re going to maintain the flexibility to pursue additional strategic acquisition opportunities like Scott Safety. And we have been, I think, very clearly focused on strategies that leverage our fundamental strengths unique value creators to 3M. Our ability to integrate successfully these acquisitions and to create market leadership positions like we've been doing in personal safety. So we are active. Our top priorities, as I look ahead our Health Care and Industrial, Safety and Graphics continues to be a priority, those are very much focused on integrating Scott Safety at this time. With that said, all five businesses are active. And we have strong overall pipelines for us to work with. And so for me it's about really moving ahead and identifying those opportunities that are clearly linked to those strategies where we can create differentiated value.
Mike Roman: Josh, you’re referring to some of the opportunities that we see for growth in that business. And we see opportunities to take that business to a positive growth business as we move ahead. It will continue to be a project-based business. So quarter-to-quarter, it can be lumpy and up and down but we do see opportunities. We have some unique capabilities and technology there that we imply as we move ahead.
Mike Roman: To wrap up, we had a strong performance in the second quarter, led by broad-based organic growth, expanded margins and a double-digit increase in earnings per share. We are executing our playbook and are positioned to deliver successful 2018. Thank you again for joining us this morning, and have a good day.
