Mike Roman: Thank you, Nick. I would like to make a few comments about our acquisition of Acelity, which was finalized earlier this month. We are excited as we bring together two innovative companies focused on improving health care outcomes for patients. Acelity offers an impressive range of medical solutions, including their groundbreaking negative pressure wound therapy. They are an ideal fit within our health care portfolio, complementing our existing business and further accelerating 3M as a leader in advanced wound care, which is a significant and growing market. Acelity has annual revenues of $1.5 billion and year-to-date, they have delivered organic growth of 5% and EBITDA growth of more than 10%. We look forward to leveraging the fundamental strengths of 3M, especially our global reach and technologies to build upon these results and drive even greater value. We expect the acquisition to be $0.25 dilutive to GAAP EPS in the first 12 months or $0.35 accretive excluding purchase accounting and anticipated one-time expenses related to the transaction. We are pleased to welcome the talented people of Acelity to our 3M team and are confident in the value this acquisition will deliver to our customers and our shareholders. Please turn to Slide 12 where I will discuss our guidance. Today we are updating our guidance to incorporate the Acelity acquisition along with our expectation of continued softness in China, automotive and electronics. With one quarter remaining in the year, we are providing our guidance for Q4. We anticipate earnings in the range of $2.05 to $2.15 and an organic sales decline of 1% to 3%. On this slide, you will also see our updated full-year guidance for EPS and organic growth. Before turning to Q&A, I would like to make a few comments related to PFAS. We continue to proactively manage this issue. And I would like to provide some specific updates of what we have done since our last earnings call. As you may know in early September, we testified before Congressional Subcommittee in Washington D.C. We reminded the committee that the weight of scientific evidence does not show that PFAS cause adverse human health effects at current or historical levels. Opposition shared by public health agencies and independent science review panels. In our testimony we also announced a number of commitments that build upon our existing efforts related to PFAS including supporting new coordinated research into PFAS, establishing a clearinghouse to share best practices on detection, measurement and remediation, supporting nationwide science based regulation and continuing to work with former customers to help ensure that unused AFFF containing PFOS is properly handled. We also reaffirmed our commitment to ongoing remediation of our manufacturing facilities and historical disposal sites. With respect to litigation, the AFFF multi-district litigation is still in the early phases and at this time no trials have been scheduled. Outside of AFFF, the earliest we expect other product related trials to begin would be in the Spring of 2020. Moving forward, we will continue to keep you updated as developments unfold. In summary, as I look across our company, I see the strength of the 3M model. We have deep competitive advantages in our unique technology platforms, advanced manufacturing, global capabilities and leading brands. We also have experienced teams that know how to manage through macroeconomic slowdowns, which our businesses tend to see early. In these situations, we put an even greater emphasis on improving our operational performance and reducing costs, enabling us to generate strong cash flow as we did again in the third quarter. And throughout the business cycle, we remain focused on winning with our customers and keeping them at the core of everything we do, a great strength of the heart of the 3M culture. As a result, we are well positioned to lead out of this slowdown, and deliver strong growth and premium returns as our markets recover. Thank you for your attention, and we will now take your questions.
Mike Roman: Andy I would say when you look at Q3 versus Q4, Q4 has a very similar dynamic to Q3. You start with industrial production GDP, they're pretty much in line quarter-to-quarter. We, as I said in my remarks are still anticipating some that slowing in China automotive and electronics could continue through Q4. So that outlook continues to remain the same. I would say our view of Q4 is on the top line, much like Q3 and with a range around it. And then we are and our focus continues as you expect to focus on execution. There are growth opportunities, that 70% that has positive growth in Q3, there are growth opportunities there, so we're going to be pursuing those aggressively and there are much of health care as part of that.
Mike Roman: Sure John. Yes, just maybe kind of look across all those starting with automotive, so automotive the build rates are still negative and actually, I would say, the projections, they were worse than the projections maybe bit better than what we saw in the first half but still negative and so that was something that is an update to how we look at the second half of the year, I think we had a more conservative view of the overall projections. And so we are planning for this. We did see additional channel reactions to those negative build rates. We had talked about in the Q2 call that we thought a majority of the channel response to the decline in automotive and electronic more broadly took place in the first half of the year, but we did see some additional adjustments, a big part of that in I would say in China, but more broadly than that as well.  Electronics continued to be a drag in terms of end markets, they were negative growth as well. There's some signs out there that people are optimistic it’s going to improve. We have some early indications that semiconductors is looking like it might start to improve. Certainly there's been some good consumer electronics, OEMs and brands that have talked about increasing sales. We've yet to see that necessarily play through the supply chain for us, but it's, I think the Q3, Q4, what I said earlier to Andy's comment, we see auto electronics and China kind of in line between Q3 and Q4. So we haven't seen that what we call a bottom and an upturn yet, although there are some signs in electronic side anyway, that there's an outlook for improvement coming.
Mike Roman: So, Julian, I would start with just this remains a very attractive business, the end markets are very attractive with some strong growth trends, the demographics play well here. So, as we look forward, we see that as a strong growth driver for us. If you look in the quarter that the 2% growth, it was positive across nearly all of health care and it was led by good growth again in Health Information Systems and food safety, strong growers. Medical solution was up low single digits. The headwind that we faced with separation and purification, as you talked about, and that was primarily due to elevated channel inventories in a few areas of the world. And one of those is China, where we have a significant separation purification business, so that was the headwind, we did have both drug delivery and oral care. We're up slightly in the quarter and we expect drug delivery to continue to improve sequentially as we go forward and oral care continues to grow strongly, globally we saw some softness in the U.S. And we think the strength globally will carry us to better growth as we move ahead. So the overall markets have strong portfolio and the medical solutions business getting stronger with the integration of Acelity. By the way, the results in health information are reflecting some of the early synergies that we're getting from our M*Modal acquisition bringing those teams together that's really starting to play out in the market for us as well with our customers. So I think we do see it improving as we go into next year.
Mike Roman: And Julian I would just as Nick said, we're executing well against our plan for the restructuring actions. Our teams are also responding to the dynamics that we see in the market and I think you see good operational and cost discipline as part of every business. So those are both playing through.
Mike Roman: Andrew I’m probably not ready to get the forecast. But I would say what you talk through just automotive electronics and you think about broader across what we've been talking about in our businesses, absent a recession and or some other major downturn in the markets in 2020, we expect to have positive growth across the company. You'll see know, at least in a year-over-year comparable improvements, less headwinds in automotive and electronics. As I talked about earlier, we're seeing some early signs that we might have some upside in electronics going forward, though, that has to play out. Right, we are focused on Q4 and Q4 will tell us a lot about what to expect certainly in early 2020. But absent a recession, we expect to have positive growth.
Mike Roman: Yes, I will talk about the four end markets in electronics broadly that are -- that we talked about when we talked about driving our growth, consumer electronics, we saw softness in that, continue to come through in Q3. Factory automation, there's no sign that that's turning around at this point, and that that also remains soft. Auto electrification, we saw lower build rates in Q3 in electric, in automotive electrification related platforms and make some models and so that was impacted by the overall auto build rate. And so that was that we still had some growth in our auto electrification portfolio, but not as strong as we had seen earlier in the year. And then semiconductor, I would say it declined into the quarter but as I said, there may be some early signs that we’ll see that pick up as we go forward. So, that's kind of the view of the four. So literally three of them were soft in the quarter and our frame is to, that's the outlook for Q4 as well.
Mike Roman: We’re always looking at the long-term plan versus what we see in the markets, and I think as we get a better view of 2020 we will incorporate that and then we'll come back to.
Mike Roman: Well, John, it’s definitely we think it's the right thing to do this year. So we have a really clear  view of what we saw in the quarter as we start the year. We think we can give a better outlook at the earnings call. We did it last year, too. And the dynamic was similar. We saw changes in the end markets coming and we thought it was a better place to give, I think just better quality outlook for the year. So we're going to do it again this year.
Mike Roman: Sure, John. IPI as I said earlier, IPI is kind of similar Q3 to Q4 worldwide, but the U.S. we saw significant decline in IPI and a revision down into third quarter and Q4 actually is projected to go negative. So you're seeing a broader impact on industrial production, broader manufacturing, we're certainly seeing that and that's impacting our safety and industrial business, our auto businesses is certainly caught up in that. We have good growth areas in much of health care. There's some segments, consumer and retail spending continues to be strong in the U.S. And there's some other segments like construction where we've seen significant growth opportunities, but that broader industrial manufacturing set of markets is weighing on the U.S. results. And then we saw with that slowdown, we saw additional channel actions in the quarter. And so that was part of what you saw coming through our numbers, especially our safety and industrial business.
Mike Roman: Well, I would say as we've talked in the past channel tends to react pretty quickly. So we it's early days in October, we'll see if there's additional reaction there, but I think I would say what I said earlier that Q4 and Q3 kind of in line and October starting out as expected.
Mike Roman: Deane, I would add that and we had a plan coming into the year to take down inventory significantly. And follow on to our go live in the U.S. last year, August. We have built inventory ahead of that. We talked a lot last year about what customers did Q2 to Q3, but we built inventory to manage through that. We didn't take all of that out by the end of 2018 and had a plan to do that in 2019. And so what you're seeing part of significant part of what we're doing is that plan and executing it while we see a slowdown and are having to manage our operations against that slowdown.
Mike Roman: Yes, Scott, I would say, really what I was talking about this, this big part of our inventory actions this year are follow-on to our go-live in the U.S. and that we don't see that impacting our service. That's getting us back to where we should be. And I would say we what I highlighted in EMEA and Canada as we get deployed end-to-end, we actually see additional benefits and we can get more efficient and manage cycle times differently and days of inventory outstanding will go down and service will go up. And so we're seeing that kind of virtuous combination. So I don't nothing we're doing is putting at risk service. And I would say it's a indication that we're moving forward and getting a position to have better service at lower inventories.
Mike Roman: Well, when you go through distribution across a number of our models, they're all getting more efficient, they're driving out structure and cycle time as well. So I think some of what you see in inventory reductions in the channel is just them driving more efficient models. Big part of it this year is the slowdown in the end markets. But in general, I think you're seeing all supply chains get more efficient, at least the ones related to us. We are seeing them get more efficient inside our four walls and then with our channel partners as well.
Mike Roman: Joe, we are always evaluating our portfolio. It's an ongoing process. It's one of the things as we built to become a more active Portfolio Manager, it's really become an active ongoing process and we're focused in that, as I've shared in the past that we're focused on optimizing the value of our portfolio, on an ongoing basis and looking at everything from what we do with our organic investments to where we focus our acquisitions, and what we do with to optimize all parts of our portfolio, including divestitures. And we showed examples, again, where we were, when we identified parts of our portfolio that we could create greater value by divesting them, we're ready to take those actions. So I think it's, I think of it as a very active portfolio pipeline on an ongoing basis and something we top priority for us.
Mike Roman: To wrap up, I am pleased with our team's progress in the third quarter, which demonstrates the strength of the 3M model and our ability to perform across the business cycle. Moving forward, we are focused on delivering greater value for our customers and shareholders building on the momentum from our execution and results in Q3, driving strong cash flow and improving growth. Thank you for joining us.
Nick Gangestad: Okay, Andy, quite a bit you asked there. First of all, we are I am very pleased with our margin performance in Q3. When we strip out the gain on our divestiture nearly 24%, and we're seeing productivity actions that we’re taking gaining traction. And at the same time, we're continuing to lower our production volumes and inventories with our focus on improving cash flow. So very pleased with that. Now when we look at what's going on in the margin performance itself in the quarter, there's about 150 basis points that we lay out that's negatively impacted from organic growth, inventory reductions and other items and about a third of that headwind is just directly related to the lower organic growth. And then the remaining two-thirds is tied in with our lower production on lowering our inventory levels. And it is partially being offset and being benefited by our restructuring actions, which are coming in exactly as we expected. And we also had a gain on a sale of some property that will just go into a little more depth on. We continue to do have a portfolio process where we're reviewing our assets that we have in place looking for are they optimal? And can we be moving to more cost effective operations, we continually do that. And then in the third quarter, we consummated a transaction disposing of an office building that resulted in a net benefit of about 50 basis points to our margin, or about between $0.06 and $0.07 per share. So those are the main things going on in the quarter from a margin perspective. If I as far as next year, Andy, I think it's really too early. We're so focused on delivering 2019. We'll give guidance on that in January.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, thanks for clarifying that, John. So what we're seeing in health care, from year-on-year margin performance, the biggest thing as I said earlier is coming from our M*Modal acquisition and yes, that will start to flip next year. Other things going on there, we're continuing to invest in a number of priority growth platforms. If those are a number of growth platforms that you've seen us lay out and health care has a disproportionate amount of those and we continue to invest in that. We also in the current quarter is some investments we're making as we get ready for the Acelity, as we were getting ready for the Acelity acquisition, that that's, that's part of that. Just from a historical standpoint, we reorganized this business earlier this year, and added our separation purification business to be part of this. And I think, John, we restated and shared with those were on a restated basis for last year and the year before that, the health care business was operating on about a 28% operating income margin.
Nick Gangestad: And Julian in regards to the improved guidance that we're giving in regards to Acelity, we had previously said that in the first 12 months, we expected it to be $0.35 dilutive to GAAP earnings and we now expect it to be $0.25 dilutive in the first 12 months to GAAP earnings. That’s $0.10 better EPS impact is primarily related to lower than expected financing costs. We saw interest rates from the time we announced that to when we actually obtained that financing improve. That's one piece and the most significant piece, we also are seeing better than expected EBITDA projections for that business than we were assuming back in May when we announced this deal.
Nick Gangestad: If I look at this year-on-year, third quarter last year to third quarter this year, we're down about 80 basis points year-on-year. That's the combination of a couple of things. First of all, FX is not having a very material impact on that on as a percent of revenue, because it's, it affects both the numerator and the denominator, not a big change there. The two biggest things, Julian that are impacting that. One is the restructuring actions that we took in second quarter, we're seeing that benefit, the second and that that I see as sustained. The other thing that's impacting that is the gain we had on the sale of the building that I mentioned earlier, that that will not be a repeated action. It's about half and half.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Steve certainly the first year of our five year plan hasn't turned out as we anticipated, and given the slowdown in those key end markets, we've been talking about. We do have parts of our five year plan that are just as a reminder are doing well. We're on strong are on track for strong performance in free cash flow conversion and return on invested capital, but you're talking about growth when we look at growth in the outlook. Our Q4 earnings calls where we'll give an outlook for next year which is really the next indicator of where we are to get back on track with the longer five year plan. It's I think we are taking the right actions, I think it's early to today to give an update on the five year plan, but we'll be looking for the right time to do that as we come out of our guide for next year.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Steve when part of our year-on-year comparison is as you noted, aggressively pulling out inventory out of our own supply chain, we're estimating year-on-year that's having a 150 to 200 basis point negative impact on our margins. So to partly answer your question reaching a point of more stability on our amount of inventory in production that we have in our supply chain. That in itself is in the future going to start to create some of a tailwind to us when we’ve depleted that inventory out. And by the way, we in our guidance here, we're estimating that we're going to take about another $50 million of inventory out of our supply chain in the fourth quarter.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, that's detached from volume. That's looking at what we're getting from prices versus what we're paying for our raw materials. And we really don't factor in a volume component to that.
Nick Gangestad: So the restructuring savings, just as a reminder, we expected an annualized benefit of $225 million to $250 million where we expect $110 million of that to be impact the second half of this year, and that's playing out as we expected and it's almost evenly split between Q3 and Q4. And then the balance of that we expect to benefit the first half of 2020. That that's in regards to the restructuring. As far as Acelity and now you're on to, you're not talking about the GAAP impact, but now from a $0.35 once we exclude the purchase accounting and the transaction and the integration costs, we expect that a large chunk of that's going to be hitting in Q4 right now, all we’ve guided, we expect about $0.15 on a GAAP basis, but on a non-GAAP basis, we're not providing guidance yet. But of that $0.35, we will be seeing that more evenly spread over the next four quarters.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, from a GAAP perspective, it's a $0.15 headwind to us in the fourth quarter and then another $0.10 headwind in the first three quarters of 2020.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Deane this is impacting our cash flow positively. And it's the single biggest driver, while you're seeing us increase our estimate of cash flow generation for the full-year, as we're realizing these benefits of reducing inventory within our own walls. Some of that is in response to what we're doing, responding to what we see a lower, lower demand right now. So that's, that's part of it Deane, but part of it is also that we're seeing opportunities for us to be managing our own supply chain more effectively. And that was part of what we've talked about for the last few years around business transformation. I would say we are starting to see some of that benefit. And that's part of the reason why we have this confidence that we can be bringing down our inventories and improving the cash flow as you're seeing.
Nick Gangestad: The real estate gain that was all in corporate Deane, you're correct on that. As far as interest expense, the total net interest expense came in slightly lower and this will be the last what I'll say low quarter for a while be and this is part of the $0.15 guide. We're saying on Acelity because late in the quarter we issued more debt and we'll be seeing our interest expense increase in the fourth quarter. So we ran, I would say pretty steady interest expense over the last three quarters, we will be seeing that uptick in going into Q4.
Nick Gangestad: Scott, I described it as I'd say both our rating agencies as well as everything else -- everyone else on the equity side as well is interested in what that that will be, it's something they're watching, and monitoring just as we're monitoring, I'm sure same as your monitoring as well, but there's not a specific thing that I know of that they're building in their estimates for that for our rating.
Nick Gangestad: As far as the decrementals between SIBG versus TEBG that I think there's a lot of things in common, Joe actually more than what they're different where they're both seeing volume reductions impacting them as well as taking inventory. And as well as taking inventory out. On the TEBG side, there is also some mixed benefit that's impacting the TEBG numbers a bit more than the SIBG numbers, partly from the geographies in which TEBG sells as well as the businesses where we're seeing the growth versus negative growth this quarter.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, over time Joe, as I'm sure you've observed this to TEBG will have higher incrementals and higher decrementals partly given the fixed asset base that we have there that when things are going up, we tend to see a lot more of that fall to the bottom line and when things are going down, we'll see more of that, that flow. So it'll tend, it will follow what's happening with our volumes in the coming quarters Joe.
Nick Gangestad: That was 150 to 200 basis points impact based on our year-on-year change in inventory levels and throughput that we're putting to our factories.
Nick Gangestad: So Nigel, part of that analysis is looking at how much we built inventories in the third quarter of 2018 compared to how much we reduced inventories in the third quarter of 2019. And in the third quarter of 2018, we were still building inventories fairly substantially. And that's now slipped. So all of that 150 to 200 will not pull forward into 2020 because some of it is a statement on the benefits we were getting in 2018.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, so some of our businesses and that as we look geographically, Asia-Pacific is one of our higher margin places. And EMEA is one of our lower margin places, so geographic mix is having an impact on us. On the EMEA side, you're accurate in saying, it is our lower margin parts of the world. However, I will point out and thanks for bringing that up. We've been on a journey of rate increasing our margins there. And we are very pleased with the progress we've been making in 2019 on our progression to moving our West European margins up to 20%. 2019 has been a substantial step towards reaching that by 2020. And we were highly confident will be there by next year.
Nick Gangestad: It depends on whether you're asking about margin or EPS. We continue to have a number of unrealized gains that if currencies stay where they are. We'll see those gains flowing through in the next two years from our hedging. Right now, I'm not willing to say whether I think it's going to be a benefit or not because there's just too much volatility in the FX market to say but if you look at our 10-Q that we’ll be issuing, we lay out here is the amount of unrealized FX hedging gains that we will unwind in the next year or two.
