Inge G. Thulin: Thank you, Nick. As I look across our enterprise, I am very pleased with our performance in the quarter and throughout the year. As a result, today we are increasing our expectation for 2017 in terms of both organic growth and earnings per share. We now anticipate organic growth of 4% to 5% versus a prior range of 3% to 5%. With respect to EPS, we expect earnings of $9 to $9.10 per share, versus a prior range of $8.80 to $9.05. This is a 10% to 12% increase year on year. And as you can see, we continue to expect strong performance in terms of both return on invested capital and free cash flow conversion. With that I thank you for your attention. And we will now take your questions.
Inge G. Thulin: Well, first of all, good morning. I think to talk about the five-year plan is maybe difficult, and that's the frame you put it into. But I will say that it's maybe on the high end versus what we thought when we lay out the plan originally as we stand. You can also see that we have a range now that we move from. We've gone from 2% to 5%, then 3% to 5%. Now we are 4% to 5% for the year. And we have very high confidence as we move into 2018, which we will talk more about on December 12 in New York. But I will say that generally speaking, the execution of our commercialization programs are going very well for us. And it's broad-based, which is very, very good. So I think it's – I think about 4% to 5% for the remainder of this year. I would think more about on the high end of the 4% to 5%.
Inge G. Thulin: Yes. Well, first of all, I think always on Electronics & Energy as a business group, we have, yes, to take a step back and really understand what we have done from a portfolio perspective. And that is something that we all see as we take actions. What is not so visible if you're not right in the industry day by day is also how we have shifted and accelerated some investment to faster growing segments. So I think that's an important element for us to think about. Now on the platform for consumer electronics, we are very global. So for us, we are adding penetration on a global base in most of those devices. And it's going very fast. I will say specifically on the China OEM in terms of the pickup. And if you think about that, demand there for performance, quality, and functionality is exactly what we are all about. So that means that we are growing very fast on those platforms. So we are doing better there than we had estimated, which is a positive things. I think also in terms of growth, semiconductor, of course, we are part of that growth. And I will also say the shift in terms of us focusing more now versus three years ago on data centers, on automotive electrification, on energy grids is driving this growth. So if you think about it, just to give you facts, the base where we came from was a market that had a size of $60 billion, that had a growth of 1% to 3%. We're continuing there. But we have shifted during the last couple of years to market size that are $12 billion but have a growth rate to 10% to 15%. So I think that is the answer to what we are doing there. And I would say there the fact that the growth is coming, the margin are expanding, we are more relevant to our customer, is a big credit to that business group of what they have been doing.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah, I think so. It is. It is. But again, when you have technology conversion, you can have ups and downs in between quarters. But if you look upon the total business, we will continue to do well.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah. Well, there's nothing going on. As you know, we have made a commitment to increase investment in research and development from 5.5% historically, closer to 6%. We are normally just running at 6%, so it's nothing abnormal going on there. But it's not the move to commercialization from those activities. We are very committed to research and development. And for us, science, technology, and sustainability is key driver for us as we move forward and as have been in the past. So there is no shift from R&D to commercialization. Commercialization, that's where we invested those additional $104 million for the year, when we expected 50 basis point to 100 basis point growth. And as you see, it's coming. So we're very pleased with that.
Inge G. Thulin: Yes. First of all, we have invested for quite some time in Health Care. And I think for Health Care specifically was the first business where we made additional investment that we broad based called core search. And that's paying off. And a lot of those investment was of course in developing economies. And we can see broad based that that's paying off. And we had – in the developing economy for the quarter, Health Care grew 12%, but they also grew in developed 6%. So our base is very strong in developed, specifically in United States and in West Europe. And we continue to grow very, very well there. And then you can see that the developing economy is coming as we planned. So I will say when we have talked about the range of 4% to 6%, that's a realistic plan. And then we will be in that range as we move forward. I have no doubt about that.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah. Well, you should think about 3M as the price leader in most, if not all, categories we are in. And if you look – if you think about that historically and as we move ahead, it's very much based on our scientifically based business model. So for us, if you think about the new products, the new solution that we are providing, it's all in order to drive improved productivity and/or efficiency for our customers. Our business model is about understanding our customers' business model. We are by definition not a commoditized company. So we don't go in and fight on businesses where price is the primary discussion. We try to go in and make things different versus just making them better. So you do things better. But where the real value is when you do it different. That's also the time when you can drive price. So there is – and as you can see, our commitment to science, technology, and sustainability is continuing that wave forward. And you have also seen the portfolio work we have done here the last three years, four years, five years have been businesses that are more commoditized. We don't think that we can add as much value to them versus other companies. That's also why they have exited our portfolio. So I would say that there will be no change moving forward relative to our strategy around pricing. Now again, as you know and we know, things in between quarters can change slightly. But there is no big change relative to our strategy around pricing. It's very, very important for us. And it's important due to the fact it's part of our business model.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah, of course. If you think about that in terms of the mega trends and what we can do, we have three elements into that area specifically. We are very strong in automotive. We have showed that over time. We are outperforming automotive build quarter after quarter and year after year and within this quarter as well. So our connection into automotive is very strong. We have a strong technology platform in our Electronic & Energy that we then utilize through those contacts in order to build our platforms. And then the other thing that is easy to forget is that we are a global leader in traffic safety. And if you take those elements together, traffic safety, automotive electrification, and pull them together, that's exactly where the trends are going. And there is big platform for us to capitalize as we move ahead. So think about it in that perspective of I will say a certain thing that will – you and I will see today as we drive our cars. But also things that would come relative to the evolution of road safety in the automotive space.
Inge G. Thulin: So first of all, we've been in China for a long time as you know. I think we started our wholly owned subsidiary there in 1984 and have made investment over time. And we have good capabilities in terms of manufacturing there. And we have also a good research and development center there. Now it looked like – and as we had talked about before, that being there is not a shift. But there have been additional investment in China for what we would call domestic markets. So that will for us then benefit Health Care and Consumer specifically. And I think what is happening as we speak is that the consumers in there and the OEMs, they're becoming more demanding on performance, on quality, and functionality and brands. And that is going right into our business model in order for us to be more relevant. So we are capitalizing on that. We have also made additional investment in the domestic markets. Right? So you think about it in terms of everything that is produced and commercialized there. And we grow two times GDP and IPI (43:54) in the last couple of quarters. And we have shifted a portfolio to more Safety also in Health Care. So that's helping us in addition our own initiative. So that's type of, I would say, Chinese mega trends if you like. And then we, in addition, have made a lot of efforts on air quality, water quality, and automotive electrification. So you take that together, growth are coming. And it's very nice to see. So I think it's a focus, a presence and a focus, a commitment under the long term that now has start to pay off I think very much because of demanding for performance, quality, and functionality. And then as you say, brands are becoming more and more important. If you take air quality in China, it's equal to 3M. 3M stands for air quality in China. So that's actually our brand in China. And if you travel into China and you do some interviews, they will like to talk about respiratory products, about our things in filtration, et cetera. So I think it's coming back to brand awareness and the quality and functionality we're able to provide in the country.
Inge G. Thulin: Well, we have our Senior Vice President from Research and Development that are managing the overall structure relative to how we do things. And there is very little duplication. And if you think about the science based off it, research and development, you think about research, there is four centers around the world that are doing the research. There's only four of them. Then you have – locally you will have capabilities for development. And that's a combination of the local business and the global division in order to manage that. So there is not duplication. And some time – to be honest, some time you can see duplication. But it's very, very seldom. And I think the advantage for us is sometime when someone is on something and find a solution for local market, we can replicate that other places. So will there be duplication sometime? Yes, I'm sure there will. But it's not much at all. And I think the evidence is there in terms of the outcome or the result.
Inge G. Thulin: But I think important, John, is there is no channel fill by definition. We don't see anything in the channels that is abnormal for us. So I think that's important to put in place as well.
Inge G. Thulin: Well, I think first of all, the pipeline for all businesses is very good. And as you correctly have illustrated it, we have done acquisitions in Safety & Graphics specifically but also in Health Care, even if they have been smaller. I'm now talking the last couple of years. I think Safety & Graphics as a business group now, we had Capital Safety added in and now Scott Safety coming on the base that we have for our very strong franchise in personal safety. We're in a good position there to continue to accelerate that growth. And I would say that we have interest in all five business groups in order to do some additional thing. But as I said, we have now to make sure in Safety & Graphics that we focused everything in order to execute the implementation and integration of those businesses. But more than that, we are open to see where we can add businesses, that is strategically important for us and that are aligned with our four fundamental strengths, which is technologies, manufacturing capabilities, geographic reach, and brand equity. So if we can drive a faster return and fast return for ourself to those four fundamentals, and they are in a strategically good position in our portfolio, we are very interested.
Inge G. Thulin: I think always there – it's not now. There's always – whenever you talk about that, there is always a limitation to it. Right? There's – and I think it's important for you to really decide on where would you like to make it strategically. Right? So you can see some of the acquisitions we have made, we have looked upon the real value it can add to use. And then we have paid for it. Right? We are – in my mind we are world-class company. We are interested to buy world-class companies that we can integrate and drive forward. So then you need to pay a little bit more, but not too much.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah, I think you're right. That, first of all, we've been in this business for a long time. It's a very attractive business to be in for reasons that we all know. The aging population trend, et cetera. I think the important thing is that you're able to provide at least two things. One is a benefit for the patient. And second, a benefit for the provider. And our portfolio is still right into those two things. That is what we do. And when you can add value even in an area like Health Care, which is very different than Industrial, you will be able to win in those segments. I don't know if you know, but I know that I was part, myself, of Health Care back in Europe in the early 1990s, 1991 to 1995 specifically. And there was a lot of pressure then through the German health care act. And what we had to do then was just, again, to prove the value for patients and for the provider and ourself, to be very efficient in the model in terms of manufacturing capabilities and logistics. And that's what we are doing. So when you look upon that specific business in terms of our growth rate, our margins, our cost of goods sold on SG&A, it's almost a perfect model for how you should do business in my mind. And you look upon that and you compare that to Safety & Graphics, they are soon at the same point. Not as high margins, but you can see the growth rate and very respectable margins of 25 plus percentage. It's again businesses that are regulated, it's about safety, it's about making sure that the patient or the worker always get the best. And people pay for that. And if you see Health Care, the acceleration we had in developing economy was 12%. The issue in developing economy is never quality, it's money. And as soon as the money is becoming available, 3M is one of the first products they will purchase into the system, based on key opinion leaders around the world writing papers of what is the best outcome in the treatment for patients.
Inge G. Thulin: This is good commercialization and market demand that we capitalize on. On sell-in and sell-out is often talked about relative to the retail and consumer lines. And there was no difference in this quarter for us relative to sell-out and very much the same in terms of sell-in as well, specifically in the office supply channel. But there is nothing here in terms of us pushing something into the system in terms of any specific activities. As and I said earlier, we – our business model is around creating value for the end customer and for the OEMs in the industry. So there is nothing else here that is pushing the growth up. And as you can see, it's broad based. If you think about we have EEBG [Electronics & Energy business group] of 13%. We have Health Care of 7%; IBG [Industrial business group] and Safety/Graphic at 6%. And then Consumer, 2%. And you look upon geographically, APAC, 13%. And if you take out Electronics, it's still 8%. And then you have Latin America/Canada at 5%, United States, 4%, and Europe/Middle East/Africa, 4%. So it's broad based and it's all businesses, which is very, very encouraging for us.
Inge G. Thulin: Yeah. Well, if you – relative to the two divisions, if you start with the division in Safety & Graphics, that's a division that have a very strong precision with films that is one of our core technologies. If that is – in this case, is film for decoration, for brand equity building, but it's also the same type of I will say equipment and asset we are using for all our light management businesses. So that's a business that is very strong for us. And if you look upon the underlaying capabilities in order to produce those product, that's core to 3M. So there is no question around that business. And there is no question about office and supply either. That is where you have the Post-it. That's where we have the Scotch Tape, et cetera. So those are brand equity big businesses that we earn good money with. And our customers are on very, very good margins with them as well. So if you think about that from a perspective, also those businesses in stationery products, they are based on technologies that are very solid for 3M as an enterprise. So there is not even a question relative if they belong to 3M or not. So that's that answer. In terms of building out technology platforms, we have 46 as you said. In some cases, if we need to build out something, we will look upon that. And I think the latest – we have a couple of them during the last couple of years. One is the ceramic business, where we bought one company that in fact had a defense business of around $450 million. So we purchased that. What we really purchased was actually a technology platform that we'll deepen and broaden what we already had ourself in the ceramic. And that that could be used for many, many, many divisions. And we did one in Lebrona (1:09:00) that is a filter capabilities that we built into filtration and non-woven (1:09:07) capabilities, et cetera. So if we see a need to add something that we not can do our self or take too long time for us, we will go out and look for that. But again it's built on the demand from the market and where the market going for the future. It's not us sitting internally and look upon what we are doing and, yes, try to see what we should add.
Inge G. Thulin: Thank you. To wrap up, our team executed very well across enterprise and delivered another strong performance in the third quarter, including robust organic growth, increased earnings per share, and rising margins. The 3M playbook is working, and we are well-positioned going into 2018. Thank you for joining us. And I look forward to seeing you all in New York on December 12 for our outlook meeting. Have a great day.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yes, Julian, thanks for that question. I would call what we're doing in the third quarter as a really good example of our business model in action, where we have good organic growth, strong margins. And at the same time we're taking actions to position 3M for future success. As you mentioned, earlier this year we announced we expected to incur between $0.60 and $0.65 of strategic investments for the full year. And we're tracking right in that range. And those strategic investments include things we talked about at the beginning of the year for core growth platforms, but also actions to be improving our footprint and addressing our portfolio. All of that part of the 4% to 5% organic growth outlook we now are seeing for this year. We are making good progress on that in 2017 to better optimize our manufacturing supply chain footprint. And I'd point you back, Julian, to what we laid out when we – in March of 2016, about a plan to be investing between $500 million and $600 million over the course of a few years to ultimately generate $125 million to $175 million in annual benefits by 2020. So for the full year 2017, that $0.60 to $0.65 range does include the charge related to the debt tender that we'll be incurring in the fourth quarter. That has been part of our thinking. And we closed that tender in October, hence that charge coming in Q4.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Most of that 30 basis points, Julian, is coming from raw materials. The pricing, as I mentioned for the total company, flat, or if I exclude Electronics, up 20 basis points. We're seeing that core underlying price growth growing as the year goes on, excluding the Electronics. So we're seeing Q3 as a quarter where our price strengthened. But the majority of that 30 basis points is coming from raw materials. And let me just elaborate a little more on that, Julian. The core underlying market we're facing for raw materials is certainly toughening. We are not seeing the underlying market creating that 30 basis points of benefit. That 30 basis points of benefit that we see hitting our financials is the result of work and projects that we're doing to take out raw material costs and the prices we're paying. So example, raw material substitutions or product reformulations to take out those raw material costs. That's the biggest thing driving that 30 basis points you're seeing.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: So, Steve, when we say sustainable for Electronics & Energy and the opportunities that we see there, we continue to see opportunities for penetration in consumer electronics. As Inge mentioned earlier, we continue to evolve our technologies to grow our relevance in consumer electronics. But even more importantly, we're repositioning our portfolio to be going after faster growing market opportunities in Electronics & Energy. And those are places where we're seeing the results of our actions paying off, where we're seeing growth occurring there. Places like automobile electrification. So Inge said a few minutes ago, we'll always see some ups and downs based on what's happening with underlying consumer demand for electronics. But the – what you're seeing now is our business model really working, of us going after the higher growth markets.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Hey, Andrew, excuse me. I'll just add one thing. For the year, we're guiding Health Care 3% to 5%. And with the results we're about 4% growth through the first nine months of the year. We see ourselves solidly in the 3% to 5% range for 2017. Now and of course in the longer term, as Inge was just mentioning, the 4% to 6% is how we see growth in that business.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah. Andrew, we have been seeing slight incremental improvements in pricing in the U.S. And we continue to see that improving into the future. I wouldn't call it any kind of pullback on our part that's causing that to happen. It's in – it's a pricing environment where we see our business model, one where we have increased ability for price growth there. As far as 2018, I'm not ready to declare an up or down on that one. We'll talk more about that on December 12.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah. For the total year we're on track for the total investment spending. We ended up having $40 million, mid-$40 million for investment spending for the third quarter. It's roughly a 50/50 mix of some of our footprint actions and the accelerated growth investments. And we're continuing to execute that plan. It's going according to the expectations we had for how this would play out for 2017. So I see it tracking just as we've planned it for the year.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: In the fourth quarter we expect that to go up slightly to now to be – I can – I'll put in cents, earnings per share terms. That'll be $0.06 to $0.10 or roughly $70 million to $110 million of total incremental strategic investments. That will be more heavily focused on footprint than on growth. Because on the growth side, John, we're starting to lap ourselves with some of the growth investments that we started later in 2016.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah. There is part of that that's the economy. So from an accounts receivable perspective, certainly our growth is the biggest driver of where we're seeing accounts receivable balances going up. On the inventory, that's also a function of the growth. The only thing on top of that I'd add is in the case of our business transformation effort, as we prepare to go-lives in different geographies around the world, one of the things we typically do is build some inventory in advance for our customers to ensure we can have an undisrupted supply chain for them. That's a little bit of what we're seeing right now.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: We don't typically put our price out by business group. And in the case of channel in the U.S., in the office supply channel we are continuing to see contraction there. Just not at the same level that we were seeing in the first half of this year, John.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Part of what we've been doing this year is we have been doing a number of these supply chain footprint actions. Those costs are impacting our gross margin. When we strip that out, we are continuing to see slightly improving gross margins for 3M.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: In terms of our view on supply chain footprint actions, we originally laid out a year and a half ago that we expect between $500 million and $600 million of investments. We have done the majority, more than half of that, in 2017. So there will still be some footprint action expenses that we see in 2018. It will just be on a lower base than – a lower level than what we've seen in 2017. So it'll flip to become a tailwind for us from a margin perspective in 2018.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Joe, in terms of trends that we saw throughout the third quarter and continuing into the first three weeks of the fourth quarter, we're seeing no change in trend. What you may be noticing in our guidance for the year is the fourth quarter will be our toughest comp for the entire year. But we're seeing no underlying deceleration in the trajectory of our sales revenue.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Joe, it was pretty strong throughout the quarter. There was no discernible trend between the different weeks or months of the third quarter. It was very even and strong throughout the quarter.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah, Steve, you know our guidance of what we laid out for leverage over the course of five years. That we expect to add between $10 billion and $15 billion of leverage over that time. We've made progress in 2016 and progress on that in 2017 on that path. There's nothing changing on that front of seeing the capacity we have for adding that leverage.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: From raw materials. Yeah. We think that will – we think that will be flat to some benefit for us in Q4 and probably a little bit of a mixed dynamic there. As I said, we've seen pricing continuing to benefit. So from a price raw material, I think we'll still see increasing benefit from our selling prices. On the raw material benefit, we continue to see that as a tougher and tougher comp for us. Up until now, it's been offset by the projects we're doing, as I mentioned earlier. That will likely sustain. But I wouldn't be surprised if the benefit from that came – the net benefit came down slightly in the fourth quarter.
Nicholas C. Gangestad: Yeah. Deane, I wouldn't say that we're in a position where we're declaring that we've picked up market share in the recent months or quarters. I would say this is a strong global business for us. And we are – we see lots of demand for our oral care solutions around the globe. The U.S. is down slightly in our oral care business. And it's a business where we haven't seen quite the channel fluctuations that you might be talking about. It's been pretty stable for us. The biggest driver for us in our oral care business is our demand in emerging markets and other parts of the world.
