Michael Roman: Thank you, Bruce. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us.  In the first quarter, we delivered strong results that were better than our expectations as we returned to adjusted organic growth and achieved double-digit adjusted earnings growth. We improved performance across our businesses and in our operational execution. We also completed the spin-off of Solventum and finalized 2 major legal settlements.  Our results demonstrate the positive impact of the changes we have made over the last several years. We've also made significant progress in executing our strategic priorities, which has positioned the company for long-term shareholder value creation.  In the first quarter, on an adjusted basis, we delivered revenue of $7.7 billion, including improved organic growth, operating margins of 22%, up 400 basis points; and earnings of $2.39 per share, up 21%.  On April 1, we successfully completed the spin-off of our Health Care business, Solventum, creating 2 world-class companies well positioned to deliver greater shareholder returns through distinct and compelling investment profiles. As independent companies, both 3M and Solventum are better able to tailor their capital allocation and investment priorities to win in their respective markets.  I want to thank and congratulate the teams whose dedication made this major accomplishment possible and wish the entire Solventum team, led by CEO, Bryan Hanson, great success in the future.  In Q1, we also finalized 2 major legal settlements. First, our settlement agreement with U.S.-based Public Water Suppliers received widespread support and participation. It was granted final approval by the court on March 29. We anticipate making total payments with a pretax present value of up to $10.3 billion over the next 13 years. The first payment is expected in the third quarter of 2024.  It is important to note our agreement with Public Water Suppliers addresses the detection of any type of PFAS at any level. This includes PFAS that have already been detected or may be detected in the future, including those that are the subject of the U.S. EPA's recently announced limits in drinking water.  Second is our settlement of the Combat Arms multi-district litigation. As of today, more than 99% of claimants have chosen to participate. This provides us the certainty and finality the settlement was intended to achieve. We anticipate making total payments up to a pretax present value of $5.3 billion through 2029.  We also continue to make good progress on our exit of all PFAS manufacturing. We are on track to meet our commitment by the end of 2025 and are working closely with each of our customers to complete an orderly transition.  In summary, the progress across all 3 of our strategic priorities has helped make 3M stronger, leaner and more focused on what we do best: utilize 3M science to make indispensable products for our customers.  I will now turn the call over to Monish for more details regarding our performance in Q1 and to discuss our guidance for 2024. 
Michael Roman: Thanks, Monish.  Paying a competitive dividend has been a priority for 3M for more than 100 years. This will continue to be true following the spin-off of Solventum. As part of the spin, we distributed 80.1% of Solventum's outstanding shares to our shareholders and post-spin have made the decision to reset 3M's dividend.  As a result, we anticipate a dividend of approximately 40% of adjusted free cash flow. This represents a dividend that is in line with our industrial peers and well above the S&P 500 median with the potential to increase over time.  We expect to seek Board approval to declare the second quarter dividend in May with payments anticipated in June. In addition, post spin, we have stepped back into the market for share repurchases.  Before I conclude, let me emphasize some important points from the quarter. Q1 was a strong start to the year, driven by significant improvements in operational execution as well as the achievement of several major milestones toward our strategic goals, including the successful spin-off of Solventum and the settlement of 2 major legal matters.  I would like to thank our people for their dedication and continued focus on delivering value for our customers and shareholders. Through their efforts, we are well positioned to deliver a strong 2024.  Tomorrow, May 1, I transition into the role of Executive Chairman. I look forward to working with Bill Brown as he assumes the role of CEO.  That concludes our formal remarks, and we will now take your questions. 
Michael Roman: Sure, Julian. I would start with we continue to be a strong cash generator, and we're well capitalized to invest in our business, which is -- continues to be the first priority for capital allocation and also return capital to shareholders, including the dividend that we've been talking about and share repurchases.  And I -- my comment, we're back in the market. The pace will depend on how we view the macro, how we look at our performance, the intrinsic value of our stock. We haven't declared really how we're going to move forward on that. But I -- so well positioned to, like I said, invest and drive the capital allocation priorities that we talk about. 
Michael Roman: Yes, I would think of it as a guide of how we're thinking about it. The approximately 40% of adjusted free cash flow, that's the way the Board -- that's the guide that the Board is looking at as we go forward. So I -- that's where we start as we go forward with continuing operations. That's the best way to think about it, Nigel. 
Michael Roman: Yes. Andy, I would say if you look at inventory in the channels as kind of a measure of that, that's -- I would say it's been reducing some of the inventory in the channel really around improving supply chains. We talked a bit about this last quarter. As supply chains improve, our distributors in the channel are taking advantage of shorter-cycle times and managing down some of their inventory.  There's also a bit of a cautious outlook. Monish talked about a mixed outlook for industrial markets. And if you think about it, look at our results from Q1, Industrial Adhesives and Tapes and Personal Safety, when you adjust for the year-over-year respiratory change, those were both -- they are multiple market -- multiple industrial market-focused, and they are both up slightly in the quarter. So they're seeing a bit of both across their markets.  We have some market-focused businesses like Industrial Mineral as that's seeing strong demand. And then we have some other market-focused businesses in industrial like automotive aftermarket and our kind of our industrial specialties, which was a lot of our products that go into shipping. So the shipping dynamics, the mild winter impacts on auto repairs, those are -- we're seeing kind of the downside of that in some of those markets.  So it's a mixed market. Again, the channel is adjusting, taking advantage of improving supply chains and, I would say, somewhat cautious about the broader mixed nature of those end markets. 
Michael Roman: Yes. Scott, I won't get ahead of Bill and kind of how he's going to think about going forward. You saw our guidance for this year, it's in line with macro. Importantly, when you look at what drives our growth, it's really investing in the business. The organic investments have been the dominant driver of growth for us as a company, and we expect that to continue as we move forward. Like I said in my speech, making indispensable products for our customers, and that means leveraging our innovation, our technologies, our manufacturing capabilities to come up with differentiated solutions for our customers and do that more and more prioritizing our investments. As we've talked a lot about, where do we prioritize investments? In attractive markets, markets that are -- have growth dynamics that are better than the macro. That's kind of the way to really drive this growth strategy forward, and that's how we think about it. That's how we focus. It's important that we really do prioritize leveraging our innovation so that we create not only the growth, but the differentiated value leader in a way we deliver value to shareholders in terms of margins and cash. And so it's a -- that's the way I think about the formula for growth, and it's been the foundation for building the company, and it's a foundation for success as we go forward as well. 
Michael Roman: Yes. Andrew, it's kind of building on maybe my answer to Scott. The macro is an important part of this, and we think about the macro for us -- for 3M is a combination of GDP where we have our Consumer business, and then it's also around industrial production in a broader industrial and transportation and electronics. But importantly, we go down and we really look at the markets that we're part of.  And so driving that growth and, again, the way we deliver on growth better than macro or in line with macro is to pick markets where we can really leverage our innovation and be differentiated and drive our growth out of those attractive markets. And so what is the driver of it? Maybe if you don't do this well, that's your impediment question is to really prioritize those attractive markets where you can -- where we can deliver differentiated 3M solutions. That's the model that will drive us forward. 
Michael Roman: Yes. Andrew, just talking about the change, so this was part of the restructuring -- actually was part of the model change that we've been making, really focusing on leading through our businesses globally and prioritizing where they -- the most important parts of their business and looking at what's the best model to put in place. And so geographic prioritization was the way we termed it. And so we focused on some of those smaller countries that we operate in. We talked about approximately 30. We've launched this in 27 countries at this point. It's really a model to move to an export model. And we do have to -- it's much more than kind of the way we've talked about on the headlines. You have to set up a successful model. You have to set up a model to support distributors. You're changing from the traditional 3M model in those countries to an export-driven model. So it's important that we not only have capabilities in region, but globally to support that kind of model in those countries. It's also important that we have a strong governance everywhere we operate around the world. So we continue to focus on advancing our governance model as we make those changes. So it is much more dimensions to the change. We're off to a good start and successful with that. We call it a revenue impact this year because we're switching to an export model. And so we're driving a different price model with our distributors. But that is going to continue to drive, I think as it succeeds, will drive very good performance for us on a go-forward basis. 
Michael Roman: Yes. Joe, what we talked about in the results for TEBG in the first quarter in electronics, these are spec-in wins on some of the mobile platforms. And so the inventory, it's getting ready for the demand, really the demand that they're seeing into the second quarter. And at this point, it's really -- that's the step-up. And then there's a portion of it that's inventory kind of filling into the value chain of those OEMs. But it's -- the bigger part of it is the spec-in -- for us, anyway, the bigger part of it is the wins in the spec-in side of it. 
Michael Roman: Sure, Jeff. Bill is, as you would expect, getting ready to step into the role. He's been engaged with myself and senior management and the Board since the announcement. But he's really -- his part is being informed and getting ready to start, as you said, tomorrow. He's not part of the decisions on what we've laid out here in the earnings call today. So he starts tomorrow. Bill starts tomorrow, and I look forward to working with him as he does. 
Michael Roman: Yes. And Joe, as I said in my comments, we work with each of our customers as part of the transition. I would say there's kind of 3 alternatives for them. One is PFAS from another source. A number of the applications, many of the significant applications, they're challenged to find an alternative. So that's what they're looking to do is source PFAS from another supplier. The second one is perhaps there's a chemistry that has similar properties that isn't PFAS, and you can move into that. We're exiting PFAS, and we're not going to move into other chemistries. They'll be durable and persistent to meet the requirements of these applications. The one area where we can help and what we're doing for ourselves is working to discontinue the use of PFAS in our products. And we're engineering them all. We're designing them. We're on them. And there's a number of applications our customers have where that's very difficult to do and challenging, and they don't know a solution today. But for us, the majority -- the vast majority, we're already worked through solutions. So that's something that we can help customers with, and we are. We're helping them look at the alternative ways to design and engineer their processes and products. 
Michael Roman: Yes. There are certain, I would say, EPA responsibilities that would come with CERCLA designation. We, at this point, we don't anticipate an impact on our ability to serve customers. And we'll -- as we better understand all of those requirements, and we're committed to meeting and complying with the requirements under CERCLA and the EPA guidelines. 
Michael Roman: Yes. Deane, we are -- as I've said a number of times, we're proactively managing this, all aspects of the PFAS dynamic. And as soon as we can get to probable and estimable, we will take the reserves. And we'll keep you informed, and I would refer to our SEC filings for updates. 
Michael Roman: This concludes my last earnings call as 3M's CEO. I would like to thank the investors, shareholders, analysts, employees and family who join these calls each quarter. I greatly appreciate your questions and diligence in working to better understand our company. I'm confident that under Bill's leadership, our people will continue to build on the momentum from our strong start to the year. Thank you for joining us, and have a great day. 
Monish Patolawala: Yes. I would say, Julian, so you summarized it. I would go back and say there's so many moving pieces that I would really say first look at first half, second half. And then when you do that, we would also show you that on revenue, we are starting to hit normal seasonality trends.  So on revenue, the first half, second half is 49-51. And then the margin split first half, second half is 47-53. And the reason for that is some of the items that you've mentioned. Part of the biggest item there is the -- is Solventum's first quarter, where we don't get reimbursed for TSAs, and that's driving the 47 to 53.  If you now go into the important factors just into Q2 to make sure that I cover all the points, restructuring charges are between $250 million to $300 million for the year. 70% is weighted to the first half. Similarly, you mentioned it too and I said that in my prepared remarks, we will incur stock-based compensation headwind around $120 million to $150 million.  FX, the stronger dollar continues to remain in the second quarter. So we got to factor all that in. And I would say that's why we've given you first half, second half guidance, there are more details. I know Bruce and the team can walk you through it. But if you start with that, I think you'll get directionally in the zone that we are talking about. 
Monish Patolawala: Julian, I'll answer your second question. When we talk about below-the-line items, we talk about 2 things: mainly it's pension and it's interest expense/income. So I'll combine the 2. So our guide is net expense of $75 million to $100 million or $0.10 to $0.15 per share. Q2, as I mentioned, will continue to benefit from the interest income that we receive from the -- dividend that we receive from Solventum of $7.7 billion. And so therefore, the $75 million to the $100 million guide for the year will mostly be weighted to the second half of the year. 
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So I'll start with the first one, Nigel. As I said, it's 70% weighted in the first half of the $250 million to $300 million range. In the first quarter, at a holdco basis, we did $122 million of restructuring that I've said in my announcement, and then you'll see Health Care was approximately $20 million of that. So you've got $100 million that is on a RemainCo basis. And so the balance is -- so you can get the math. When I come to your next piece on payback, I just wanted to start again, I've said this before, I'll say it again, you have to look at restructuring in total. So when we started this program we said, there are multiple things we wanted to achieve. Number one was we wanted to change the way we work, and the way we achieved that was streamlining our supply chain, getting a shorter path to customers and third was reduce stranded cost, have a lighter center as well as create oxygen to invest in the business. And when we put that program together, that was including holdco. As we have now spun out Health Care, you can see all those items starting to come in, which is margin expansions coming in. And that is happening because of the improvement we have in our supply chain and the way we work. It's happening because we are closer to customers. It's happening because we have reduced stranded cost. When we started our journey and we announced the spin of Health Care, we had said industry benchmark was somewhere between 1% to 1.5% of sales, which is like $400 million to $450 million. And now our dis-synergies from the spinout of Health Care are the $150 million to $175 million, and we're going to keep working that, in some cases, grow into it; in some cases, we'll keep working it down. And you've seen we've been able to do that. And at the same time, we've created oxygen to invest in the business. And Mike mentioned some of the spec-in wins that we have got in TEBG. We have continued to invest in CBG. In a downmarket, we have done the same with SIBG, and we had over 30 new launches across the company in the first quarter. So that's the way I would look at it. On a payback basis, I would tell you that we are still continuing to have very good payback. And in fact, we were able to accelerate some of our restructuring actions as well as get some onetime gains like property sales in Q1. So overall, look at the total margin, 200 to 275 basis points up on a year-over-year basis, which is a reflection of all the actions the team has taken. 
Monish Patolawala: Yes. I would say, first, we are thrilled that we've got the spec-ins, so that's a big positive. As I said, 2/3 of the total, 6.7%, that's approximate. We don't have the perfect number. We believe it's partly driven by inventory normalization both in auto and electronics, plus customers starting to buy ahead as they start building for end markets or consumer end markets. What I would tell you is second half is so important for the consumer electronics business, and we are watching that trend. If there is a big pickup in consumer electronics, we will definitely grow with it because we are now specced in to many more devices than before. So that -- I would say second half is what we are watching, but this is where we see it right now. And then on semiconductor, our view is we saw the first quarter slow, and we believe that this will pick up in the second half, Andy. And that's what we are watching there, too. All indications keep saying that it's going to get better, but we are watching those trends. 
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So there were so many facts that were put together, Scott. This is one of them on how these profiles were scheduled. So there's no particular reason to give it out to you. This was a lot of factors, pluses and minuses that put the whole agreement together. 
Monish Patolawala: It also helps us -- to add on to Mike's comments on pros, benefits, you take a lot of structure out from those countries, that also has benefited us on the margin line. It also helps us focus our portfolio. Like what are we going to sell? And therefore, it's SKU rationalization that once you get through this, you will have a different inventory profile that support those smaller countries. So they're still very important countries for us. In no way are we walking away. It's just a different way of approaching them. 
Monish Patolawala: So try me again on the first piece of the question because I didn't follow exactly. But I'll answer your second one. So the $250 million to the $300 million is embedded in here, and that's on a continuing ops basis. So that does not include Health Care. 
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So I think that there are 2 pieces to this. One is the dis-synergies of Health Care, which on an annualized basis right now, we think it's $150 million to $175 million. And then the second piece of this is, as I've mentioned, there's $250 million of cost that we hold on behalf of Solventum for which you get reimbursed in April 1 onwards. So you eat Q1 with no reimbursement basically.  So if you look at our Other segment, Joe, you will see -- or Other category, you will see a loss of $65 million in there in Q1. And that's basically, we don't get reimbursed for that in Q1. 
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So if you look at all our material that we have submitted, you will see historically what we have broken out is from our GAAP results, there are certain items that we have been adjusting to get to adjusted results, which is litigation expenses. Number one. Number two is PFAS because we've been exiting -- we've been showing PFAS as an exit. And number three was all the costs incurred to spin out Solventum or the Health Care business.  So it's the same construct there. And as always, Steve, if we decide to change something, we'll keep you all posted on changes to adjustments. So those are the big ones. And if you see our press release statements or schedules, you will see that split by category in there. 
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So we believe that we are eligible for insurance payments. We have put our insurance providers on notice for PWS and for Combat Arms. And in fact, for Combat Arms, we have -- we are working on an arbitration to recover that. So as you know, these things take some time to work through, and that's what the teams are working on. And we'll keep you posted as soon as we come to know on what that number could look like. 
Monish Patolawala: So there's a little bit of drag next year, but I -- it's not big. I would just say the first half of this year will be slightly heavier than the second. But directionally, I would say, yes, you can use the first quarter as the math that gets you across the 4 quarters. 
Monish Patolawala: Yes. I would just say when we look at it in total is why are we doing these portfolio moves or geographic moves. It comes down to it allows us to do better focus, better prioritization. So at the end of the day, you're going to see it in multiple places. You're going to see better sales growth in other products because we're exiting these and the teams can focus, whether it's ad, merch, et cetera. You will see it in inventory because, again, we'll be able to focus our inventory on the products that we want to focus on. And you're going to see it a little bit in margin. That margin will take a little bit of time to come through. But some of these products that we are exiting are below our average margin. So it does help us lift the average margin. And then as I said on the geographic prioritization side, you get a lot of structure out, which is already embedded in our margin that we are seeing. And we are getting some onetime benefits on property sales that we disclosed this quarter. 
