Mike Roman: Yeah, Scott. So maybe I'll take you back to the announcement of the exit. We said we'll exit all PFAS manufacturing by the end of 2025. We also said we would work to discontinue use of PFAS in our products broadly across the company. That's both in our products, but also in the manufacturing of our products. And I think your question is really on our manufacturing part of that. And we said we will meet contractual commitments that we have to our customers, and we're working closely with them to manage that as we make this transition. But ultimately, also, I talked about that we are not planning and won't sell the businesses and that we will plan to shut them down as we work through the transition as we get to the end of that -- end of 2025.
Mike Roman: Yeah, Scott. So the announcement we made today was 2,500 jobs in manufacturing, really is responding to the volume that we see, the outlook for the volume. And that's -- we're putting a focus on supply chain. We see an opportunity to continue to streamline our supply chain. We hope to take advantage of some of the tailwinds or supply chain’s heel, as Monish talked about. We're taking actions ourselves, and we're looking at what additional actions we can take there. And we're looking deeper in the company as well as we work to prepare for the healthcare spend, we've been looking at 3M ParentCo as well. And how do we simplify, streamline and put our position ourselves closer to customers. So it's really looking deeper and broader. And I think taking actions, proactively taking actions against the outlook we have for our markets.
Mike Roman: Yeah. Andy, back to Monish's comments, we're seeing kind of mixed performance in the industrial markets. We see strengths as we said, as we came through the quarter in areas like electrical markets and automotive aftermarket. We were seeing some moderation in specific end market segments. And the comment about industrial adhesives and tapes and closure and masking is some of that is related to the electronics slowdown. So that's part of that impact. It's also impacted by China. So China has really got a couple of things that are part of the slowdown. One of them is COVID and the interruption in the markets in industrial production and GDP. It's also reflecting the importance of electronics to that market into our business there in China. And we see that continuing those dynamics that we saw in Q4 continuing into the start of the New Year. We saw some moderation in specific segments of industrial. We saw specialty vehicle construction markets. We saw some moderation coming through the end of the quarter. We're off to a slow start as we start the year. There's a couple of areas of destocking really related to those end market segments where we've seen nothing more broad-based than that. We had strong performance across some of those other end markets in industrial. But – we're starting to see some moderating and, like I said, January is off to a slower start for industrial.
Mike Roman: Yes, Andrew, underlying our view of the year is -- the projection for the macro is part of it. And then we're talking about specific markets and dynamics that we're seeing coming through the quarter into -- coming through the fourth quarter into the New Year. So when you look at the macro global GDP, IPI in the 1.5% kind of range is the outlook for the year, you can see US softer than that, you see GDP below 1%, you see IPI even projected to turn negative as we get into the middle of the year. So those are kind of the macro dynamics that we're looking at. We're also looking closely as we talked about in a couple of these market segments. Fourth quarter, you saw this 10% to 30% decline in the consumer electronics build and that is expected and projected I would say, to continue as we get into first quarter and the first half of the year and consumer discretionary spending and the impact on the -- our end markets is -- that was in decline in Q4, I expect that to continue. So the macro is part of it, and we're looking closely at these key market segments and the indicators there. And I think it really says Q1 looks like Q4 and there are some areas of additional slowing. And then we kind of look at the total macro for the rest of the year as we shape up our outlook.
Mike Roman: Andy, there really is two parts to our pricing actions in the near term. One of them is what Monish talked about, we are always really looking closely at our price value in the marketplace. Our innovation delivers value to our customers. We manage our pricing in the -- take advantage of that value and really make sure that we are getting that value through our broader market pricing. The last couple of years has brought in the inflation dynamic, and that's really been the driver. We are taking pricing actions to adjust for the input cost. And so you've got a mix of our innovation as well as the inflation dynamic. And so as you look into 2023, you're -- we're confident we'll continue to position ourselves in strong price value based on our innovation we are going to be managing inflation along with everyone else, how do we see that progressing, and what will we do with our prices, adjusting those if we see additional inflation and managing those as the -- I would say the elasticity in the market around inflation plays itself out.
Mike Roman: Yes. Steve, I touched on a little bit of that. I would say as we began Q4, overall inventory looked to be in pretty good shape. And that was with the notable exception of Consumer. Everyone was working to reduce the inventory, and we saw a lot of destocking efforts in consumer. As I said, we're starting to see some destocking in industrial. I would say, Asia and China, where we are seeing weaknesses in consumer electronics driving some of that. And as I mentioned earlier, some specialty markets like construction and a few other areas like even packaging, we're seeing some reduction of inventory as we start the New Year. When you look at our transportation and electronics business, the consumer electronics OEMs are reducing inventories. With that outlook for their demand, they're reacting to it. Automotive OEM inventory still remains low. It's improving, but it remains low as they're recovering from some of the supply chain disruptions. Health care, overall, looks pretty stable. We see oral care channel reacting to some of the consumer discretionary spending and slowing there in oral care that we saw really in the second half. And then it comes back, the biggest move is in the consumer where our retailers are still aggressively reducing inventory. So some dynamics reflecting some of the changes in demand in the end markets.
Mike Roman: Yes. And Joe, I would add we've been managing that transition and that trend for some time. It's -- and it's part of our innovation that we're doing with our customers, too, innovating on both sides of that, the OLED displays. And as Monish said, the other higher growth segments in electronics, historically, our electronics business has been overweight to consumer electronics. And as we've talked about over the last few years, our strategy is continue to innovate there, and we're working with our customers multiple generations ahead, whether it's OLED displays or other applications, we're really working with them to innovate and drive value and opportunity for 3M in that consumer electronics. At the same time, we recognize the big growth drivers are some of these other higher growth segments. And Monish talked about AR, VR now emerging as one of those opportunities. Automotive electrification, of course, is the largest of those right now. There's other areas like factory automation, and even into electronic, into semiconductor manufacturing kinds of processes. So we are innovating in those spaces and at the same time, looking ahead and managing through the next display technologies and the next mobile device technologies and consumer electronics.
Mike Roman: Yeah, Julian, the way we're thinking about it. And like I said, this is certainly taking on what we see in the markets and in our performance and the supply chain dynamics that we're facing, all of that's part of what we're focused on as we look at these actions as we go through the year, adding to what we've already announced. And then we are thinking and getting ready for the spin off healthcare. We're taking a deeper look, as I said, at everything we do. There's opportunities to streamline what we do as a company in the face of those end market dynamics and our operations. And we're learning from the changes that we've made to this point. So we'll continue to work on that. In terms of giving you a view of the impact of that, that's something we'll come back with as we make decisions and announce those actions, those additional actions as we go through there.
Mike Roman: Yeah, Deane, maybe I'll talk a little bit about just the spin. Monish, can talk about the separation cost model. We have a dedicated team working and building the execution plans. We're making very good progress. We talked about our expectation that we would be completing the spin by the end of 2023, early 2024 and that's the focus for the teams as they work to execute this. You commented on there had been some -- actually, there was a suit in the marketplace around the spin of healthcare and would we be able to complete that. And that was something that was dismissed. And so there's nothing from that dynamic that's impacting us. It's really about our teams working to execute the spin. And as I said, they're making very good progress. We're confident that we're moving in the right direction and moving ahead at pace.
Mike Roman: Yeah, I would say that, Nigel that, the change is that – there's a couple of different changes that we made to the supply chain maybe that you're thinking about. One was we did take actions on some of the structure and really looking at factories, our footprint of factories a number of years ago. And then we moved to – when we announced the change to our business group led model, we went to a common supply chain model globally. And we made some additional steps in that in last year, really to continue to drive more flexibility, greater streamlined performance end-to-end in our supply chain. So, we see it really more as an opportunity to build on the changes we have made and drive simplification, streamline, more productivity, reducing our costs, delivering more directly to customers. So it's continuing to build on some of those changes. I think those actually have positioned us to be more flexible as we go ahead. And there's an expectation that supply chains will continue to heal. So we want to be able to take advantage of those of those tailwinds that we hope to see as we go through the year. At the same time, we control what we control, and that is making additional changes based on what we've learned to, to really execute our performance in our supply chain. It's the biggest opportunity we have to improve margin and cash flow as we go through the year.
Mike Roman: To wrap up, we are focused on creating value for customers and shareholders in a challenging environment. We will continue to take actions to improve our performance, control costs and drive simplification while building 3M for the future. Thank you for joining us.
Monish Patolawala: Scott, just also a reminder, as we disclosed, we said we would take -- the exit cost of this will be in the range $1.3 billion to $2.3 billion. And we took a fourth quarter charge of $800 million, that's included in that range of $1.3 billion to $2.3 billion.
Monish Patolawala: Yeah. So I think two different points in there, Andy. As you correctly pointed out, the carryover impact on what we have assumed right now in the guide is two pieces on the selling price. We said approximately 2% -- at the same time, the carryover impact of both raw materials and energy inflation is approximately $150 million to $250 million. So when you just do that equation together, right now, it's positive. I think what we'll see as we go through is how do supply chains heal and how fast can we get the cost out. But at the same time, it will take a little bit of time as we sell through our higher cost goods to our inventory, you're going to see some of that moderate, but it will start showing up as the year progresses. The key question for us that we have to think through and that's what we are thinking through is, as deflation starts showing up in the economy, the discussion that's going to come up is the elasticity of price across not just our company but across all companies. And what we have found over time, Andy, as you know, 3M so well that our innovation ultimately drives the value that we add for our customers. And historically, we have been able to have a good price cost equation, because of the value that we add for customers. So, seeing what we'll see in 2023 will depend on supply chains and what plays out in the long run, we are very confident that the price/cost equation continues to be green just because of the value we add to our customers.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So, on Consumer -- so you're right, Joe, I'll start with the summary, which is we are expecting that as things stabilize and as customers slow down their destocking, you will start seeing the comps get better in the year. The fourth quarter was extremely hard. And as Mike said, we saw an acceleration of a trend in December. We continue to see that in January, and that's why the first quarter starts pretty soft. But our hope is that as things stabilize, as destocking gets better, as consumer confidence builds into the year, we'll start seeing the consumer business starting to get better.
Monish Patolawala: What -- I would answer and then I'll ask Mike to join in. The way I look at this, Joe, is there are a couple of things. The company has always -- has been looking at the LCD-OLED transition for a period of time. And that transition has been happening for a few years and the team has continued to deal with that as it goes on. What the team is working through is as new devices are coming on, what does that mean from a OLED to LCD ratio to mix. It definitely did have an impact for us in 2022. And then we are seeing what trends we are seeing -- as of right now, the trends we saw, we have predicted into 2023. But with that said, the one thing about the Electronics segment and especially the display teams is they always have a lot of innovation that is out there that helps offset some of these headwinds that come across. That business keeps reinventing itself as time has gone. For example, Ashish and his team have launched products that are used in AR and VR technology, which also hopefully is a growth market in the future, and that's what -- that business is very good at looking at these trends, working these headwinds, and then finding innovation to offset that as time goes. But right now, we have embedded what we think is the trend in LCD-OLED shift into our 2023 guide.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So as I've always said, Julian, first is, volume gives us the best leverage. And what you have seen in Q4 continues into Q1. As we have said in Q4, we took some aggressive actions on making sure we rightsized our manufacturing facilities to help control inventory. Our plan is we will continue to aggressively manage production as a way to -- manage production as a way to manage cash at the same time. So we're not building unnecessary inventory. So that's number one. I think number two is, as I mentioned, there's continued pressure on a year-over-year basis on foreign currency between 3% to 4%. If you look at it versus fourth quarter exit rate, it's pretty much, I would say, flat to what fourth quarter exit rate was. And then the other item, you mentioned the restructuring, but we also have other normal 1Q items that we have from an accounting basis that we take, which is normal in every quarter. And that's why the start to 1Q is slower. But as you accelerate or move through the year, volume and the supply chain healing are the two factors that will continue to drive us to get these margins better. And if we're looking at it on a year-over-year basis, it's all driven by the comps that we had last year, which impact us heavily. So its lower volume in Q1, that's a big driver and volume will be the big determinant on what we think Q1 is going to be.
Monish Patolawala: So as regards to the guide, Deane, as we had disclosed when we announced the spin off healthcare, we currently do not be -- we are thinking of counting it as a special item, so that will be excluded from our ongoing operations. We are unable to predict how much of that will show up in 2023, so we haven't put that in our guide. But when we announced the transaction, we had given you a framework that our transaction cost of spin-off will be somewhere in the range of $1 billion to $1.5 billion, which is a mixture of CapEx and OpEx. The teams are continuing to work that as they go through right now. We've now been at this for the last four to five months. So as we get better estimates around that, we will definitely keep you posted. And then as regards stranded cost, as Mike mentioned, and we had also mentioned it in the last quarter, this is an opportunity for us to look at everything that we do as we are getting ready for the spin. And our goal is to reduce stranded costs as much as we can, and we'll keep working it as we go through it. And we'll definitely let you all know as we figure this out. But the teams are actively working. The teams are staffed and they're doing an amazing job keeping the program on track.
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So I think two different questions and both great ones. So I'll try to answer the first one, similar to what I told Julian. Volume gives us the best leverage. And when you just look at it even sequentially and you adjust for FX, which helped us versus a guide that we had given volumes are going to be flat. We have started very low in the month of January, and that puts tremendous pressure on our fixed cost, number one. Number two, we have a restructuring charge. And then number three, our tax rate is 19%. And then, of course, we have another normal 1Q items from an accounting basis that we take. So when you put all that together, I would say, Nigel, it comes down to volume. Volume is down 10% to 15% on a year-over-year basis. And so that's number one. This is the toughest comp and you have DR and the exit of Russia, both of which we have disclosed in the past. When you apply them at company margin, which is at 46%, that puts pressure also on a year-over-year basis. When I go through the remaining quarter year and as you correctly asked the question, what happens on margins, as you start thinking about we exit some of these comps that are difficult, 1Q being the toughest, volumes will start, our comps will start getting better. The supply chain efficiencies, the actions that we have announced also in 1Q and some of the actions we took in 4Q will all start showing up in the remaining of the year. Again, as I mentioned, some of these items, including cost out from raw materials take a little bit of time as we work through our higher cost of inventory through the system. If you also look at external data, and that's what we can look at because none of us are able to predict what we can in the future, external data says the second half gets better. It gets better in China, it gets better globally. And that's another reason why we are hopeful that as volumes come back in the second half, we should see our own margins go up and our own revenue go up. But with that said, at the end of the day, we control -- we don't control the markets, but what we definitely control is our own actions. And so continuing to drive supply chain efficiency, continuing to make sure that we are being as nimble and agile as we can. Using Mike's words, we are looking at everything. We're being very careful and discretionary in hiring. And 2023 is an important year for year. It's a year that we plan to execute on a lot of our strategies over the last few years, including the spin of our health care and improving our supply chain operations. I just want to end with your question, we are not satisfied with where we are. We're going to continue to look at this. We're going to continue to be nimble and agile as the volume plays itself out. And our goal is to keep building from where we are right now.
Monish Patolawala: For last year, we ended at 82%. As I've said multiple times, the opportunity for 3M's cash from a working capital comes from inventory management and EP. And to answer your question, is it sustainable, of course, it will ultimately depend on the income that we generated depends on how supply chains behave and the capital. But if you just look at the ability for us to use data and data analytics to help drive inventory and working capital clearly exists. In the fourth quarter, the teams did an amazing job to take inventories down, got it down by nearly $250 million. And as supply chains start to heal, this is clearly an opportunity for us, and we're going to keep driving that.
