Anthony Conte: Sure. Pricing, basically, we're seeing kind of stable pricing in line with the expectations and what we've seen over the past couple of years. So no real change in our pricing assumptions from anything we've discussed in the past. And wage inflation, we are talking about approximately 4% is the wage inflation figure that we were figuring in for the year.
Anthony Conte: We don't give specific guidance on any clients. So we're not really giving any specific guidance around UBS. And as far as India...
Anthony Conte: And just to point out, the Q1 over performed, Anil, is really only 1.5%. So you're not talking about, if you exclude the currency, you're not talking about a huge over perform that would drive some really higher expectations for the full year beyond what we've already put in there.
Anthony Conte: We did not. UBS is now below 10%, so it's not a disclosable item. So we're not going to be talking about that top concentration or any concentration below 10%.
Anthony Conte: Really just little bit of growth in those clients. And it wasn't that significant of a move. So moderate growth in there.
Anthony Conte: There is nothing specific that we can kind of talk about in the second half, as Ark said. There's still obviously -- we are looking out. And as you look at the second half of the year, there are still some uncertainties out there, so we're comfortable with the guidance that we put out. We're not guiding to any specific accounts. And as far as pricing, what I said earlier was that we're seeing basically stable pricing with a little bit of modest uptick in line with what we've seen in the past couple of years.
Anthony Conte: Well, I mean operating margin in Q1 was -- it was in range. I mean, we had guided Q1 to be between 15% and 16%, and it was a little bit lower in that range mainly because of the unexpected expense that we mentioned, roughly $1.9 million construction-related expense. So other than that, we guided for Q2 to be in the 16% to 17% range, and for the full year, we still expect it to be in kind of the 16% to 18% range. So really we're not seeing any change beyond what we expected. And Q1 was, yes, a little bit lower in the range than we thought.
Anthony Conte: Cash, yes, the primary purpose for the cash buildup is for M&A. And we do have a pipeline of M&A deals that we're looking at. Nothing obviously, I can specifically talk about. But we do have a pretty robust pipeline of deals. And the second part of the question on SG&A. The first quarter, it was a little bit higher. We had a $1.9 million expense hit SG&A. That was an unplanned and unforeseen expense that pushed us up -- pushes up about half a percent -- little more than half a percent of revenue when you look at SG&A. So that is not going to be recurring. So we will continue to focus on managing SG&A and continue to bring that down as a percentage of revenue, is our main focus.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So India, like Indian part already taken in account in our guidance, so I don't think we can add anything. So we're working together with growing accounts and bringing services from India brought into to EPAM, but I don't think we can give any specifics or numbers or whatever.
Arkadiy Dobkin: First of all, as you can see, we have this quarter positive impacts from FX and its part of our revenue -- our overall performance. Second, it's still beginning of the year. It's still enough of volatility in the market. It's still a lot of unknown and that's exactly what we're comfortable at this point to guide. So nothing else.
Arkadiy Dobkin: First of all, all we can share on UBS in more or less certain terms, is that what we shared in press release when we said about our $300 million plus contract over the next three years. This has worked more or less certain. So right now, we do believe that the account stabilized because we're seeing like that we're not dropping revenue anymore, and we have some good visibility. But at the same time, let's not forget that last year, all this happened just in one month, and we were thinking about one scenario for H2, and then this happened, completely different scenario. So that's why I'm reporting back to being realistic at this point at this stage of the -- phase of the year.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It's definitely second. And we talked about it during the last two calls that we were a little bit light on utilization. So we're just bringing this to normal state.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, I think, we're in the range which we were talking about. And we'll try to maintain as much as possible with the regular volatility, ability [ph] and all of this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We're talking about business consultancy, which means like industry knowledge and understanding. And we're talking about both digital consultancy and technology consultancy, which we definitely need to bring to higher improved levels.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think, it would be similar to what we're seeing right now. We still have a lot of opportunities around this account, but again, it's very difficult to predict what would happen. And there are a lot of opportunities around the second line of our account in financial services and some technology companies plan in tech area as well. So we're optimistic on this, and as you see the result effect of UBS. We're very close to 20% growth there.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We don't see, right now, any specific differences from what we were seeing during the last several years. So -- and we expect it will be very much in line with those previous trends -- we don't know again. That's again one of the unknown in the future.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I'm not sure I can make a picture more clear for you. But in general, it's definitely what's driving the growth. There are lot of hungriness for delivery of good transformational digital services. And for us, it's clearly an area of focus. We have a number of internal metrics which we're testing, hard to measure this, but it's not -- it's a very fragile line for everybody. So -- and on the kind of operational front, we're trying to improve our capability in front offices, and we're putting a lot of efforts to integrate them with our engineering capabilities because we really believe that's what brings the differentiation for us. It's a strong digital transformation of UX skills, together with engineering of complex solutions. And we're trying to get consultancy for components on top of it. But I think, it's a very generic answer, which you probably would expect.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you. We look forward to seeing you all at our scheduled Annual Investor Day, on May 9, in New York City. And thanks for attending today's call. And if you have any questions, David here always to help. And one more time, thank you to Anthony and good luck.
