Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you. I think in our opening remarks, we -- exactly reflecting what was happening from our standpoint. I think, based on the Q4 level of optimism, I would say, and beginning of Q1, we were trying to predict how potential growth for would look like versus conversations and [ standard ] opportunities. So in the second part of Q1, at the same time, we realized that many programs were delayed and some of them were started, but at very different level of the scope. And that was -- put us in a position to not try to predict the future market and economic trends and other things but actually focus on what we see right now and with all this volatility, put our guidance in more realistic scenario based on what we really know. So there is nothing happening kind of -- but we're not losing clients. We're not having some unexpected problems. So there are some more specific trends when we're increasing India share of our delivery. So there are foreign exchange, there are locations and billable hours availability in Q2, and that's -- I can pass to Jason to -- more details. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think it's broad -- there is no specific on verticals. We actually highlighted that there are some vertical, which impacted by decisions which were done practically in previous period. There are some verticals which operate better, like we highlighted healthcare, life sciences as well. Energy for example, in the same bucket. So -- but in general, it's pretty broad, cautions, and again, a number of programs, which we were -- expected to jump start in Q2, delayed or again, were put down kind of in the scope of implementation. But conversation happening, there is no cancellations, but rather definitely delays and slowness in decisions. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we just kind of repeat the [indiscernible]. In general, there is no any kind of dramatic changes. Mostly, it's attributed to delayed decisions and very specific things like if we're talking about Q2, which we have already shared. Billable hours, it's FX, it's multiple parameters, which is calculated one. So the rest of this is in line with what we were seeing before. But again, decisions slow down, and now we try to project exactly what we see versus what we kind of thinking might happen. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we're very satisfied with our progress in India. So -- and by the end of the year, we might be closer to 20% of the total headcount. So it's still going to be the largest -- fastest growing. And probably we'll be on par with Ukraine or maybe larger than Ukraine. So from the quality perspective, we talked about it in the past many times. We invested there firmly, and we're doing this for a long time and India become fastest growing location. I think even in 2021 or maybe even in 2019, I don't remember it now, but it was one of the fastest one like before market went down. So -- and we're also trying to build, and we mentioned today -- like not trying to build. We built significant data practice or built significant digital engagement practice. So we put in all necessary things there to build genAI practice as well. So it's a location, which [ embodies ] all what we see in EPAM traditionally. And that's a differentiation as well because we don't try to duplicate just kind of scale, but exactly the quality which we [ growing ]. So there is different type of competition. At the same time, we also mentioned that our competition for talents there is mostly captive and technology companies, and that continues to be for us as well. So I think, in general, very positive experience, and we think it will play bigger and more important role. While we are very committed to our kind of talent, which we built over the years in Europe and -- yes. As we said before, we probably will be the most kind of diverse from the talent perspective company in our sector. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Like again, there are several clients, which we mentioned already. So -- but in general, I think it's very good, at least from wallet-share point of view. We have visible increase in some of the clients. We have pretty good stability and then saying again, there are some companies, which we mentioned before, which make like long-term decision. And we've seen actually visible slowdown in the execution kind of like when decrease [ capacity ] with us and there are a couple which turned back and starting to growing with us. So I think we're pretty comfortable with what we do in this -- our top 20. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: That's exactly what we say -- we said already, we don't want to predict anymore. So we try to be more kind of pragmatic in this situation. Historically, whether or not -- volatility can change, and demand could be very fast. I'm not sure that it will be very fast in this current environment. But I only can repeat what we were saying before that the whole point for us starting from all this thing during the last couple of years to prepare ourselves well when environment will change. And that's why we very carefully kind of managing all our capabilities necessary for this restart if needed. And I think that's why, in general, we feel very comfortable. The fundamentals then that we're actually becoming a better company from diversification of our risks, from our delivery kind of capabilities and again, the real change will happen when demand will change. And again, that could happen relatively fast, but let's see. I don't have any more opinion right now. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. This is happening, and this is happening not necessarily just when clients come back. It's also happening when clients were going down and now become comfortable with our kind of [ diversification ] of delivery and starting to come back to us. It's again, it's not huge things, but it's a very positive message.  And another thing that developments, vision to some new locations where we open as well, and that's again exactly not necessarily optically visible for proportional revenue growth because we're doing more work in India. And I think that's exactly what we were plan to do to make sure that we stabilize and that we're protecting our market share and clients. But exactly to your question, yes, it is continuously happening. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we believe the pricing environment did not improve. So -- as the only improvement could happen if demand will go up. So -- and with the current status quo, I think pricing environment is pretty tough and challenging continuously in India. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Just to kind of -- there is no any real impact from ramp downs, which kind of new to us. There is a redistribution of delivery, and we talked about it when there is a switch to lower-cost locations. There are new business, which are faster growing there as well, and this is all related again to pricing environment. So -- but, no, ramp downs, right now, not as a real factor. It's more like a normal -- like it's always would happen. It's happening as well, but in a very normal way. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: We definitely are learning our lessons, and we put much more pragmatic view because, yes, we were a little bit more optimistic in the past when markets will come back. So right now, we're looking at this very pragmatically with a good level of -- strong level of kind of conservatism. And I don't know what to add. So I think that's actually, exactly what is happening. We're looking for the next 90 days, where we can predict it and predict the future based on this. But if by the end of the quarter situation will change, we will start doing this differently. Until, we will say that general conditions is directionally good, more like to one or another direction. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I'll say -- we said before, we do believe that we will be able to put very balanced global delivery capability, as well as from geographical point of view, and equalize as much as possible the quality kind of component of it. With this, it's, again, in our segment and our IT services and specifically and kind of subsegment, which we believe we plan, which is more transformational platform build, complex enterprise solutions. Right now, difficult to miss GenAI, and GenAI-enabled solutions, which we consider it a -- playing, and we'll be playing in the future. And this situation, it's an old factor of change in demand when actually our client base will feel that modernization is not just a shift to cloud, but actually changes the applications, changes the platforms to actually benefit from this with maximum. And this is very different world to me. As soon as this will be happening, then demand for the talent will be equalized as well. And then it will be growing all over the place. And I think from this point of view, very similar to what Jason just said. I think India will be a very big portion of EPAM, but we will be balanced, and demand will be coming to Central Europe and Eastern Europe and Latin America and it would be all about the quality of delivery and kind of value per dollar versus just dollar per hour. And I think it should happen. Still, we were hoping it would happen in the -- kind of sooner. But I think all of us here and vendor side and investor side, I think we all believe that this will turn around because there is no way right now. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: As always, thank you, everybody for joining today. I think we're looking forward for the next call. And I think we're not going to bring surprises next time, at least similar to today. So let's look pragmatically to everything. So fortunately, we didn't have any questions today about genAI and how we're doing there because we're doing pretty good and feel very good about this area, but probably we can spend more time on this topic next time. Thank you very much. 
Jason Peterson: Yes, Bryan, the -- I think what Ark said is that we're -- at this point rather than trying to predict that there's going to be an improvement in demand, we're just taking kind of what we see today, which is still client decision-making is slow, budgets are being partially released, some programs are being descoped. And so we're just not seeing quite improvement that obviously, we had hoped for. So obviously, it was a miss on our part. The one thing that Ark referenced, which we've talked about over the last couple of quarters, but we've now been able to do some more analysis on it is we still see strong sufficient demand for Ukraine, Poland, locations like that. So utilization is still very good in Ukraine, for instance. However, we are seeing more pronounced growth in India. And so what -- in the calculations that we've done over the last couple of weeks, what we're seeing is that an ongoing mix shift towards India, particularly for new engagements is beginning to produce a bit of a headwind in terms of our revenue growth rate measured in dollars. And so that is beginning to show up in terms of a sequential impact and a somewhat larger impact for the full year. Some of that was anticipated when we did the guidance, but my guess is probably not fully. 
Jason Peterson: Yes. So -- and again, it's a calculation, if we -- think of a constant currency calculation, where we go if the mix were the same as in 2023. In 2024, what would the impact be? Again, I do want to confirm that we still have demand for Central Europe and Eastern Europe, but again, a lot of the incremental demand due to client sensitivity is coming into India. It could be something approaching $100 million if you did a constant currency impact on a year-over-year basis. India continues to -- I'm just going to step ahead to the obvious next questions, how profitable is India? Is that a drag on profitability? The cost structure is lower in India. The bill rates are lower in India, but the profitability in India is still very solid. So it's not dragging down profitability by any means. But what it is doing is beginning to produce some headwinds against revenue growth. Some of that, again, would have been anticipated in our traditional guidance or our guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year. My guess is it wasn't fully anticipated. 
Jason Peterson: Yes, Jonathan. So just to -- the question about whether or not we see sequential growth in Q3. The way we have laid out the guidance, okay, really is the seasonal factors are going to drive. And so the Q2 to Q3 growth would substantially be driven by seasonality, which is more available bill days in Q3. 
Jason Peterson: I think we feel quite good about the quality of our India delivery, and we think it's differentiated, okay, our India versus, let's say, our peers or competitors' India. We still feel very good about the quality of our Eastern European delivery. And we clearly have a number of clients who still prefer Eastern Europe, but we feel good about the work that we've done in India to differentiate. And again, we've got good ability to continue to scale the geography, and we have relatively low levels of attrition. 
Jason Peterson: And the feedback that we're getting is that certain clients, although they appear to have budget are sort of slow to begin to activate the budget. And I would say probably if we were to talk to a specific portion of the portfolio, we have feared that at some point, we may see more caution in Europe, and I think that's where we're seeing kind of a relative change in the business. In North America, it does feel like it's stabilized, and we did see sequential growth as we talked about in our prepared remarks. But we're beginning to see some incremental weakness in our European... 
Jason Peterson: Yes, clearly no longer have the confidence of sequential demand improvement in the second half than we had when we released the guidance. 
Jason Peterson: Yes. Maybe what I'll do is unpack, I guess, is the word I'll use, what happened in Q1. So we entered Q1 with the guide that we had, and we expected that we probably could get to the top or maybe a little bit above the high end of the range and had come in with a range that we wanted to make sure that we could make. What we saw during the quarter is that things were a little bit slower than expected, and we did get some benefit from foreign exchange, which I would size at about $2 million and just a modest amount of M&A contribution that was not in our original guide, and that would be about $800,000. To be adjusted for those two factors, we're pretty much closer to the middle point of the range, pretty much at consensus rather than this revenue beat. So things were a little bit slower than we expected in Q1, not much, but somewhat. We have been able to calculate that this India shift even showed up in sort of sequential impact. And as Ark said, at this point, we're just not willing to continue to guide with an assumption that we're going to see improving demand. And we -- but we are seeing stability in the portfolio and probably feel a little bit of improvement if you adjust for the shift towards India. 
Jason Peterson: Yes. And so let me talk about the top 20. So the top 20 does have a significant number of business information and media clients in it. That is a more challenged portion of the portfolio, I would say, due to their end markets, in addition to the client that we talked about over the last couple of quarters that had ramped down in Q1 and again in Q2 as they kind of exit. We -- and again, this is all known, and we've talked about -- okay? But we are seeing some reduction in spend in another business information and media client in Europe, and that is the top 20-client. So those things kind of show up.  And then from a new logo standpoint, part of what's going on in North America is, again, stability in the existing client portion of the portfolio, but we are beginning to see growth in North America in terms of new logo revenues. And then Europe, there's an awful lot of activity, but generally, it's kind of smaller in size from a contribution standpoint. Again, encouraging but obviously not enough to drive the type of growth rate that we had originally expected. 
Jason Peterson: The only thing I'll add to that, similar to what we do in Eastern Europe, we don't seek to be the lowest cost provider in any market in which we operate. Again, we -- differentiated quality in India, and we charge a premium relative to other peers' kind of India rates based on what we believe is a differentiated offering there. 
Jason Peterson: Yes. So in Q2, we've got the lower bill days as we talked about, and that usually does have a depressive effect on margins, and so right now for Q2, I am expecting that we could be at 30% gross margin, or slightly below that, on a non-GAAP basis. I think for the first half of 2024, you'll see gross margins around 32%. And then the second half, I think you'd see margins in the 32% to 33% range, and that would kind of blend us into this sort of 31% to 32%. So again, you'll see somewhat improving margins as we continue to focus on our costs, and at the same time, you get a little bit of benefit from the stronger bill days in the second half. 
Jason Peterson: Yes. I guess it all depends on how you define that. We've never have -- as I think we all know, we had a large portfolio of multiyear maintenance, multiyear BPO or that type of thing. So a lot of our work generally is kind of newer build, digital. And as we talked about, the modernization programs, which we still believe are generally intact but are slow to ramp, in some cases, as Ark indicated, is that people have kind of descoped some of those programs. So we still think that demand is in the future. But arguably, when it comes to discretion, you can certainly delay those programs and expenditures. 
Jason Peterson: So it's not incrementally worse, but it continues to be challenging. It's one of the reasons why there is kind of a bias towards India at the lower bill rates. And the market is -- yes, with, what I would call kind of an imbalance in supply and demand, it continues to be a less-friendly market when it comes to trying to get rate increases for certain. 
Jason Peterson: I think you'll see us continue to invest in India as we've talked on this call. I think you'll see us continue to increase our position in Latin America. I do think, and I implied this, or I think maybe even stated it in our prepared remarks, is that with this kind of budget caution with clients, we are seeing less demand for in-market resources. That continues to be a place where we do have more bench than we would like. So that's a bit of a challenge for us. And again, I think what you'll see us do, at least for the coming couple of quarters is to continue to invest more in, again, India and Latin America. We still think that there's a demand environment in our future for Central and Eastern Europe and also for that market. But today, it certainly continues to be a challenging environment, particularly for the higher cost in market resources. 
Jason Peterson: Yes. So we're really focused on managing that. And again, very careful to make certain that, obviously, our revenue recognition is appropriate and also that we're trying to avoid any potential kind of write-off of AR. So I'm not concerned about that. What we are seeing clients are taking more time to review and make payments and that type of thing. And I assume it's just based on the environment. And so we are trying to manage it, but I suspect that DSO is going to remain above 70 for the remainder of the year. Again, I don't have concerns about it either in terms of revenue recognition or potential write-offs, okay? But yes, I wish we could maintain at 70 or 69 and I think that's a little bit unlikely in today's environment where everyone is kind of managing their cash flow a little bit more carefully. 
Jason Peterson: Well, so we had this -- the BIM customer that we talked about where a competitor has sort of taken over their IT function. And that obviously had a step down on a year-over-year basis as well as a quarterly -- a sequential impact, Q4 to Q1. There'll be another slightly sequential impact associated with that same client between Q1 and Q2. And then we had a large BIM client who is continuing to sort of tighten up their spending. And because they are a large client, if they tighten up their spending, that's certainly reducing the level of revenue that we were generating from them, and it is showing up in our growth rates. I don't know whether I'd call it kind of a ramp down, but certainly, they're reducing the level of headcount that... 
Jason Peterson: Let me comment, and then Ark will probably say something much smarter and more insightful. How I think about it is going to be a trend that we're going to see throughout 2024, but I don't see it as a forever trend. At some point, I think it kind of stabilizes. And I think that we've done a good job of sort of creating a balanced delivery with options or optionality for our clients. And at the same time, I still believe that there's demand for Central and Eastern Europe so far. 
Jason Peterson: Yes. And so it's hard to predict kind of moving quarters at this stage. We've talked about the unevenness or the choppiness or the -- in some cases, we've had programs that we have been awarded and then they either haven't started or as Ark talked about, they've been descoped. We have clients who come back to us and said, "We'd like you to do this, but in a lower-cost geography." And again, all those things kind of impact the revenue growth rate. So again, there is a significant amount of sort of client level and RFP win estimation and all that, but we're just finding that the demand environment continues not to evolve the way we had originally expected. 
Jason Peterson: Arvind, I'm going to be a little short of my response just because we're kind of at the end of the call or past the time. But I would say yes to both. So you will see us continue to do more and more acquisitions that again, are all strategic and do allow us to continue to expand our position, both end markets and in delivery locations. And you will also clearly see us do more buybacks in the coming quarters. 
