Jason Peterson: Yes. So I think your points are good ones. So we continue to experience strong demand for our services, but the compare in the Q4 2018 is a challenging one. I think you'll remember that the growth in that quarter on a constant currency basis was 29% and 26.5% if you strip out the inorganic piece. So it's the highest growth rate since I've been here. We also generated 70% growth rate in the Life Science and Healthcare business and that business actually grew 26% sequentially in Q4. So that is just a -- it's a tough reference point. In addition, what we saw this year is a slightly different pattern in our CIS revenue recognition. Usually, we'd see a higher percentage of that revenue recognized in Q4. This year, we probably saw about $3 million more recognized in Q3 than we would expect based on traditional patterns. So that $3 million recognized in Q3 of 2019, I think, earlier in the year, we would have expected that would probably show up in Q4 of 2019. So again, I think that the guide from a revenue standpoint is a fair guide. And then from a growth rate standpoint, in 2020, we continue to see a strong demand for our services. The demand environment that we see is unchanged from the last conference call. And right now, we're expecting to continue to see a growth rate in excess of 20% in our fiscal 2020.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I would say that's probably specific to EPAM is that, as you would note, most of our growth has come out of Western Europe and North America. APAC, historically, we went to because our clients in North America and Europe had asked us to support their operations there. It hasn't been a huge area of focus for us because we've been driving demand and set our -- supporting demand out of our North American and European customers. And so I think, over time, it'll be an area of focus for us, and you will see greater growth. But at this point, I think what we're doing is we're prioritizing resourcing to support our large and rapidly growing customers in North America and Europe.
Jason Peterson: So just to clarify, all acquisitions, including NAYA would make up about 1% of the growth rate in Q4 of 2019. So it's a, we think, an interesting acquisition. But again, it's more of a capability and play than it is the substantial increment in terms of revenue.
Jason Peterson: Yes, not really. So you certainly see it show up in the numbers, but let me kind of explain to you what you're seeing is, some of the acquisitions that we have do have these small sort of fixed fee arrangements that might be projects that last a couple of months. But what you're really seeing in terms of the change in that percentage of fixed fee in this quarter is we have a large customer that has been growing rapidly, that has -- our pricing arrangement with them involves sort of pricing per team. And so it's based on the component of the team, the size of the team, the skill sets of the team. And so it's very time and materials like, but because the pricing is done on a per team basis, it turns out that it was classified as a fixed fee. But again, it's traditional kind of agile kind of build new development type work. So it doesn't represent anything really different. Just the pricing is like, let's say, a vague variant on the time and materials that does show up in a fixed fee classification.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So from a demand environment, we're not seeing any change from -- really any change from the last quarter. We've done an early prelim, looked at our numbers for 2020 and do believe we'll continue to grow at a rate above 20% and the only sort of callout I have just in terms of overall demand, and this is very consistent with what we said throughout this fiscal year. So this is not new commentary. But we continue to see kind of a -- some pro and some con in retail in Europe. We've got some clients who continue to make investments and continue to grow with EPAM. Other clients who are beginning to slow down their investment levels, and those clients are actually having some modest decline. And so you've got some mix in what I call kind of retail in Europe, and particularly in the U.K. And then the other area of -- and we've talked about this throughout the fiscal year is that just the European banking demand is less certain at this time. And that's unchanged from -- I think we talked about this even in Q1 of 2019.
Jason Peterson: Yes. In some ways, I think our portfolio might be different than many of our clients. And so we've got very strong growth in asset management, in insurance, in FinTech. There's a whole series of different -- in payment processing. And so I think there's probably less exposure to us to large banks and why you're seeing that -- the high growth as you're seeing growth in these other areas of our portfolio, and plus, as you pointed out a little bit about Russian revenue recognition, which is largely Financial Services. And that's why you're seeing the high levels of growth in our Financial Services portfolio.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So I think you've seen us do more acquisitions this year. As you point out, they've been small sort of tuck-in acquisitions. I think you'll continue to see us do a fair number of acquisitions in the coming year. And I think it's likely that the acquisitions are at least one or more of them could be larger, and that would be somewhat consumptive of cash. And then the other place where we're using cash is to continue to build out our physical infrastructure and our delivery centers. And so those are probably the two places where you'll see cash used in the coming year.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So as you pointed out, we run on the top half of the range in all quarters in 2019. And at the same time, though, we continue to believe that operating in the 16% to 17% range is appropriate for the business. So I probably wouldn't have a different guide than what we've talked about throughout this fiscal year.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So from an attrition standpoint, the attrition is lower in Q3 of '19 than it was in Q3 of '18. Attrition continues to run in the low teens for us. So again, we've focused a lot of energy on that and making certain that we're providing an appropriate sort of career experience for our delivery personnel so that they really do feel that they've got a career in a long-term home at EPAM. From a wage inflation standpoint, the wage inflation really hasn't changed throughout the year. So really no change there versus what I've talked about in the past. And then from a margin standpoint, I think we're going to continue to focus on running, let's say, the gross margin at about the level that we've been running it at. And so -- and then from an SG&A standpoint, I think we've talked about this sort of 18% to 19% range. And so yes, I don't see a -- I wouldn't be talking about a different range for 2020. Certainly, you can see that we've been able to run at the top end of the range in 2019, but I think what we still talk about is the 16% to 17% adjusted IFO target range as we enter the 2020 fiscal year.
Jason Peterson: Yes. Correct. So with the level of variable compensation, certainly the accrual is in for that based on our expectations for the performance in the fiscal year. And then the stock-based comp, yes, we would be recognizing expense associated with that throughout the year.
Jason Peterson: I haven't thought about what that specific element would be. And so let me think about that, and we can talk about that later. Yes, and I guess, maybe I'll just leave it at that.
Jason Peterson: And just on the headcount. So the headcount additions in Q3 just are suggestive of what we're seeing from a demand environment. We continue to see a strong demand environment. We grew headcount rapidly in places like India and Mexico in addition to rapid growth rates in our traditional geographies like Ukraine and Belarus. We're also beginning to stand up a few additional sort of smaller centers, and so you'd see some growth there. And then the Competentum acquisition came with over 200 headcount, primarily in Russia. And so for the most part, the headcount growth is really being driven substantially by what we're seeing from a demand standpoint.
Jason Peterson: So from a -- I guess, a concentration, and I think there also was a question I was asked about from the -- by the prior caller, is that the -- I would say that the little bit of an uptick that you've seen between Q2 and Q3 in terms of concentration is not something that we expect over a longer period of time. I think it's just a bit of a subtle kind of uptick. And we have seen some good growth in some of our larger customers. But at the same time, we're seeing extremely high growth rates in customers outside our top 20 as well. So I think it's a fairly typical -- and again, I think it speaks to the diversification of the business that we've got rapid growth in our large customers. And we also have growth and even greater growth in our customers outside the top 20. From a wage inflation standpoint, at least at this time, it's pretty similar to what we've seen in past years. Hard to predict what it could look like in the future. But at this point in time, it's been very consistent. And from a pricing environment standpoint, also quite similar. So we continue to get rate increases across a subset of our large long-standing customers. And then with newer engagements, those generally have somewhat stronger pricing just based on the overall kind of demand for resourcing in a market that is resource constrained.
Jason Peterson: Yes. We've done a prelim look for the full fiscal year. And again, it's very preliminary. And it does, again, speak to a growth rate in excess of 20% in the coming year. It's hard for me to provide color on Q1 at this time.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So significantly larger engagements, which we hope will also have higher value. And then, again, it's blended as part of an overall kind of delivery organization, kind of a consulting combined with the delivery. And so don't expect a material impact in profitability, at least in the near-term or the coming year.
Jason Peterson: Yes. They're in somewhat newish regions for us, kind of, let's say, tangential to some of the places that we've done business over the years.
Jason Peterson: And so I guess, I'll talk first about the tax rate. And so I think one of the statements that I made was that the excess tax benefit was somewhat less than we had expected inside the quarter. And so that would have impacted the GAAP tax rate. And then just the other statement we made is that we had a discrete benefit associated with our 2018 return, and that discrete benefit would have impacted both the GAAP and the non-GAAP rate. But what I was trying to clarify is that's why the GAAP tax rate was quite a bit lower than the approaching 23% that we've sort of talked about as our expected non-GAAP tax rate.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. As we mentioned, it's a data-related and migration to the cloud consultancy. It's a small company. So the contribution from all our acquisition is a little bit over 1%. So there is not much impact on numbers. But from capabilities point of view, it's a nice addition to our technology consulting group. And we do believe that it would improve our offering, mostly in U.S. and Western Europe, and also giving us kind of additional benefit to have an office in Israel and to be able to source some specific talent available there, which we all know.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So it's mostly in line with what we were sharing during the last quarter, so maybe even the last several years. So it's overstaff alignment. Our attrition rate is better than last year. So we're putting a lot of efforts to make sure that retention, working, training activities from our side and focus on education and internal learning is very high. So we put in a lot of efforts to make sure that it's not impacting our growth. But again, in general, it's always challenging, but I don't think there is any news specifically this quarter.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. I think it is happening. We're not providing any specific KPIs or measurement on this, but I think it's working in line with our expectations. And that's why we also announced in EPAM Continuum brand now to make sure that we can do right go-to-market approach and explain to the client that, that's the capabilities which we now can offer and be kind of mature in the game to compete for larger deals from end to end. It is happening.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We do not believe that we need more hierarchy than we have. We do believe that we probably need even less, and that's one of the key points in our efforts all the time. And at the same time, it's very dynamically changing based on the needs. So we don't know what's the optimal. We're trying to find the right configuration and kind of evolving. I think we will talk maybe a little bit more about it during our Investor Day like in a couple of weeks.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Listen, we understand this item to know what will be in the future. At the same time, conversation at this period of year still more focused how to finish the year, so not too much clients willing to go in conversation about next year, really. And probably very boring answer, but we don't expect any significant changes in the tone from last year's, and there is demand for people, for companies which can deliver in complexity grow. And so we do believe that the demand would be good. Anything can happen. Anything can happen as we all know from economy's standpoint. So let's wait.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don't think we have any specific comment on this. It's -- some quarters, you're getting a number of new accounts, and it's getting a little bit flatter than the last spike. So I don't think you will find any specific trends if you start to analyze backward. But there is nothing to highlight there.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It is definitely one of the major components of the growth, not just clearly number of people, but the quality of this effort. And that's a topic which we kind of touch in practically each quarter, and we -- specifically we're talking about our investments in training, education, selection, retention. So it's a very big topic, which is almost impossible to address here. If you're asking compare it to last couple of years, I think it was pretty tough 3, 4 years ago. And we advanced in our infrastructure or kind of ecosystem, internal ecosystem, how to deal with this. And that's why I don't think it's still much different than a couple of years ago, but it's still pretty tough. And again, I think, also it would be one of the more advanced topics, which we are going to cover during the Investor Day.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It might make sense if it would allow us to -- after this, to expand organically more as well, and the quality of this acquisition would be in line with our expectation, which is very kind of a long shot. So -- but we're looking for this, and if this opportunity will come, definitely, we'll be considering. But again, sizable acquisition with high-quality resources and ability to grow at least 20% after this. So these type of companies probably cost a lot and have their own strategy.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Sure. So it's a very tough question taking into account how many clients and how many different situations could be there. So -- and also taking into account how to predict the level of impact or what -- how big recession or how big like economic downturn could be. There is different package of clients. For some of them, it might be critical. For a lot of clients, it would be probably opportunity to invest continuously in digital part of the business. So I can give you from our experience like 10 years ago when pretty tough one happened. We had a couple of clients who stopped completely, and we had a bunch of clients who actually continued to grow since then. Some jumped to opportunity for utilizing the good capability in engineering count. But at this time, for example, EPAM was flat for a year, and then started to grow 50%, okay? So maybe not what expected, but I don't think there is really a clear answer to this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I don't think we have big changes like with the exception like we're talking about more consultative approach. And consulting approach is definitely part of our go-to-market and business development strategy, out of which clients with smarter ways of recognizing the opportunities and challenges they have and what are the solutions. But in general, the market which we operate is pretty interesting. From growth point of view, I don't think we're opening kind of new lines of businesses or new sectors to go after. And today, we already -- we're growing our headcount in direct sales over the last couple of years. So I think we're, in general, in good place here.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We will see what will be happening in that as probably everybody remember was our answer for some time because it's about growth, it's not about profitability for us to support the growth we have right now and to be more impactful on client results, but we bring in some additional people. Profitability here probably depends on the cost of the resources and wages for consultants are also high. So I think it was balanced. So it's -- revenue growth going forward is the main goal here.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I don't know what -- to whom you refer that there are some specific problems or whatever. We actually do believe that it's a strong component for us, and it's a strategic component for us. We would like to stay there. And we do think that we bring a lot of value to some small software companies and perhaps kind of mature software houses. And what we said is the Hi-Tech which is all digital platform borne companies. And I think it's -- we expanded pretty well there. So -- and it's definitely not any specific in this quarter.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you. Thank you, everybody, for your time this morning. I would like also to thank all our employees and their dedication to provide services and to help us to grow. And management team and myself looking forward to Investor Day on November 21 in Boston. So always, please contact David if you have any questions. And hopefully, see you face-to-face pretty soon. Thanks. Bye.
