Arkadiy Dobkin: Maggie, yes, it is actually very difficult questions because, you know this, we're not sharing or reporting what is our digital here versus not digital because it's a very difficult classification. And I can refer back to Forrester profile, which is saying, okay, we increase in category where we have more than 10,000 employees versus -- even if it's just 10,000, it's already at least 30% of our people versus some other companies on the list which are probably much less. But we think that majority of our work actually in this category because our core or our legacy in product -- software product engineering, which is most of the what I am reading from other classifications attributes this type of services to digital as well. Inside of EPAM, we're definitely focusing on engagement platform and analytics platform as very core digital, but modernization, for example, or a lot of other activities like RPA which is like sometimes could be put in different categories, could be considered as [indiscernible]. Again, in short, I will say that we consider it as digital as majority of what we do today. And similar on training. So majority of our people train on this, and it was another key point for what we were sharing. We're very keen on education. And we're building pretty strong educational service not only focused internally but also helping our clients to go through the same world of transformation. And as I said, it might be a little bit fuzzy answer, but it is a difficult question.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think, from consistency point, the only consistency is that we're constantly looking for the right fit and to looking how to improve our capabilities. There is no any kind of plans to do 2 acquisitions per quarter or 4 acquisitions like -- per quarter next year. That's not part of what -- how we're thinking about it, but we're constantly looking for opportunities. In terms of the how it's impacting our growth, I think it's very minimal because we are looking for small, competency-led companies, not kind of roll-up approach, which not excluding that we might hit some big ones as well in the future, but so far that was the focus here. Jason can comment on the numbers.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So basically, Ashwin, in short, all this volatility more in line with usual volatility for us for different verticals in the past. And yes, there are some softness and specifically on U.K. retailers, but again even that we can attribute to more regular starts and starts expression.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, any educational capabilities are making some impact internally as well, but we investing in this area constantly. So we don't think it would be any specific SG&A savings. And especially the company is pretty, pretty, pretty small. So it's aiding some capabilities, which we would be -- would have to build ourself, but again it's pretty small. So from generally software platforms, we'd -- more considering them as the accelerators because in our business we do believe in the differentiation coming from right integration, customer extension and buildup. So it we're not really considering that it will be very strong separate line of business with license revenue or subscription revenue. We have this today and it's pretty small. And we do think that it will be a very modest percentage of our work, but at the same time, it's giving us a good jump start in many large implementations. And that's a goal: how to build the right portfolio of accelerators to start faster but then, because of technology changing, how to upgrade these accelerators very fast as well instead of being stuck with some more standard software which would become legacy very, very quickly.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we're planning this for some time. Initially it was mostly around R&D life science. Now I think we expanded to commercial life science component. And we expanded to health care, insurance component as well. So basically, if 4, 5 years ago it was practically one kind of concentration point for growth, right now it's at least 3.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And I think there is good complementing between them because R&D becoming so integral part of general commercial life science. And also there are a lot of overlap with health care providers from both side from payers and providers, where it's all becoming much more realtime and understanding of bioinformatics and specific data sets. So it's very important. So I think it's healthy enough to grow.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it's -- that goes to our history as well, and we repeated this many times. So we started as a product engineering extension to our clients. Like a lot of top technology companies, we help clients initially, and 10 years ago, it was a major source of our revenue. And through this, we also were -- we started to understand the industries, but specifically from what people would call today digital transformation point of view, companies were adopting new software platforms and they need to be extended very quickly and with a good quality. And we're building on the skills. And when we come into new verticals today, we're clearly beginning to understand then how to build right products. But we also during the last 6, 7 years, and that's what we've pointed out today, built pretty strong digital strategy, consultative components; and integrating this very closely with our engineering services kind of to -- not just to advise but to deliver on our advice well, with -- again with the ability to put it in production with right scalability and performance components. And I think this engineering heritage, which we're now blending with a consultative approach, probably is helping us to be a little bit more consistent than someone else.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think the -- and this is probably very much in line with what we shared before, that there is some certain level of volatility across different verticals and even geographies here as well because we're working also with global accounts. And sometimes, these global accounts are growing faster in one region versus in other region, so it's really extremely difficult for us to predict volatility in specific segment, while -- in general, like we give in the guidance like on the total numbers. So [indiscernible] getting better than last quarter. We clearly -- but it's still very unclear what will be in Q4, for example, in the results of Brexit, which nobody knows what, how companies will react. What we're more comfortable to share and how we're thinking about is that here we have some softness in some subset of our markets. There is enough demand for the type of services which we provide that we will be able to balance and deliver for the kind of aggregated numbers.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. So okay. Because nearshoring is a little bit -- yes. If we're talking in-market presence, then we definitely will expand there because -- with the complexity of the services which we delivering. And we need like more local presence from expertise and dynamics of engagements point of view and consultancy point of view. So we will be increasing this. So how it's going to impact gross margin, again it's we need like to wait and see exactly because there are different series here. But yes, it might be profitability in general low in the markets. At the same time, we think that we would be able to improve, increase the total value. And to the clients, we will be able to balance this as well. And we do believe that we would be able to do it...
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it's -- again it's -- Moshe, it's very much in line with what we were seeing before. I don't think I can call anything that's something very new or extraordinary happening. So at our level, at our size of the company and our subset of the market which we're focusing, I think it's still pretty consistent, okay? And the last one [indiscernible] again. We can repeat all these scary stories about Brexit and all of this. And yes, it's making some softness here and there, but as I mentioned before, we do believe that we would be able to mitigate it through refocusing our focus across different geos and segments.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Well, in general, market is pretty competitive and tough. So at the same time, it is big and the subset of the markets which we're focusing growing much faster than global IT market. So I don't think might change from our standpoint in this. Clearly, big guys focusing more on this, smaller guys more excited to see how we're progressing, for example, but again market is growing very fast and demand is there. So the challenge, how to build right capabilities and how to upgrade our self kind of pretty dynamically. That's why, when all these questions, "What do you expect about future gross margin? Can you likely the size to benefit from this?" our answer are like -- seem pretty trivial. So we will have to reinvest to constantly kind of upgrade our self.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, so on client concerns. I think they are very much in line with industry concerns, so we need to find the right capabilities and not just right capabilities but scalable ones. And scalability and change in skills profiles is an ability to put right teams together. It's one concern. The second concern actually too -- and this is again shared concern between clients and vendors, including EPAM. And for us it's very important, how to actually build what should bring value here, so just deliver engineering services. And a lot of clients are actually looking at us and asking us for thought leadership components to bring to the equation to help them actually to find the right solutions or just to build the right solutions. And I think we have kind of these three main points: this one; and again, more trivial, historically; repeatable scalability and capabilities one.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So the main focus is improve our capabilities in educational and publishing segments. So these guys have some competencies which are very complementing to what we have, and we're hoping that we will be able to penetrate this market much more aggressively than before. I think I've referred a really good offering in this area, but again that would really help. Plus, this company has a -- content development capabilities and learning platform development capabilities, which we -- potentially will enhance our internal offering. And internal here you can sync in the product sense internal for our employees and kind of internal/external for potential candidates of -- which we train externally to bring to the company as well. So that's -- that should impart this as well, but again the primary goal was still go to market.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I would think about it as a -- improving our competencies in educational and publishing space because now we have added capabilities to go and build solution quicker because now we have extended the, like if you will, external expert in this field who build platform in this space. And that's what we're going to offer to the clients. With content, there is some -- again think about it's more in the competency sense. Now we have people who will be able to orchestrate some internal effort, but when you build content, you can utilize a number of external capabilities as well through the special metrics. So we just would be able to orchestrate it better, and more scalable environments.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So first of all, these guys not compete with the companies which you mentioned. These companies provide specifically engineering services, when I'm talking about external focus, external focus and education in general, around different areas. For example, one of the offerings which we now have which is around risk and compliance. When you're talking about these companies which you mentioned, then we have our internal offerings to the market kind of comparable with them because we already train thousands of people to create additional talent source for ourself. And we a looking at them, and sometimes we're utilizing -- well, pretty often utilizing external content as well when you're talking about specifically software engineering classes and so on.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Well, it's consistent with what we shared before. We're building these capabilities, but we're still mostly focusing on how to bring integrated solution to our clients, not a separate -- not this kind of completely separate line of business. There are always some projects which is focusing on specific area, but again the goal is how to bring a complete end-to-end story.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We're pretty pleased with Q2 results, and we hope that we will continue doing this. And again the challenge is, we mentioned, how to keep out -- in shape and challenge ourself to run fast. And thanks to all of our 30,000-plus people around the globe to help with this. And talk to you next time. And as usual, David is here to help with any additional inquiries. Thank you.
Jason Peterson: Yes. No, Ark is absolutely correct. So when we guided at the beginning of the year, we had included an assumption that we'd get up to or approximately 1% of revenue from inorganic contribution. That has not changed at all. These are relatively modest-sized acquisitions. However, just to answer the question on Q2: So the reported growth rate was 23.8%. If you adjust for foreign exchange, we had about a 1.3% impact, so the constant currency growth rate will be 25.1%. And the inorganic contribution was actually just below 1% for the quarter. So from a constant currency organic growth rate, we would be at 24.2% for Q2 of 2019.
Jason Peterson: Yes, so we -- here's how I would think about the business. And I think I'll talk more about what's happening this year. And then maybe we'll have some maybe vague discussion around next year. We're very focused on continuing to make investments that allow us to grow the business in excess of 20% annually. And so what we've been looking at is a range of 16% to 17%. We think we're clearly going to operate very firmly in that range. And I think, if you've looked at your model, it'd probably show that we're going to operate in the upper half of that range in 2019. And we're going to continue to focus on the 16% to 17%. What you will see in the second half is we're going to continue to make investments, some of the investments that Ark talked about in learning platforms and professional development. And so again I think you probably should continue to think about the business more in the 16% to 17% range.
Jason Peterson: Yes, I'm not sure that I understand the wind-down. I know that we've seen some degree of, let's say, softness with our -- with a European sort of consumer and yes. So I don't know if it's specific wind-down as much as it's kind of a mixed performance where we've got some growing accounts. And we've got some accounts that are either sort of flat to declining. And that's producing a lower than -- a lower growth rate that you've seen in that area in the past, but I think what you see is that in any given quarter we were able to drive the high levels of growth because of the diversified sort of demand portfolio. From a Q3/Q4, it's a little bit complicated, but I'm sure you follow this, which is that we have more generally billed days in Q3. But we also have more holidays and a bit more of summer vacation, if you will. And so generally what you see is maybe a little bit of improvement in gross margin in that time period. And then Q4 is usually a strong quarter for us, but we've been operating at a quite high level of profitability here in the first half, so I don't expect a big uptick in gross margin or profitability in the second half. What I do -- what you would normally see, though, is some positives in the gross margin because of the additional billed days in Q3.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So I think I'd kind of echo what Ark said in the last comment. It's that the business has got a -- it's broadly diversified both in terms of industry verticals; and in terms of customers, both new and longer-term EPAM customers. And so in any given quarter, you're going to see one vertical might drive more the growth than another. A couple years ago, we were talking about single-digit growth in health care and life sciences, and here in this year you've been over 50% from a growth rate standpoint. Last quarter, as you point out, financial services was single digit, and in this quarter, we're back firmly in a high-teens growth rate. And so we continue to see strong demand overall. If I were to talk about travel and consumer, yes, I think potentially the demand could increase a little bit in the second half, but we've -- again I think we are seeing a little bit of mixed result in that portfolio. From a financial services standpoint, we're seeing very strong growth in cards and payment processing, in asset management. And insurance is still small for us, but it's growing quite rapidly. And so I'm hopeful around financial services. And overall I -- we feel good about the demand in the market.
Jason Peterson: We've seen a little bit of movement here and maybe the last couple of quarters as companies maybe slightly changed position. One thing that's noteworthy, and I think I talked about this in the last call, is 1 of our top 5 customers split into 2 customers. And so what used to be 10 customers in our top 10 is really effectively 9. And so that probably changes a little bit some of those comparisons as you look at our concentration over time, but again I would say a little bit of movement but reasonably consistent.
Jason Peterson: I think we're -- we've proven that we can run, I would say, kind of anywhere in that 16% to 17% range. So I think, a couple years ago, we were sort of closer to the bottom end of that range. And here you see us in these quarters running near the top or sometimes just over that range. I think that's probably to think about us able to comfortably sort of run in the 16% to 17% range. And it will be volatility by quarter based in part on utilization and billed dates and some of that, but I think probably just to continue to think of us as a 16% to 17% adjusted income from operations is the -- is really what we're looking to drive and in part because we are going to continue making the investments that Arkadiy has been talking about to continue to drive the greater than 20% annual revenue growth.
Jason Peterson: And we're -- certainly we're very focused on margin at the account level and sort of maintaining profitability in the gross margin area. And so as we've talked about in the past, that we clearly are focused on pricing and sort of maintaining or improving account profitability given the opportunity.
Jason Peterson: Yes. From a head count growth standpoint, we've seen growth, obviously, in our traditional regions. We've also seen further growth in our India operations. From a wage inflation standpoint, I would say that it's little changed from the past. Actually we've seen a decline in utilization -- in attrition year-over-year. So we feel quite good about that. I don't know, Ark. Do you want to talk about new deals and pricing or...
Jason Peterson: So I'll take the second half profitability questions. So really no change from what we've been thinking about the second half since we began providing guidance in terms of the overall levels of profitability. We've seen a little bit better profitability in the first half. And we -- for those of you doing models, and probably it's all of you, we're clearly expecting to operate in the top half of our 16% to 17% range. If you'll remember, Q4 of 2018, we actually ran it 18.4% non-GAAP adjusted IFO -- or adjusted IFO. That was at a time when we actually were over 80% from a utilization standpoint, so it was some outsized demand that popped in the quarter. And so we do not expect to be running at 18.4% adjusted IFO in Q4. So probably that's what you see when you see the change in, let's say, growth rate of EPS. But again, we continue to expect that we'll run in the high end of the -- of our 16% to 17% range for the full year, and again we feel quite good about profitability in the second half. And about next year and demand or risk or...
Jason Peterson: Yes, as I think you know with utilization, it's going to vary based on quarter to a certain extent. And so then when you've got a quarter with more vacations, which is coming up, I think we've shown that we can kind of run around 77% to 78% pretty comfortably. There may be quarters we're above that. As you'll remember, that Q4 at 80% is a pretty hot number and probably takes a quarter where you get some unexpected demand. I'm not expecting that utilization would decline, and again I think probably this range in the 77% to 78% generally is probably a good way to think about the business.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So it's a good question. So we would have been growing in the CIS, in Ukraine region. We also would be growing in India, where we're seeing good traction. And so this was a quarter where we didn't see so much of a shift towards in-market kind of talent. It was a more balanced kind of growth for us. And actually I'm quite pleased by the additions that we were able to make here in the quarter because I think it does show that we can continue to sort of produce the supply that we need to drive the business and to meet the demands of the marketplace.
Jason Peterson: I think you'll see us continue to evolve the business as Ark always talks about. And that could include incremental geographies, but I don't think you'll see any substantial or, let's say, radical change any time in the future. So pretty consistent. We, you are seeing substantial growth in Mexico, as we talked about. We've got a delivery center in Spain that's growing. Both of those are still relatively small, but we're seeing good uptake of resources in those centers.
Jason Peterson: Okay. Yes, good questions. So from the standpoint of, I guess, the shift towards on site, as we continue to be increasingly relevant to clients as we take responsibility for larger programs, as we have larger, more strategic engagements, I think that necessitates higher in-market presence. And so I think you won't see it shift dramatically in any given quarter, but I think you're going to see a constant sort of uptick in the in-market head count. We've talked a little bit about what we think that looks like. We think that probably that's positive for us in terms of the relationships we have with our clients but maybe remains to be seen in terms of the overall impacts on the P&L. But again it's a very gradual shift, so I wouldn't expect anything to sort of pop up in the next couple quarters or anything. And it'll -- just kind of an ongoing march. And then from a fixed fee versus T&M. Most of the acquisitions that we've done have generally been companies that are more consultative in nature. And most of their engagements are fixed fee, but they're generally very short-term projects, right? So it's not on multiyear kind of fixed fee. It might be a project with 3 months or 6 months or maybe up to a year. And so a lot of what you've seen over the last maybe 6 quarters has been just a layering-in of revenues from Continuum and TH_NK and some of these companies. From time to time, we do have a client that might ask us to adjust some of the business from T&M to fixed fee, but that's not a -- it's not a significant trend for us. So it's mostly driven by the inorganic.
Jason Peterson: I don't think there's any change into what we've talked about in the past. So we continue to sort of, I think, do a good job of sort of price versus wage inflation. And so we haven't seen any significant changes in the last 90 days in that, and we continue to be quite focused on account margins. So it's a focus of the entire company and certainly of the executive leadership team.
