Jason Peterson: Yes. So the upside would predominantly be generated by volume. And so what we are seeing is that there's a whole wave of modernization programs kicking off within the financial services industry. So a significant amount of growth expected, as you saw in Q1, but also probably further acceleration of growth in financial services in Q2 due to the modernization programs with large banks and then also with a much-accelerated growth in insurance. We're seeing recovery in the travel and consumer section of our portfolio, quite strong growth with, consumer-oriented programs, both in retail and with consumer goods companies. We're even beginning to see some sequential growth in the travel space. We're seeing strong growth in healthcare and life sciences. We're seeing, a continued sort of solid growth in our traditional sort of high-tech software and high-technology clients. And we're seeing, a reemergent kind of emerging verticals with very strong growth in telecommunications, automotive, and materials, as we talked about. And again, where we expect between Q1 and Q2, we expect to see, even stronger growth in financial services, even stronger growth than Q1 in the travel and hospitality vertical, and, again, even stronger growth in the emerging verticals. And so again, it is pretty broad-based. It's existing relationships. It's new relationships. So we're seeing some good new customer revenues. And then from a pricing environment, I think we're having more constructive conversations with clients. And I think both existing and new clients understand that with the wage inflation that's out there in the marketplace, that it is going to, likely require somewhat higher pricing to support the addition of new teams. But for the most part, this is volume-based.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So, we're expanding, our capacity in terms of adding staff. And probably -- that would probably more show up in the SG&A portion. I think that as we look at gross margin, if I were to, be very clear, I think we're expecting now that gross margin might be slightly lower, not lower than Q1, but lower than our original expectations for 2021 based on this updated guidance. But SG&A will also be somewhat lower. And so we're able to maintain the profitability in the 16.5% to 17.5% range that we've talked about with a real focus on the midpoint, 17%. But we are seeing, somewhat elevated levels of compensation being required both to retain and bring staff, into EPAM. And that's something that we're mindful of, both as we produce the guidance and as obviously, we try to drive the company throughout the remainder of the year.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So let me try to be -- so on the, I guess, the 34.9% adjusted gross margin that we booked here in Q1, the lower-level gross margin was, in part, the result of there being one less available day at capacity in the quarter. And so that's -- it's just the way that Monday through Friday falls in the calendar for Q1. It was one less day than what we would have traditionally seen in previous Q1s. However, I do think we are seeing, somewhat elevated levels of wage inflation. And, those could continue to elevate throughout the fiscal year. So I think that in the -- let's call it, in the -- throughout the remainder of the year, I think we might run below the approximate sort of 36% that we've kind of talked about over time from a gross margin standpoint. It is -- I think it's sort of generally stabilized at a slightly lower level than that 36%. But -- so I don't expect it to continue to decline. And I think the question mark is kind of what happens in 2022. Right now, again, I am feeling that we've kind of -- gross margin is going to stabilize. And then we'll kind of see what happens throughout the remainder of the year in terms of, the pricing environment. And I think we'll be able to provide a little bit better guidance probably later in this fiscal year.
Jason Peterson: Yes. When we're running at 81%, that would still generally be hot. So we're -- we continue to explore kind of what the right level is. I think we believe that, somewhere in the high 70s continues to be a better place for us because it does allow us to be more prepared for new customer engagements and for unexpected expansion at existing customers. And so I would say that as we think about the remainder of the year, we're, we're thinking more in that -- in the high 70s. We also think that there's some possibility that there could be some elevated vacation taking in the second half. If you think about all of the unused vacation that's out there from 2020, our revenue guidance would also incorporate some amount of lower utilization due to, further vacation taking in the summer and fall months.
Jason Peterson: I mean, there's been a series recently of I would say quite large modernization programs that are likely to be multiyear in length that have kind of kicked off. And, as we discussed it, that we continue to engage with our customers in let's say a somewhat different way than maybe we would have five years ago, where with that broader sort of consulting solutioning, and then, of course, sort of delivery capability. And I think you're seeing more of those types of engagements as well.
Jason Peterson: Yes, I think when we look at the pipeline that we expect, it's a trend that would certainly continue in Q2 where, again, we have, more rapid growth in our other than top 20 than in our top 20. And so the -- and then we'll see what happens throughout the remainder of the year. But, I think last year was a little bit unique, right, where we had, it did -- probably a series of customers in our top 10 who are very large corporations who were probably less impacted by the pandemic in terms of their business. And those companies continue to grow quite rapidly. I think this year, what you're beginning to see is some of the new relationships we established in 2020. And then also relationships that we've had for long periods of time, but where the clients are looking to do, very important, kind of modernization programs. They're looking to EPAM, and that's driving growth as well and that's in the other than top 20 customers.
Jason Peterson: Yes. And quickly, on the margin front, I think we had modeled that the second half of the year would move toward some degree of normalcy. But as Ark just said, it's unclear that we end up there, in the second half. But the idea was that there would be some, increase in costs. We still think that there's some temporary benefits that we're seeing in the P&L. But I believe that we are seeing greater efficiency in SG&A and we're -- some of that's going to stick in future years. So that's kind of how I think about the business right now. As you know, as I said before, running very much in the midpoint of that 16.5% to 17.5% range, which is, at pretty much the top end of the range that we used to use at 16% to 17%.
Jason Peterson: So with attrition -- yes, attrition in Q1, for the entire quarter is still relatively low below 15%. It's actually somewhat lower than it was in Q1 of 2020. However, we are beginning to see some degree of elevation and attrition at the end of the quarter in March and here again in April. And so again, we are below 15% and again, I think, we're well within our expectations for the quarter as a whole but beginning to see some increase in attrition both at the end of Q1 and the beginning of Q2.
Jason Peterson: Yes. On the pricing front, you're right. The COVID concessions are pretty much gone at this point. That would have already sort of showed up in the Q1 numbers and in the guide for Q2. So I don't think that there's too much uplift to be expected from that. And as we've talked about, we're increasingly having not always easy but let's call them constructive conversations with clients about pricing.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So I think one of the questions you're asking is whether or not with work from home that's impacting pricing and that clients are somehow asking for either no rate increase or savings from that. Is what you're asking, David? Or –
Jason Peterson: I think you'd certainly see that performance in financial services that would give you some indication that we have had some success there.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don't think there are significant changes in the direction from the locations like we talked about India, we talked about Mexico, and we continue to -- to grow with them. Actually, India, probably the fastest-growing for us components in talent composition right now. So from this point of view, again, we each year becoming more distributed and more [indiscernible] balanced, and concentration is going down in Eastern Europe, so -- which is normal with the growth of the company and globalization of our clients as well. So, in terms of what's the best offshore, onshore, we're still increasing -- increase in our onshore component. Especially with the complexity of the engagement, we're doing a necessity to have strong industry connectivity and consulting connectivity. So that's growing, but it's not drastically changing as well. So, we're very careful at managing the balance right now. So what is ideal? I don't think anybody knows. So it's very dynamically changing, even if you think about what's happened in 2020, continue in 2021. I don't think anybody talking about ideal right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we're comfortable with current level of guidance. So I think thinking about a couple of thousand net new per quarter should be achievable for this year. Maybe a little bit higher, we will see. But based on our understanding of the market, which is extremely challenging. I don't want to downplay it like message which you're probably hearing from any other company. So we should be definitely included. It's extremely challenging talent market. But with the geographical distribution we have today and which we were building during the last five, six years very, very purposely, so I simply would be able to continue with the pace which we have in Q1.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Really nothing changing in our direction in M&A. So it just happened this quart -- this quarter, it was three of them. And to be in constant -- in constant social and constant discussions. Also, need to understand that two of these is pretty small boutique type of consultancies. We just add in right capabilities to the base which we have. So -- we did mention our traditional kind of approach for acquisitions. We were looking for mostly capabilities and some geographical diversification as well. And I think, again, that's what we're going to do in the future too.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think to the wage inflation. And this is -- probably, it would be fair to say that is across all markets, including in-markets as well. So as you can see from the sector right now, there are significant increase in demand. It says it so. So in regards to pricing, I think Jason mentioned that, at this point, majority of the revenue growth is coming specifically from the volume of work we're doing. But the record utilization we started to care for that. I think they're becoming right now a much more realistic from both clients -- from client side as well. And we do expect some pricing improvement. And specifically, in the big programs led by consulting efforts too. So -- but it's a little bit too early to talk about it right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don't think it was a data digitization term. I think it was -- some quarter to your follow-up call today wasn't best. And I was talking about general and much more kind of traditional term, digitization in general. And clearly, data and cloud, and AI, ML, all lend significant roles there. So what -- I didn't try to invent another term.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, that's a little good -- that's a little good discussion clearly to you. I know as if you're watching us for a very long time. I mean, practically before nine years ago and you remember us back then. And you saw what was happening after IPO when we were changing everything from offering to our delivery kind of landscape to make sure that we were looking for the number of years ahead. And we practically were doubling company each three years. If not pandemic, we probably would be down within -- at the end of this year against three years ago. And who knows. But if you put even slower pace, then it is pretty practical thinking on our side right now how to become a company of five or -- 5 billion or higher. So -- and that's how we're thinking about building as a company, and not just for the next quarter.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it's still too early to judge what's going to happen. There are definitely a desire from all of us to get in work in some type of more traditional conversations, seeing each other versus the screen. Some clients are actually talking about it. But at the same time, it's still very difficult to predict what would happen. And also, like our understanding what's happening and changing on the fly, like even a couple of months ago, I personally would be much more optimistic about vaccination process. And right now, it's not clear if it would be based on what exists 50% even in the U.S. So -- and as soon as you look into the global map, who knows how this would work for 2021 for all of us. So at the same time, if you're talking about like working environment in much more distributed way, I think that's what we were focusing way before pandemic hit. And I think that's what happened. And I think productivity not really impacted. And at the same time, it's pushed a lot of these believers in this highly distributed way of working and had to accept it, which making all of this to work even better. So I think that would stay. I think our human partners, everybody understand and talking about, will take all -- maybe [indiscernible] Again, too early right now to judge.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And so we definitely accounted that -- for the situation that if everything suddenly improved, then travel might pick up. So we're thinking about it and it was in our numbers right now. But again, not clear if was going to happen or not.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So on the first question about cybersecurity, it was all an important part for us when we built applications and platforms because, at the end of the day, that's one of the main points to make sure that it's secure enough as we all understand. And we organically developed practice and capabilities but similarly, with others, there are capabilities that are important for kind of overall platform engineering, so we needed additional skills. And as I mentioned, it's a relatively small consultancy but is a very high experience and we just got to be part of our global engineering practice, which important to us to make sure that everything's good. So I think it's -- very, very simple answer here. There's nothing special to it.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again, I don't think we have time here for proving discussion but it's still pretty generic and pretty much in line with everybody else talking about is our -- even our example, which we were showing this morning about programs in building infrastructure and applications to the cloud with very often additional functionality and upgrading this and maybe with a very different target environment. That's huge, huge efforts across multiple capabilities usually touching on legacy, data, analytics, and everything. So I don't know what specific we can add here but when this is online, we went in from one point of view and going to, again, cloud and new architecture from another point of view and probably could describe the full scale of this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: No, I agree. I think it is timing because it's to create change from we don't know what would be happening to run and I think there is going to be put to this, but we'll see. And maybe partially you guess also carried out as well because some may think there are ideas that are probably cheaper result infrastructure. But it's not necessarily true because the investment on support and distributed. And again, at the time, because it's all very kind of really connected and might require even more investment.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don't know if you are trying to drive some conclusions from this dynamic. I think there are some big clients who are inside of the top 20, which is growing very aggressively. There are some clients who just slow down practically flat out. And there are several clients who become just 12, 18 months ago who now become a part of the top 20. I don't know if it's a function of the market or is it more of a function of EPAM changing dynamic as well. So I think probably it's more on the second one where results often can now accelerate some clients' development and trust.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I would answer very, very short. So I think we're pretty creative in our ability to consolidate in some accounts right now. I think we reduce the budget inside of the accounts.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. As we mentioned like many, many times, we're not trying to just capture consulting services as our business, we're trying to get into the conversations with the clients much earlier in the game to make sure that we can actually drive the next step that tells the consulting kind of activities to do more practical implementations of the platforms. And I think, again, we are pretty happy with the progress, which we do in like quarter after quarter. And we're getting new use cases and we're getting higher in the kind of value chain and create in these examples. But again, it's not about just chase the consulting market as a pure consultant creative.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It's difficult to say that blockchain becomes a significant driver but it's definitely part of normal engagement like any other advanced technologies as well. And we definitely see and also some pickups well in AI engagement while it's still a relatively small portion of what's happening. We think it might accelerate in the future but because, again, a lot of preparation in the last several years is to create a data infrastructure capable to support this type of new application. And I think I would finish with this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think I would prefer and even from my kind, I wouldn't talk about very broad terms. And clearly, again, everybody knows that all this cloud modernization is a driver. And around this, a lot of different things are important, but I wouldn't call anything specifically right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you, everybody, for your time today to participate. And as you know, if you have any questions, David is available to help. So talk to you in three months. Thank you very much.
