Jason Peterson: Yes, I think that we continue to see some improvement in pricing, as I think we've discussed over the last couple of calls. And then probably there's a little bit of shift from a geographic standpoint in different geographies, to have somewhat the higher rate rates associated with them. And so I think you might continue to see some improvement over time. And as I think we've sort of talked about, we feel like we've definitely increased our capacity to add headcount and more specifically to retain headcount. And so we expect that we, we will continue to add headcount at greater than historic rates. But currently we're guiding to a somewhat lower increase in headcount in Q4 relative to Q3, based on what we think will be a little bit of slowdown in people joining the company in the month of December.
Jason Peterson: The demand environment continues to be strong. We see quite a bit of growth from existing clients. We also have a number of engagements that we have entered into more recently that have a lot of growth potential. So that demand environment is obviously quite solid. We also feel that we have increased our ability to support organic growth rates. At the same time, I should say that we don't expect that 36% organic growth rate become a normal sort of multiyear sustainable norm.
Jason Peterson: Yes, I guess I'll answer the second question. So good morning. And from the standpoint of budgets, budgets intact as we sort of execute for clients are looking to invest and continue to, drive digital transformation. So right now it continues to be a market where probably supply constraint is the greater issue rather than demand. And we enter 2022, which looks with what looks like a pretty intact demand environment.
Jason Peterson: Yes, so from I guess, the acquisition standpoint, over 98% of shareholders have agreed to tender their shares and cash has been transferred, we're still going through a little bit of a, I guess, what's called a squeeze out process here for the remainder of the shareholders. And so, for all practical purposes, we would control the company, as of I guess, yesterday. And I guess that's kind of what I'd say about that.
Jason Peterson: And just to clarify, and I think I said that in my prepared remarks, but we've got two months of Emakina results built into the guidance that we communicated for the Q4 quarter.
Jason Peterson: Yes, we continue to have discussions and negotiations with clients around rate increases, some of those are coming in the second half of 2021. At the same time, we're also beginning to have the discussions around rate increases for the beginning of 2022, which is kind of the more traditional period for rate increases. Obviously nobody's likes to absorb a rate increase but I think based on everything that people are seeing from a wage inflation standpoint, from, I guess, a global inflation standpoint, and just the continued strong demand for resources. These are relatively easier conversations than we've had in the past. And I expect that we will see better price increase or rate increase in 2022, than we've seen in previous years.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So, every client is probably a little bit different. But yes, I think that, there's a, there will generally be greater increases across clients that we've seen in the past. Some clients will have higher rate increases than others depending on where they've kind of been historically. We are trying to make certain that we are growing our business responsibly, and sort of able to maintain sort of as a stable sort of level of profitability the way we've run the business over the last couple years.
Jason Peterson: Sure. So we believe that the 17% to 18% guidance that we maintained for adjusted income from operations is the appropriate kind of guidance. Q3 was a quite strong quarter, which did some of the profitability improvement was a result of the sort of the upside and revenue that was somewhat unexpected in the quarter. For Q4, we expect that SG&A will come up a little bit between Q3 and Q4 will maintain gross margins kind of in and around the range that we saw in Q3. And then I think the other thing I should point out is that, our recent acquisitions have somewhat lower levels of profit than our traditional EPAM business. So all of those things kind of pushes you more towards a Q4 exit in the middle of that 17% to 18% range. And so that's that's kind of what forms that 17% to 18% guidance for the full year.
Jason Peterson: So utilization in Q3 is traditionally the seasonal low quarter. And so if you think about a world, I guess, pre 2020, it's a time when people go on vacation. And if you're lucky enough to be in Europe, maybe it's a two or three week vacation. And so utilization is relatively low. Last year, when people couldn't leave their homes and countries, we saw higher utilization than is typical. The 77.1% that we saw in Q3 is actually pretty good. And sort of again, sort of seasonally consistent. We expect utilization might come up a little bit in Q4 but not unhappy with the 77.1% that we had in Q3. And I guess the other thing I should point out is no, we usually think about the businesses kind of running in maybe a 77% to 79% utilization. And again, it is somewhat seasonal. There are quarters when we run, at or above 80%. But we generally consider that on the hotter side.
Jason Peterson: I think it's difficult to comment about the industry as a whole. At this point, we think there is a very strong demand and there is no really sciences is the way to go go down. At the same time from our internal assessment we really would like to make sure that we bring in -- to the clients, and supporting the reputation we should build during previous couple of decades. And from this point of view, we're talking about sustainability of our growth. Because like, if you're going to grow in like 50%, for a couple years, it's, it's our size. We don't believe that it's possible to do in the complexity of the business, we're referring to the complexity of the engagements or so basically, sustainability was referring exactly to, to our understanding what's possible, in reality, with keeping the quality and culture of the company now, similar reply to what we already did to them as well.
Jason Peterson: I think our point was exactly how difficult to predict the future and how just couple of years ago, we didn't understand that it would be the turnover, which happened. And even 12 months ago, we saw the impact of pandemic will be different than then just one or two quarters later is changed. And that's why from your question, we do believe that it would be strong demand during the next several years, what would be after this and how this wave will be working? And it's interesting question because everything changes. So unfortunately, I cannot give you the uses kind of assurance for the next decade or so.
Jason Peterson: I mean, I think generally, what we're thinking is that December is a time when most people don't change jobs. And so we'll have maybe fewer joiners in December. But it might be a reflection that things could get a little bit harder over time. But, as Ark just talked about, we've really improved our capability to attract. I think our hiring brand continues to improve quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year. We've also improved our ability to staff projects and to match supply and demand. So I think that we've improved our capabilities around organic growth rates. But, again, are expecting a somewhat slower level of net additions in Q4.
Jason Peterson: And I'm going to step in and kind of respond to that sort of more tactical question on gross margin. So we talked about earlier in this call that we do continue to see elevated wage inflation. We are getting somewhat better increases in rates, okay, but probably not fully able to offset wage inflation, wherever the one important point is, this year, we've had our performances, I think you've seen as we've taken apart guidance, I think every quarter. And so we have a variable compensation element that is the expense is based on the strength of the company's performance and revenue growth and profitability. So we're, you're booking the expense associate with variable compensation at a much, much higher level this year than we have in past years. So next year, you think that that, I would think that would normalize. And so that will have a positive impact on gross margin. And then you may continue to have some pressure with wage inflation and, hopefully those two kind of offset each other. And just to sort of round it out, the variable compensation expense shows up throughout the year and that is generally paid in the form of a variable payout to employees in at the end of Q1 quarter and the beginning of the Q2 quarter.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So the equation I'm sorry, the question about where we take in people where we kind of bring in people from or in what markets we are applying the paper? Because I especially…
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. Oh, I simply, I don't think there is in here much difference with us and with other companies playing in the market right now. This is pretty much corrosion. Most of the articles clear. I think consumer goods travel retail, definitely leading this what it would be relevant for my journey to financial services on definitely entertainment. And publishing, so I think it's pretty much corrosion all and healthcare and life science. All of it.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Alright, so I think Ashwin I think it’s definitely a very relevant concern. And we are paying a lot of attention to this. At the same time, like things changing from the point of view how we were thinking about general decoration, level of distribution, how people work in just two years ago, so I'm just reminded exactly about kind of our late 80s [ph] sometimes, and we've put during the last couple years and even starting to do before a lot of efforts to make sure that we create an environment from digital ecosystem perspective as well, to see how we can support the culture better in, in what we were thinking will be relevant, probably not during the 2020 2021 but later. It's all accelerated like we always talking about it. But at the same time, that's exactly what Jason already mentioned. We don't believe that it's sustainable to grow as the growth reaches, which is happening right now for a relatively long period of time. So I think it might be better than what we were expecting a couple years ago, when we were talking about our growth 20 plus percent organic growth, maybe it will be better in the future. But it's definitely the rate which we brought in today, because in this case, we will be kind of 50%, 60%, 70% of people who will be new to the company, which is very difficult to sustain culture and quality of the delivery. And we were very, very much focusing on the quality levels.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And we definitely focusing on expanding in, in the market, and in making acquisition bring in, like 1100 people to us, specifically in European markets. It's definitely improving our experience consultancy, digital consultancy, marketing, related consultancy skills, which is a little bit new to EPAM but very complementary to what we're doing. But it's also very reasonable improvement of our presence across European and in some Middle East organisation. And we are planning to continuously doing this, but again, with right proportion, and with consistent focus on delivery and engineering, and engineering and quality.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we are definitely doing very specific analysis on this part. And while we are growing faster than we expected, we keep inching new at parameter infact right now. So this is kind of short term. We're clearly there's a singularity we bring in more new people. And that's a little bit more challenging. That's kind of related to the previous question is, Ashwin was asking, we are carefully doing this. But again, seniority parameter is supported, as needed for the type of services we deliver.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think you will be very consistent with our comment to the sides. I don't remember in what quarter we were saying that it's easy to breed talent. And I'm pretty sure all of us were confirming that it's also very global. There is no practically spaces in the world today where you can come and start into hire like talent without, without challenges. And I think each quarter is demand is becoming more challenging. At the same time, our investments in education and our recruitment processes, and automation and everything becoming more impactful and allowed us to support what we're doing today. I don't know what else to say. I think war for talent is like in all media, no websites everywhere, like everybody talking about it. And we're pretty proud to this point to be able to sustain the level of net additions which you have in level of kind of relatively manageable attrition rates.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, like, I appreciate your questions, like, all the stress, trying to understand the future and how are we doing this? And so like, what simple solid question which like, really complex. I just would like to remind like, I'm not going to go to specific topics, but we do believe that one of the advantages which we feel that around, probably 30% or 40% of our business is still working with software companies and technology companies and platform companies. And we're doing significant kinds of sometimes significant portion of the development of new products and platform for this type of clients, which is giving us like very different exposure to what's happening in different areas, like sometimes we do a new product, or new concept like wide shoulders and is going to the market, but then we are forced to help this type of clients to do implementation of this. So we have kind of organic internal barometer if you will, to help us to select some areas, and we build this capability sometimes in very organic. [Technical difficulty] quick, and as we designed, we trying to keep this proportion of this of such clients in our in our business portfolio to be able to continuously do business. This is from technology standpoint. And then from end to end solutions don't quit. We definitely is everything what we were sharing about consultancy. We're going up and up in the chain and expand in our business perspective of what we building and how we can help clients. And first consulting was for us [Indiscernible] technologies, and we added experience components. And we were talking about business now, talking about strategy in my keynote part of this but we also did couple more positions in this area. And this is when we're talking about new areas. It's not only about new technologies, it's also was the whole end to end story.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think you understand our competitive base very, very well. And I think we just get in proportionally more to the situation when consultant becomes much, much more important part to start the business to open the door. From this point of view, I think we see the difference from general competitive on kind of what exactly companies we compete against. I think it's largely the same because most of the large vendors had these capabilities before. We’re just trying to bring different values through integrating better with delivery and generic.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don't believe we see any of this exists at this stage. I’ve seen practically and it's not only about rolling consumers, it’s practically about all indices. We do believe that everybody understand that preparation for something new or even like changes which this pandemic trigger splitting constant. And when I was saying before, like it's difficult to predict what would be two years or three years from now, it is difficult and anything can happen and we all understand it. But mostly I was referring to level of demand which is happening specifically right now. The level which was seeing and prediction for longer term like before pandemic I think is definitely will be there for longer term as well. So but direct answer to your equation, no we don't see any type of sign of partial depression still from the pandemic right now as a market, in our market.
Arkadiy Dobkin: In a very simplistic way here the biggest challenge is a brilliant talent. But I think it's a overall huge oversimplification of what's happening. Because talent is a very broad term, like in general, you can it's possible to hire a lot of people. The point is, what type of people, how to orchestrate the complex complexity of the end game, how to connect with the clients in the right way. I think orchestration of the kind of integrated teams working together, specifically when you growing like 30 plus percent when you have a lot of new people, and you need to kind of bring them up to what's happening and understand the type of engagement which we do in the scale, which is happening right now. That's the real challenge. So the net acquisition, important enabler of this value should be there, but the real concern how we deliver it, and that's should be some kind of very well understood.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it's definitely known fact as the answer will be yes, yes, and yes and so basically there are a lot of companies on the market, but competition is growing and price is growing as well. So that's very natural in the markets situation which you described. And we still go into to find the right companies to, to bring on board and to improve our capabilities. So we like everybody else to a number opportunities right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: As always, thank you very much for attending the call today. You know that if you have any equations days, data is available and again, see you in three months. Thank you very much.
