Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it was happening across multiple efforts, which we started not necessarily even 3 months ago but even before COVID, how were looking at our delivery ecosystem. And we were talking about diversification, going to different markets and growing in existing location. And I think we were not sure what exactly the results would be, but the last couple of quarters confirmed that most of the efforts were fruitful and we grew in like -- we grew pretty well not only in Eastern Europe anymore but also across India. And we started to much more aggressively work in Latin America as well. But even in some markets in Europe -- in Western Europe and in the U.S., we were hiring more people than we were anticipating before. So I think it’s across multiple components of this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again, I don’t think there is one magic kind of source which was happening. It’s exactly broad based, again with India becoming another point of growth for us in addition to Eastern Europe before.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don’t -- we don’t believe that it’s actually margin related kind of benefit. It’s mostly how to manage and how to deliver and how to bring the talent in the company and be able to operate more actively. So employees will probably deliver and -- while we grow and as we’re growing right now. So...
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think at large, there is not much change from our previous comment. We’re not trying to build like separate -- completely separate line of business in consultancy. What -- we’re trying to deliver more end-to-end solutions and be able to advise client early in this end-to-end story. And we see in the progress like we definitely must be -- were accumulating more experience and understanding how to bring these multifunctional teams, including consultants and designers and engineers, for more complex opportunities. So -- and I think it’s starting to pay some dividends. And from what we also saw is that we probably need to go even higher in the value chain and bring some strategic advisory services as well. And we were experimenting during the last 12 months with these type of engagements, which were single engagements for us when we were going to this level, and now decided to strategically invest in this area, too. And one of the acquisitions in Europe is exactly in this segment. So I think in short, we’re hoping that we would be able to make more impact and potentially maybe benefit even in the margin situation. But we still have to prove that it’s going to work this way.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think when we’re talking about software enablement, it’s more related to the previous question about how much consulting and how actually new business models could drive the opportunity for us to build solutions with still significant portion of custom development because most of the solutions require like almost in real time understanding what’s happening and not necessarily relying on the very standard portion of enterprise packages. So our typical implementations or solutions even today would include like 70%, 80% for custom code on top of the -- some standard components. But combination of this exactly should enable new business models, and that’s what we mostly mean. But if we have the right level of consultancies, then we can advise with this final solution would look like and then help to build it and implement it. At the same time, there is an increasing portion of some accelerators and parts of software which we’re developing over the years. And it’s helping us actually to build the solution sometimes not only with third-party components but with our own components. But again, there’s not much change from our more traditional business model with the exception that we would like to start early in the value chain, including some strategy advise.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think recognition of how different we are in the market created like additional level of curiosity for those that we’ve hired, and they’re definitely trying to understand if they would be -- if they would have good opportunity to grow inside of EPAM. We definitely have very different interest from this more experienced portion of the talent pool globally than we had a couple of years ago. It’s very, very reasonable. At the same time also, our brand recognition in the markets where we operate for some time or new markets which we enter in both in Eastern Europe, because we do have this high level of distribution across this more traditional DACH region, but also in India and Latin America visibly illustrate that there is very different recognition and hope for opportunity inside of -- in many minds, different type of services, companies with very strong engineering heritage, which make some additional attractiveness for the talent. We...
Arkadiy Dobkin: So it’s -- in general, we all understand, and it’s not only related to EPAM, there is very different demand trends than we were experiencing not just 12 months ago, because 12 months ago it definitely was a very different story and very different outlook, but let’s say 24 months ago. So everybody knows again, that, pandemic changed the whole direction. In this case, clients -- and many of them work in different kind of agility pressure and ready to work and speed up the whole process. But it’s also a very big effort and kind of harmonization effort to the whole supply chain when you’re growing like we’re growing today. And that’s why exactly we said we invest more in digital ecosystem than I think we experienced, plus we hope we experience some advantages of doing this investment kind of very purposely during the last decade. It’s not just last year or previous year. So -- and we’re benefiting on putting on top of our previous investments. And the whole timing from opening opportunity to start to actually going through staffing process definitely is much more optimal today than it was a couple of years ago for us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think it’s, in general, difficult to quantify. But like with our growth right now and if you look at the number of clients with $100 million and $50 million and $20 million, that’s number is like very obviously increasing very fast right now. So -- but I don’t think I can give -- or we can give at this point like very special quantified kind of points. And like the only things I would like is that we have now clients which are growing from start to $20 million, $30 million, $50 million. The whole -- this acceleration, also very, very visible.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don’t think it’s related to specific MSA sizes because from this point of view, we’re probably in the same situation like before. Nobody promising like huge, huge deals like contractually and up front. The reality of the deals is pretty different. And again, in services business, most of the clients still maintain the flexibility to stop doing things legally, contractually. While in practicality, these engagements are very different right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So that means in-person, you mean me on-site? Or it is -- yes, if you’re asking if clients asking us to bring people on-site or in the workplace, then probably not. I think situation in general is still very unstable. And even if there are some movements in the site like 2 weeks later, it’s -- could be consultants. Right now probably everybody kind of in a wait-and-see mode in regard into on-site working.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, you’re absolutely right. In this situation, there are opportunities to do it, and we definitely are carefully reviewing the situation and sometimes changing priorities from our standpoint. And yes, we’re looking for ideal clients clearly all the time and probably finding some. But definitely an opportunity. But again, we’re evaluating this carefully and constantly in the past before. Right now, more things to do it. So there is choices right now which we make and where to invest. And again, I don’t know how else to answer your question, but saying yes, we do it.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Any acquisitions which we are doing for some time, we’re trying to understand more details and kind of getting more insight because it’s never possible to have a full picture before closing the deal. So the same is happening right now. And specifically, in consultancies, definitely we will be like looking to what’s happening and what’s the best ways for us to practically in real time.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think let’s start on the second question. And I think I agree with you that for the last couple of years, results are bumpy. But I think the environment around us was very bumpy as well. And I think that’s a collection of those. If we take this out, then our long-term kind of promise to grow in above 20% growth, that’s exactly what we’re targeting, and we’re on the same journey right now. We -- definitely, under this pressure of unknown which is around us, putting some extra efforts and maybe we will find some opportunities to improve what we were thinking about. But again, long term for us, how to grow profitably with 20% organic year-over-year growth and how to maintain security of delivery at the same time. I think that’s good enough challenge. And that’s the target. The rest of this, again, impacted by a lot of changes around us. And the first question was about...
Arkadiy Dobkin: M&A. And I think here, there is not much changes. We were mentioning before that we’re evaluating the pipeline all the time, that we were looking for new capabilities in market expertise, consulting components, and thinking what would be the best for us, kind of the strategy of our delivery. So it’s all applicable today. That’s -- we closed like 5 deals this year. It just reflects that we found better companies willing to join us. Versus from pipeline point of view -- it was pretty well-developed pipeline. In the past, we have pretty well-developed pipeline. Right now, how many other transactions we’ll be closing in the next 6 to 12 months? We need like to wait and see. And in general, I would like to say like we don’t have a strategy of kind of rolling up acquisitions. We specifically are looking for some which would add capabilities and fill the gaps which we need to fill. So -- and even right now, most of those transactions are pretty small.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again, I don’t think we’re going to share anything new or what you don’t know. It’s definitely the pressure to perform and to deliver is much higher now in -- I was trying to say post COVID, and we know. Is it post-COVID or still continuous COVID time versus pre-COVID time? That’s definitely changed because everybody understands there is only so much time to adjust business models and build solutions to be able to continuously compete in this continuous COVID time. I mean it is very visible across all markets right now and I think creates pressure on clients and on us as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think it’s kind of a good question. At the same time, we get in our understanding as we speak as well because if 9 months ago somebody will tell you now that we will be growing our talent pool as we’re growing today, we would be very cautious to confirm that it would be possible. At the same time, as we mentioned before, with orchestrating multiple efforts, we say that we can do better than we were thinking in the past. Right now, we’re thinking that probably around 3,000 additions per quarter would be something for us to achieve without much quality risks. Maybe more, but that’s how we’re looking at this. What would be happening in reality, we will see like in a couple of quarters.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you. Thank you, everybody, for joining today. So, as usual, if you have any questions, David is available to help. And looking forward to talk to you in 3 months. Thank you.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So David, probably a broader range of geographies from which we were recruiting. Additionally, probably the ability to sort of bring in staff that are in a more distributed mode gives us access to staff and resources in different geographies, even within the countries that we’ve traditionally recruited. So I think it’s both that and then, just obviously, we’re working hard to meet demand.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So I think one of the things that we’re beginning to see even in the middle of this year, which I think is different than certainly last year and probably different even than prior years, 2019 and ‘18, is we are getting midyear rate increases. So we are working with clients to begin to take up rates even here and as we entered Q3. And then clearly, as I discussed in the last call, is that we’re expecting to see greater-than-usual rate increases in 2022. So there’s a real focus on account margin. There’s even some prioritization of staffing related to both profitability and, obviously, the strategic nature of the client. And so I think that the dynamics on the pricing side are certainly improving. And at the same time, we still have to manage in an elevated wage inflation environment.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I mean utilization traditionally for us ran below 80%. And then we have this very, very high utilization due to sort of unique circumstances in Q2 of 2020. That was almost 84%. But that was really kind of unparalleled utilization for us. So now we do think that once you get to 80%, it does -- clearly, it limits your ability to grow when you’ve got new accounts or when you’ve got accounts that you didn’t expect, and we’re looking for new resources. You don’t have as much availability on your bench. And so I think we probably believe that running maybe in the high 70s, somewhat below 80% is probably a better place for us to be. We also think that we’re going to see somewhat elevated levels of vacation in the second half of 2021. So right now, what we would model is utilization below 80% in the second half of 2021.
Jason Peterson: So probably not a lot of change with the top 5, but you certainly would have seen rotation probably in the what I’d call the 11 through 20 cohort. And as Ark was indicating when he answered your earlier question is we have several -- maybe more than several customers that have gone from 0 to our top 20 in a year or less. And so we are seeing some programs where there’s a real strategic imperative where the growth accelerates very rapidly and they’re already running in our top 20.
Jason Peterson: Maggie, in terms of the growth in the -- outside of our top 20, it’s probably coming from exactly the type of decisions that Ark was referring to where we are looking at clients where we think that there’s significant growth potential, but we also think that profitability will be sort of attractive and then we are choosing to sort of staff and grow with those customers. And so I think part of the reason why you’re seeing good growth is not only our ability to bring more resources into the company but also some of the decisions we’re making around somewhat smaller and newer customers that we think have got significant growth potential both in the second half and into 2022.
Jason Peterson: Yes. And the rate increase question is about what can happen in terms of revenue growth. Certainly, that’s helpful. And you are seeing an expansion of revenue per head. But at the same time, a lot of the conversations that we’re having with clients are informed by the wage inflation we’re seeing. And so clearly, they’re difficult conversations with clients. We’re helping them understand, obviously, what conditions we’re facing with somewhat elevated levels of wage inflation, which is in part then driving the conversation around meeting the higher rates. So like I do want us to leave with the idea that we’re -- we feel good about the demand environment. The demand environment helps us when it comes to rate increases. But at the same time, the 17% to 18% guide that we have for the full year is informed in part by the lower SG&A in 2021. And you’re likely to see somewhat higher SG&A in 2022. And at the same time, we’re going to work hard to sort of maintain and improve gross margins over time.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So, well, we back up historically. So you’ll remember that we generally have talked about 16% to 17% as a targeted adjusted type of range. And then we’ve run, in the last couple of years, closer to the top end of that range or somewhat above. And so we guided this year to the 16.5% to 17.5% in part because of what we were seeing and also because we had lower-than-typical SG&A as a percentage of revenue. Right now, with obviously the strength in revenue and ongoing savings in SG&A, we’ve guided to 17% to 18%. But I think as you look forward, I wouldn’t -- I certainly wouldn’t commit to 17% to 18% as a targeted profitability range in future years. So you might think about us coming back to some earlier level in part because, well, we’ll just -- we’ll continue to make investments in delivery centers and in other capabilities so we can continue to grow the business at a high rate.
