David Straube: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone. By now, you should have received your copy of the earnings release for the company's first quarter 2020 results. If you have not, a copy is available on epam.com in the Investors section. With me on today's call are Ark Dobkin, CEO and President; and Jason Peterson, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made on today's call may contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the company's earnings release and SEC filings. Additionally, all references to reported results that are non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to GAAP and are available in our quarterly earnings materials located in the Investors section of our website.  With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Ark.
David Straube: Rob, this is David Straube. We have had some technical problems with our webcaster. We are going to go live to reading our script. Can you just confirm that your [Technical Difficulty].
David Straube: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. By now, you should have received your copy of the earnings release for the company's first quarter 2020 results. If you have not, a copy is available on epam.com in the Investors section. With me on today's call are Ark Dobkin, CEO and President; and Jason Peterson, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made on today's call may contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the company's earnings release and SEC filings.  Additionally, all references to reported results that are non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to GAAP and are available in our quarterly earnings materials located in the Investors section of our website.  With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Ark.
David Straube: So as Ark mentioned, we did have some technical challenges with the initial replay of our call. The entire replay will be available on our Investors section within the next hour. I want to thank you for your patience and your time today.
Jason Peterson: Thank you, Ark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with our first quarter financial highlights, follow with industry vertical performance and then touch on a few operational metrics, ending with thoughts for Q2.  Revenue for Q1 came in at $651.4 million, a year-over-year growth of 24.9% on a reported basis or 26% growth in constant currency terms, reflecting a negative foreign exchange impact of 1.1%. Q1 revenue was higher than expected due to a greater-than-planned level of availability across our client teams, along with stronger performance from a few of our acquired companies.  During the quarter, we delivered consistent growth across the majority of the industry verticals. Business information and media, which in Q1 became our largest industry vertical, posted growth of 46%. Life science and healthcare grew 26.4% in the quarter, reflecting a tougher year-over-year comparison given the exceptionally strong performance in Q1 2019. Software and Hi-Tech grew 21.9% in the quarter. Financial services delivered 16.2% growth. Travel and consumer grew 14.6%. And our emerging vertical delivered 30.3% growth, driven primarily by clients in telecommunications and energy.  From a geographic perspective, North America, our largest region, representing 59.9% of our Q1 revenues, grew 23.1%year-over-year [indiscernible] of our Q1 revenues grew 28.6% year-over-year or 30% in constant currency. CIS, representing 3.8% of our Q1 revenues, grew 36.8% year-over-year and 45.8% in constant currency. And finally, APAC grew 4.7% and now represents 2.1% of our revenues.  In the first quarter, growth in our top 20 clients was 30.5%, and growth outside our top 20 clients was 21% compared to the same quarter last year.  Now moving down the income statement. Our GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 34.9% compared to 33.9% in Q1 of last year. Non-GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 35.5% compared to 36.3% for the same quarter last year. GAAP SG&A was 19.2% of revenue compared to 19.5% in Q1 of last year, and non-GAAP SG&A came in at 17.6% of [Technical Difficulty].
Jason Peterson: Yes. So I mean maybe I'll start with the high-level point that our focus really is on controlling costs, including labor costs, while minimizing the impact on the employee base. And so we do want to make certain that we've got sufficient sort of capacity and capabilities to respond robustly to what we expect the improved demand environment in the future. So if I were to provide a little bit more descriptive color, late in Q1, we put significant cost controls in place related to discretionary spending, okay, including hiring. As we saw a slowdown in demand and that became more apparent, we dramatically reduced production hiring as well. We also began to evaluate whether or not we had the right staff in the right roles and began taking some performance-based actions. And then clearly, relocation, travel events, hiring-related expenses are well controlled just as a result of everything going on with COVID-19 and the related restrictions. And so as we move forward, we're going to make certain that we have as minimal impact on employees as possible but, at the same time, being kind of mindful of overall profitability. And I think that's implicit in that 14% to 16% profitability range that we guided to for Q2.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I think that, Ark, you may have missed the first portion of our script, which we're still trying to figure out how to resolve. But we've talked about the fact that we've been able to even do kind of business development remotely. We've got daily kind of war rooms with each of our business units, which we're talking about, not only some of the downsides to demands but also the upside and potentials that are made available by this kind of unique environment. And we continue to see opportunities, including kind of new engagements and in some cases actually potentially new engagements with new customers during this environment. With that said, obviously, there's clearly challenges in the environment. But kind of longer term, we feel very good about the expectations for the business. And again, in Ark's script, he talks about the fact that we look forward and expect to return to the greater than 20% growth over time once we come out of this crisis.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I would say that I don't think that there's, let's say, a difference in terms of our ability to command a premium. But we've got clients in, for instance, the travel space who are seeing revenue declines of 70-plus percent. And then we also have retailers who got a slow start in China and now have a higher percentage of their stores closed. So the pricing environment certainly isn't the same today as it was at the end of the Q4 call, where I would usually talk about kind of regular price increases as a result of a scarcity in the market. But we're responding to our customers' challenges, okay, and doing so in a way that won't have a long-term impact on our profitability.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So to be clear, we just did want to put that out there as a possible scenario. We see a little bit of stability as this evolves. But at the same time, we realized that we're not out of the woods yet. I just wanted to acknowledge that as a possible scenario.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I'd say, for instance, travel and hospitality, you can imagine is going to be a challenged space. And for us, that includes both retailers and consumer goods companies. All that would be impacted. Our emerging includes energy. And so clearly, that will have some impact. We continue to see very strong demand in business information and media, as you expect, saw a very strong demand in Q1 and are still seeing good, strong demand in Q2. In financial services, it's probably a little bit mixed, still seeing some good growth there. We do have another one of the European banks which is showing some declines, and we expect to see some declines in Q2.
Jason Peterson: Yes. It would probably be kind of E, all of the above. And so what you see in some cases is companies that need to sort of just tighten their belt a little bit. In some cases, you see companies that are suspending certain programs. In some cases, you see companies that are actually accelerating programs or starting new programs. So it's not all negative. Some companies and clients are somewhat more concerned about their cash flows and are asking for what I would call sort of relatively modest extension of payment terms. And so it kind of varies. And again, it's kind of embedded in our expectations for Q2 in the reference to potential sequential decline in Q3. And again -- and what we're trying to do is make certain that we respond to our customers' needs but do so in a way that doesn't sort of permanently impact the business or the business model over the longer term.
Jason Peterson: Yes. Maybe I'll just answer this super tactical question around utilization, and then I'll let Ark talk about productivity and how our workforce is performing in this new environment. From a utilization standpoint, this is going to be a quarter where the utilization is going to be very much informed by the revenue number. And so as we tried to communicate is that we want to be highly productive of the workforce. I think it's the right thing to do. And longer term, it's important for us to maintain our capabilities for what we expect to be very robust renewed demand in the future. And so if we end up at the low end of the range, we'll have lower utilization, as you can imagine. And if we end up the higher end of the range, the utilization will be pretty solid. Ark, do you want to talk about...
Jason Peterson: Yes. So increasingly, we're seeing more business information and media customers in the top 10 as well.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I'm going to actually just talk about some of the processes that we use just so that we've always had a very robust kind of process around our pipeline. And we have a system that we use and a set of daily updates. And so we have an updated sort of daily pipeline. In addition, we have instituted processes during this more variable time where we have sort of a daily series of sort of business unit stand-up meetings where we talk about potential ramp-downs, potential opportunities, other sort of sharings around areas of opportunity in the business. And so we've got a very sort of regular updating of activity around clients.  And then we're staying as close with clients as possible and connecting with them on very regular or maybe even daily basis to get inputs as to kind of what their plans are and importantly where we can help them. And so that's the reason why we can give you a very good sense for kind of Q2 because we are running an even tighter process than usual, and we've got very good processes in place around demand. But the challenge is you just don't know what's going to happen, I would say, more kind of macroeconomically and kind of what happens kind of, I think, as economies and cities and states and countries try to reopen. And so I think that's why we've been more careful about any guidance around Q3.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I mean, it would encompass the range of that, right? Certainly, you've got customers, as I referred to earlier, in the travel and hospitality space who are seeing 70%, 90% reduction in their revenues. And those customers are clearly having to make the types of decisions that you would make if you saw that type of reduction in revenues. And so you've got some ramp-downs or sort of need to sort of reduce expense there. We obviously wouldn't have the same sort of pricing ability that we would have in other quarters. But at the same time, we also are seeing some demand increases. And in some cases, we're seeing clients come to us who are maybe having trouble with other vendors and looking for us to sort of support them with both their existing programs and with new programs.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I would say not from a firing standpoint or anything. And from a credit standpoint, we're trying to be very mindful of sort of credit risk in this environment. And what I would say, if you're referring to the growth rate in the other than top 20, is that we've had very strong growth, particularly in some of the customers in the BIM space, which have increasingly moved up into the top 20 and continue to grow very rapidly. I would say that a lot of our, let's say, other than top 20 are very large global companies that do have sort of large potential wallets. But we do also have a large number of small and midsized companies in the other than top 20. There's a fair concentration of travel and hospitality companies in that space, and we probably have seen some slowdown in those customers, as they obviously sort of recognized that they were seeing a slowdown in their business. And so I don't think it's a trend, but I think you did see a little bit of slowdown in the other than top 20 in Q1 and probably somewhat related to the economic circumstances of the overall sort of global marketplace.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So good question. I'll just take the more tactical cash question, and I'll let Ark talk about customers. And so from a cash standpoint, cash collections were pretty strong in Q1 and actually, so far, in Q2, look very solid. But we do expect some slowdown. And as you stated, is that we do have some customers that are looking for sort of temporary payment term extensions, and we do want to be mindful of their business environments. And so I do expect that cash collections would slow down somewhat in Q2. We were over $900 million in cash and cash equivalents in Q1. I would expect that we'll see a modest decrease in our cash position by the end of Q2, and that's probably somewhere in the high 800s. And so again, still a very strong cash position but somewhat lower than in Q1 in part because of the somewhat slower cash collections, as you call out. And I think Ark can talk about customers and kind of what we see from new customers, existing customers kind of...
Ark Dobkin: We're clearly trying to find any bright spots in any situations. And in this situation, clearly, there are multiple opportunities, including M&As. But at the same time, it's probably too early -- like we didn't kind of cut any of our activities. We're looking at this. But probably, again, it's too early to see how attractive results is going to be. And also, as you understand, besides price attractiveness, there is -- for some of them, they're really changing the business. And we need to evaluate both criteria, how much impact was there and how price correspond to this. So -- but we will be definitely watching this.
Ark Dobkin: So I think from comfortability of remote operation, I think we are pretty comfortable. I think people -- in general, EPAM is a much more distributed company by design. And the number of delivery centers and size of this is very different from many other companies. So distribution wasn't like any real problem when we were moving to work from home very quickly. And I think it is pretty effective. And as you know, also from other sources, people are working in this environment unexpectedly productively, at least, that's what happened even in our engagement with the clients, even in consulting engagement, which now is starting to be performed completely remotely. So I think it's -- that's not much problem right now.
Ark Dobkin: Yes. And we cajole that our work-from-home at the moment is working much better than this call today. So -- because like -- and we're relying on an external agency for this. So I have to say this, too. Sorry about some inconvenience. It seems like you didn't hear a big portion of my introduction to the results in the quarter. Okay. We will try to address it through the Q&A. Sorry about it.
Ark Dobkin: I think that there is like -- the situation, in general, what we call and everybody call business-not-as-usual, and this creates completely different variety of demand. There are some situation when there is [indiscernible] and independently from pricing for new programs because some of the clients trying to prepare themselves was going to be after the crisis, and they understand that this period of time could be just extra availability of the talent and opportunity to build something in advance just for a couple of quarters. So -- and then there are some industries which is under huge pressure. So the variability of the different situation is pretty broad right now.  But fundamentally, we're very, very confident that it would come back. We don't know when, 1, 2, 3 quarters. But the demand would be probably even higher than what was the end of last year. And because of everything that's happening. Again, it's pretty odious right now, and we're trying to prepare ourselves exactly for this comeback. And we're pretty sure that pricing is not going to be an issue afterwards.
Ark Dobkin: I think if we would be able to estimate it better, we will share it. I think as soon as we know, we will know. But that's exactly what we see all scenarios right now possible.
Ark Dobkin: And on productivity side, so we operate in like in this environment probably for a little bit more than months because like somewhere at the end of March, we moved practically everybody. Right now, it's 98% of our people working from home, and all of this was done just in several days. So first of all, infrastructure and level of distribution, EPAM traditionally was working on, was prepared for this. And the level of distribution traditionally was very high. We have multiple delivery centers, and it was historically to be able to reach out to maximum talent we can. So from this point of view, when it moved to home, it was kind of the next extension of the traditional model we have. And we didn't -- on top of this, you can understand, when we're talking about platform and everything else, there are a lot of things which we're trying to -- tried in the past how to measure productivity and how to make sure that in this distributed environment, it works. So that's why I think we didn't see, at least so far, any impacts on day-to-day operation. Opposite, we have seen a lot of compliments from our clients about how speedy we are and how productive we are in this environment, specifically in comparison to many others. So that's why from the model point of view, we don't see any significant changes.
Ark Dobkin: So top 10 is a still pretty broad group. We have some travel companies there. We have financial companies. We have technology companies. In general, actually our top 10 are doing pretty well, but there are exceptions there as well.
Ark Dobkin: Yes. I think there are multiple assumptions how everything is going to change or a portion of this, how much a work-from-home or an additional level of distribution and delivery model would be accepted. We actually were doing some experiments before and tried to ask clients if they would be open for this. And in general terms, it was pretty negative reaction. And then everything changed with this event. So I think the level of acceptance of distribution are a different level of acceptance of the much more distributed talent, and how to orchestrate and originate this type of work will be very different after the event -- or again, it's very different already. So I think it would have impact on how we're working in the future.
Ark Dobkin: Let me bring a little bit color like let's start with what's really happening. Let's try to think what happened at the end of March or second part of the March when suddenly, governments starting to issue very special conditions how to operate. If you think about it, like at the beginning of April, we didn't think we could even guide because nobody knew what's happening. Clients didn't know how they could -- can they create their production lines kind of starting, they didn't know what's happening with their clients. Like, for example, at the beginning of April, we saw that it would be much worse than it is. That's how dynamically everything happened, with clients starting to communicate very different things. Then 1 week later, they're starting to change their views.  Then another week, they're starting to change their views. That's why when you're asking these questions, you can say that everything was on the table and everything was happening. Why we could guide at the end eventually for Q2, because with our daily standup, with our kind of realtime signals from clients, from the market, we saw that the core for this change become much more predictable and stable. That's why we decided to share a guidance for Q2. But at the same time, it's still pretty volatile. It's volatile enough that we don't know what will be in Q3. And that's exactly what we're sharing.  So what we also understand is that if clients saying something today, good or bad, it doesn't mean that it would be the same position 2 weeks later.
Ark Dobkin: And just to give you like another color like how difficult to answer these questions because there is no simple answer to express like in 1 minute. But let's say, consumer goods or retailers, which one of the industries which is damaged mostly because all stores closed. And the first reaction for them, to save money, and that's what they do in the first reaction. Then second reaction, we need to increase e-commerce. The third reaction, our e-commerce already increased, our systems were not designed for this volume. Can you help? So -- and there's a variety. That's why it is an opportunity from a business standpoint because the most damaging industries actually tomorrow will be the most demanding industries because they will have to prepare ourselves -- themselves. And that's happening as we speak. But again, they need to mitigate a lot right now. Their profitability, usually, like adidas, for example, states that their profitability dropped 95%.
Ark Dobkin: Probably the industry which we will feel better is health care and life science. They're more stable. They understand the demands right now. So at the same time, it's pretty volatile across -- even inside of the industry, depending on the company, we're seeing a little bit longer term versus short term and ability for them to invest right now. We're seeing like some demand coming from the -- exactly, as I mentioned before, industries which is damaged. But they understand in 2 or 3, 4 quarters, they might have very interesting advantages and start to invest now. So it's more like, in some cases, company by company, and -- while clearly travel and hospitality and retail under pressure, and oil and gas, if you will, as well because you understand what's happening in energy right now, too.
Ark Dobkin: Yes. As I mentioned before, we are preparing for this for some time. We were running special scenarios for business continuity for a long time because that was a key area for us. And so far, we didn't have any issues. We actually have, again, some benefits because it seems like our clients are thinking that we're doing better and some opportunities triggered by that and by some problems across different other vendors. But it's one of the key areas, and I don't think anybody protected here fully.
Ark Dobkin: So it's very difficult to generalize. I don't think we are losing clients. I think everything would -- other people who are asking if we have some clients starting new projects slower, some clients delaying decisions? Maybe pipeline is not as strong as it was like 1 quarter ago. But in general, there is -- proportionally, it's proportionally kind of across the line, everything happening. And listen, I think the answer: in numbers. I don't know how to bring additional color on this. And I think that would be different in a quarter. And that would be different in a couple of quarters because as we mentioned, volatility across client base is very high right now. Some of them are very active, some of them under-reactive even to the situation. So we will see what will be happening with the next quarter or two.
Ark Dobkin: Okay. Yes. So far, it feels more normal. So -- and also, telco and media are so -- like it's also pretty different businesses in some respect like. And in our case, it's the same category. Clearly, telco is right now having a lot of growth opportunities. So -- but so far, it's performed for us relatively well.
Ark Dobkin: Because in addition to just advertisement, all of them considering a huge number of opportunities to provide online services and new type of services as well. Some of -- nobody from us even was thinking about it like a couple of months ago.
Ark Dobkin: Thank you, everybody. Again, sorry for some technical problems with our provider for the call, and it seems like you didn't hear part of message which was delivered. So I think David will comment on this after me. So -- but thank you for joining. Yes, it's a different time. So we went already, in our history, through multiple recessions. So -- and when we're thinking about -- I'm thinking about this, it seems like it was relatively long period of problems when I was refreshing my memory and looking in the specifics. It usually was maximum for two quarters, and then we were seeing demand coming back. It's very difficult to say if the same pattern would happen here. It is a different type of crisis. But I think it's pretty obvious that this type of crisis is actually putting on digital services very, very different demand. And this is the core of our business. And all we're doing right now, preparing ourselves for comeback. That's the goal #1. And this is a talent, and this is financial stability on the exit of this. And I think on both of this, we're doing pretty well. So with this, I'll come -- yes.
