Arkadiy Dobkin: We have several very strong strategic relationships in financial services. And with all difficulties which this industry is facing right now, we're actually seeing a good opportunity for us because type of services and kind of expertise we can provide. So the growth relates to several very large accounts, which is growing with us but it is also partially relates to kind of a recovery of financial services in the former Soviet Union region which we mentioned last time that it's -- was kind of question of us, how successful it's going to be this year. So we also have several new accounts but their contributions at this point probably not so critically as we hope that as becomes visible in the next quarter results. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: In comparison, if I understand the question correctly, in comparison to what we know in the beginning of the year and what we know right now, I think it was pretty much the communication from the client kind of in line with what is happening during the year. It was some small surprises, negative and positive. But in general, it was pretty consistent. In regards to the 2013, right now, we don't think it's the right time to actually comment. It's the beginning of planning period and probably we'll understand much better the situation kind of in the beginning of the year. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: We do believe that it would be sustainable. The question at what rate was actually the difference between these 2 growth rates. So why it's sustainable? Because as we mentioned, we invest in a lot in specific competencies and vertical expertise. And we're getting in the areas where we hope to get higher rates and eventually better margins. And yes, you can see it a little bit from now, but it's still our investment. We invested in branch, invested in training, invested in a lot of people right now and some on-site -- increasing on-site presence also. But all of this actually is our effort to kind of distance our revenue growth from our headcount growth. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Well, we have a little bit different strategy in our different labor markets because what we do in Belarus is different from what we do in Ukraine, or what we do in Russia, or what we do in Hungary. In general, I think around 30% [ph] of our people coming from universities. And in this case, they have a pretty significant period of time inside training facilities at EPAM. Sometimes for several months, but sometimes up to 5 to 6 months. So in Belarus, this percentage is higher. In Ukraine, it's lower based on the historical kind of situation when  [indiscernible] was started and what actually is the skills pyramid and skills experience we have. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: From what we have said already, clearly Financial services and Retail Consumer is growing very fast. Also, our ISV or product development services expertise allow us to grow as well. So this is 3 main drivers for our area. On specific cases we have several strategic accounts which committed to the relationship with EPAM and it is very predictable kind of the growth. Probably, if you look at our top 10 clients this year, there are 5 of them were growing over 40% and we still have very large opportunity, practically in each of these clients. Only 2 clients were declining significantly like Thomson Reuters and one more around 20% or more. And another 3 clients practically flat, plus, minus 5% or so but we have, like, from top 10, 5 are clients growing very, very fast. We're also increasing the number of clients with over $5 million in revenue. Each of them have a pretty good potential to become even bigger and we have several of them, specifically in Retail and Consumer Services group and ISV & Technology group which have a potential to grow over $10 million. That's during this year or, let's say, during the last 4 quarters, we got about -- over 10 clients with $1 million run rate already today and half of them having potential to become in the next 4 quarters, $10 million in size. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think I was sharing this during the my note that around 89% of our revenue come in from the clients who are with us at least for 12 months, and 76% coming with clients who with us over 2 years. So basically, it's a pretty, pretty strong stickiness in our client base. If you think about software companies, they usually releasing software in pretty stable cycles and it creates a very strong relationship. So there are some clients specifically in several hospitality area where you might get onetime big project and it might be finishing after this. Still we hope that this relationships would be continued but besides this area, most of our client base, it's very long-term and very stable, including our revenue stream. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: So from -- if you think about our key industry focus areas, we talked about ISVs a lot. Financial Services probably the most understandable market in IT outsourcing service. But then if you look at the Business Information & Media, Consumer and Retailer, and Travel and Hospitality, all of the 3 segments is very dependent right now on new type of business models. And most of them are driven by digital strategy and include the Internet mobility and cloud deployment. So I think all of these 3 industries very much demanding these types of skills, and these types of skills usually very new. So that's what we're trying to explain, that we accumulate in the skills probably faster than most of our competitors because we're working with a lot of technology companies and getting kind of early [ph] exposure to these new trends and converting them to the experience, which is very much in demand in this segment. So that's probably kind of explanation of importance and what's driving this. From the point of view of geography, how it's split around, clearly, North America and Western Europe providing a lot of demand. But what's interesting is this experience, which we accumulated in these regions, actually now are driving some success for us in former Soviet Union region. We even didn't mention that together with Financial Services, probably e-commerce type of applications right now is the weakest driver in the region for us and for[indiscernible] as well. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Well the most of the growth you see in Retail and Consumer coming from this. Big portion of the growth in Business Information & Media also coming from this type of services. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Just the proportion of the total business between these 3 segments, it's more like what you mentioned, 40% or 50%. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: There is no any news we can definitively share right now about the future. We hope that it stabilize. We actually -- as I mentioned during the last couple of quarters when addressing the Thomson Reuters questions, we have some opportunities outside of the area of where we have decreasing business. But at this point, it's too early to say. So at the same time, you saw the announcement that we discussed -- not actually starting some partnership which, again, too early to say where would go but definitely, the relationship is normal. A lot of it depends on the, actually, business of Thomson Reuters itself. That's why it is very difficult to comment right now. We hope that it stabilizes based on the Q4 kind of the size. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: At the end of the third quarter, it was mostly done. It's clearly still affected the third quarter results. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you, very much. Thank you for taking time to participate in our call today. We appreciate the interest and we're happy to entertain a call for any follow-up questions. So on this, I would like to conclude this call today. Thank you, very much. 
Ilya Cantor: Sure, I think we are within what we consider to be our target operating margin range, so adjusted income from operations this quarter is about 17.4%. I believe we said previously, it was anywhere in, as you said, mid-teens up to upper teens. We also said previously that we would continue to reinvest some of the margin back into the business into initiatives such as expanding our on-site presence and strengthening our competencies and competency centers. We have been doing that. It has been -- we've increased our on-site presence by about 100 basis points from the beginning of the year. It's not exactly where we want to be but we continue to push forward on that initiative and some others. But yes, I mean our target operating margin range is from about mid-teens to upper teens. 
Ilya Cantor: I'll take the first question, Ark will take the second question. On the currency question. Last quarter, we said that Q3 and Q4 would be negatively impacted by currency to a tune of around $3 million provided that rates stay where they were. The euro-pound-ruble in particular came back, as you guys know, from that time. So the currency -- the negative currency impact on Q3 and Q4 was not as great as we thought. And instead of about $1.5 million per quarter, we were impacted by about $1 million per quarter. And obviously, I'm talking about Q3 is an actual and Q4 as an expectation, assuming that rates stay where they are today. As far as income of currency on the margins, again, we're relatively neutral as far as P&L impact of currency on our margins and our bottom line. Really what you see is swings in the topline offset by -- sorry, offset in expenses. So that's about the currency. A little bit more on Q3, compared to last year's Q3 we had a negative impact of about $1.7 million. But compared to prior quarter, Q2 of this year, was a positive impact of about a couple of $100,000. So Ark, I believe the second question is what we're hearing from customers... 
Ilya Cantor: And I'll add to sort of the -- part of the upside surprise that is causing us to raise guidance. One thing Ark already mentioned earlier, which is what we're seeing as a slight recovery in the financial sector in the former Soviet Union, as well as we were also developing a very good relationship with a very large retailer in Canada, which came about as part of our acquisition of Thoughtcorp earlier this year. And then there was just broad-based strength across, as we said, most of our verticals and we're definitely seeing a lot of indications of budget flush in Q4. 
Ilya Cantor: And also, David, just a rough estimate, people that we transferred from or have transferred from Thomson Reuters to other accounts, other new or faster-growing accounts, at higher rates, at full run rate, you would generate about $400,000 to $500,000 in internal revenue per quarter. That's at a full run rate. 
Ilya Cantor: Yes, Alexander. So yes, we do have a good amount of cash in the balance sheet. And our balance sheet in general is healthy. And now we are looking at a number of M&A opportunities. We obviously cannot talk about opportunities we're looking at in detail. We are also continuing to invest in facilities as we talked about before, our projected investment in total for the new men's facility is about $18 million to $20 million. Of which we've spent only about half so far. And we're also looking at other facilities in Ukraine, for instance, which would also generate incremental benefits in terms of reductions of overhead and increase in resource brand awareness in the region. So while it may seem like it’s a comfortable cushion, if we continue to execute with our M&A strategy as planned and with our facility expansion, then we are utilizing our capital in line with our expectations. 
Ilya Cantor: Dividend policy, no. We do not intend to change our dividend policy in the near future, same as with our peer group. 
