Jason Peterson: Our expectation would be that utilization will actually increase somewhat in Q2 and probably throughout the remainder of the year, certainly in the second half. And so utilization, we guided to the fact and we expected that utilization would come down from Q4 to Q1 of 2018, with the idea that we wanted to make certain that we had sufficient resources to be able to support our growth in the year. But throughout the remainder of the year, you should expect that utilization will increase somewhat. 
Jason Peterson: So we continue to be successful in terms of bringing resources in to EPAM in addition to the attrition rate throughout 2017 decline on a quarter-over-quarter basis throughout the entire year. And the attrition that we saws here in Q1 is actually quite a bit lower than what we saw in Q1 of 2017. So we think we’ve done a fair job of managing retention and adding resources. So we feel good about our ability to continue to drive revenue growth based on resource availability. 
Jason Peterson: So we expect to be in the range of 16% to 17%, as we’ve sort of guided. We do think that we’ll see an improvement in revenue that’s largely associated with our organic revenue, so that’s not coming from the Continuum acquisition yet. So again it’s an improvement in the demand environment and what we are seeing on the horizon. I don’t think I could comment as to exactly where we’re going to be in the range, but generally what we do see is in the second half of the year is that we do see improvements in our adjusted IFO, yet our (inaudible) revenues grow and that’s when we see an improvement in the utilization numbers. 
Jason Peterson: So we’re seeing growth from both the existing customers and then we’re seeing significant growth from new customers. So that’s why you see the high growth rate in our business, and as Ark said we are just participating in a different space, wealth management platform, asset management platforms being more customer facing technologies. 
Jason Peterson: I can talk a little bit about Q1, so if you look at the quarters, we’ve probably picked up about $1 million related to foreign exchange versus the rates that we were using at the time of guidance. You’ll remember that the Continuum acquisition occurred at the very tail end of Q1, so we only had about two weeks worth of revenue from Continuum. So that had a very modest impact on revenues and so really what you saw versus guidance is just substantial has kind of over performed based on demand in the market. 
Jason Peterson: It’s consistent with the guidance that we had at the beginning of the year. I will reiterate that in terms of the growth and the increase in the guidance is that at this time it’s exclusively from our organic revenue. We’re seeing some nice traction in terms of customer engagement and in meetings and we do think that longer term that you’ll see some nice benefit from the Continuum acquisition. At this time the take-up in guidance for revenue is exclusively due to our organic growth.  From a wage inflation standpoint, it’s pretty consistent with what we’ve talked about in the past. It’s maybe up slightly, but I would put in kind of the modest as we continue to get price increases from customers on an annual basis at least a subset of our customer base. We continue to see opportunities for full price increases with new engagements, and generally I think that the pricing opportunities and the wage inflation are not materially different than what we’ve seen in the past. 
Jason Peterson: So we haven’t really included any revenue synergies in our guidance. We’re seeing that we already are sort of engaging mutually with clients, and what we think overtime that we’ll be collectively able to engage on larger programs as we sort of combine the capabilities of the two different companies. 
Jason Peterson: The overall profitability standpoint is, we had expected that we would see a dip in gross margin in part because we had intended to take down the utilization so that we could grow throughout the remainder of the year. At the same time we’ve been very focused on improving our SG&A efficiency and you kind of get there two ways, one is by looking at – there are probably three ways.  One is looking at current spending and seeing what you can do to optimize that spending. Other is to make certain that you’re adding appropriate headcount and making investments in the areas that will most effectively certify revenue for office. The third obviously is the revenue growth, and so to the extent that you’re growing revenues rapidly and then you’re controlling your SG&A expense that the outer (inaudible) produces in the SG&A efficiency and that’s something that we’ve been very focused on. Well since we’ve put our plan in place for 2018 and as we execute throughout the year. 
Jason Peterson: So first up from the Continuum standpoint, for our full year guidance Continuum is in at somewhere less than 2% of revenues and that’s consistent with the press release we did at the time of the acquisition as well as the updated guidance. The point that I was trying to make earlier on (inaudible) wasn’t clear is that the increase in our guided growth rate for 2018 is a result of our [mechanic] revenue growth, not due to synergies associated with Continuum at this time. And so Continuum is in the number, but we’ve actually taken up the growth rate guidance for the full year, and that’s exclusively due to the strength that we see in the organic demand. 
Jason Peterson: And quite simply we are growing both with existing customers and with new customers. We have a significant amount of revenue coming from again what we call new customers, which are measured as customers, which we engineered revenues in the last 12 months and so we’re getting about 40% of our revenue growth from those customer and then the 60% from the existing accounts and there’s substantial growth opportunities in both the existing customers and in new customer opportunities.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Ash this is Arkadiy. So you’re breaking out connections is not too good. But as I understand you’re asking if increasing revenue in Q1 is a one-time situation or it would be propagated over the – and does this pull in as we as the year number as we’re seeing and that’s what we’re guiding to. And increase in number of people, it’s a reflection of how high utilization numbers at the end of last year and do we play in to improved fertilizations slightly during the year, that’s what Jason was referring to. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: So that’s a different combination of people clearly, and we always were saying that one of the opportunities for us to improve and create better end market connection with our clients. So we’re looking for consultants which is partially not billable account managers, number of account managers and vertical expert is very different utilization target that our general population of engineering. So that’s why I created pressure on the G&A as well. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it’s pretty consistent creation of our public life, and I think a situation with silent competition, all of this was very difficult. And I think we’re talking about it practically each quarter, and it’s not related to Eastern Europe or India. Again as you’re really pointing out, it’s all over the United States and rest of Europe as well. So this is constant pressure. And we’re living in this situation for most of our years of existence.  At the same time, we paying a lot of attention to retention and it feels like, we mentioned today that we’re continually investing in internal system to understand motivations of our people and we’re creating different rotational programs, different competency spot, different conferences like the type of project each people have opportunity to participate, highly (inaudible) as well.  So there is no one simple answer and probably it would be like very separate discussion. But we’re putting a lot of efforts around this. And our investment probably in talent management and retention over the last year is certainly the way I like is increasing too. We’ll probably discuss how much we invested in each of our function and how different it is today versus like five, six years ago when we started with a public company. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: But it’s a challenge and a challenge for everybody. So this is one of the main challenges in the industry.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Good question and the answer is yes. We’re trying to apply whatever we’re thinking might apply to clients and experimenting in our kind of internal (inaudible) how we can improve internal efficiency, because of our SG&A cost and just improving services insight of a (inaudible). So that’s one of the things we’re constantly doing. And this is through, not only for this, but any type of technology we could impart internal operations. So this always was part of our effort, and some proof of concept which we’re doing internally including demonstrating to the clients as an example how it could be visualized. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: There’s definitely not one answer to the question, so it’s a combination of things. And as we – again over the last quarters we are pointing out that we are not necessary with representation of financial services across the global delivery industry and we’re focusing on a little bit different subset of engagement and applications which has given us better opportunity to grow.  And this is probably consistent with previous statements this quarter. But on top of this we have a couple of new logos which we started within last nine to six months, where each contributed the growth in financial services for Q1. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: It probably sounds unusual from the numbers point of view, probably doesn’t sound so unusual for us internally here. And then I think we’ve seen bigger number which is attributed to a number of clients which were growing pretty flat during the last couple of quarters. And again, for the rest of the year, we’ve seen exactly what we’re guiding for and as we try to do each time. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again it could be very little concern, just in a couple of sentence we say already [key] towards the communication to [denote] this time. We’re coming from a really strong contingent on the ground and on top of this we’re trying to push the right client facing capabilities, industry expertise, any means consultant experience, experience designed in experience consultancy. And with all this we’re trying to keep up our engineering strength because that’s what actually matter when you delivering whatever that wasn’t required. And that’s a continuous effort and that’s what we think probably still differentiate us, and we don’t want to lose this advantage and engineering part, while we’re trying to go up in value chain with additional services. That’s not so magical. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we’ll be able to answer in much more detail like in 18 to 24 months from now. But in general, within the last five, six years we were aiding different type of skills to a point which we didn’t have inside and continuing one of these attempts as well to bring different type of people and see how together we would be able to impart clients better.  And at the same time, it’s not completely different to EPAM because Continuum is a combination of user experience and design thinking together it’s a physical product expertise from industrial design to prototyping of real physical products and to reducing with our attempt to play better role in or a key role with our clients with industrial engineering and utility energy. So that would be very important addition to us, the same like in healthcare and retail.  So we’ll see how it would be working out, there’s no simple answer right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I do believe there are a number of opportunities between our client portfolios and there is some slight love, but we’re working in different direction, but the whole goal is how actually to putting it together. That’s exactly the point. I think we will see how to work in line 18 to 24 months with a short term impact. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think, in general, our pricing model is not changing much. So there are some experimentation with our companies but it’s extremely small number or proportion of our revenue right now. Very insignificant, but we experimented with this. In general, it’s the same challenge we have. We still need to improve in market capabilities to make sure that we reflect on potentially better outcome and solution in case we do it. So, again, I don’t think anything changing significantly in our pricing situation.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it’s also in line. Last quarter’s Healthcare Life science was softer than other, but I don’t seem it to get the reflection of the market. It’s a specific situation, several clients and we do believe that life science healthcare will reach the same level of growth which we felt like in several next few quarters. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Our approach right now is relatively simple. We’re not trying to build completely separated line of business or revenue stream coming from consultant. We’re trying to find the right kind of combination for consulting and design heavily supported by our engineering capabilities. So basically we’re trying to empower final solution in which we build through right decisions and right design. So that’s why our consultant line of revenue not necessary will be soon leased to the separate one, because this is how we’re trying to bring more value to the clients and probably eventually improve margins not to kind of make more operations to margins. But it would require investments and that’s what we’re doing and clearly in some of the quarters it would be pressure once the margins before you achieve what we already confirmed. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: And we were like talking about lack of additional corporate structures for our site as we were growing very fast, and during the last year we put a lot of investment in this area including (inaudible) issue, people attrition, people management, talent acquisition. So and now we’re kind of a little bit are benefiting from this, because we build structure and now we just need to support it. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: And as to talent pool, I think we experienced the same pressure which everybody else. So the relatively is there are significant differences between different Eastern European countries we operate in. But in general we’re experiencing exactly the same challenges which all companies experiencing globally. So there is a global lack of talent, there is a pressure on rate inflation, there are a lot of efforts which we need to put to retain people and let away people. So that’s all over the place. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Well we’ve definitely seen a lot of interest in automation because for many company that’s one of the few opportunities actually to improve the iterations and for many traditional establishing companies and financial services, insurance space, this could be huge savings as there are a lot of experimentation there, and it’s very challenging because of usually a combination of what people say in automation but change of the process and internally engineering as well as a combination of all.  You guys been seeing this, you’re paying attention to this, we are participating in this as well. Probably very much in line with what Cognizant and (inaudible). But again we try to bring our engineering advantage there, because with all these new technologies, with all this new products on the market, there are a lot of engineering challenges to make it efficient and implement it. So we hope that we will benefit from this.  So with regards to block chain and machine learning and artificial intelligence, this is still pretty (inaudible), but we do believe that it would withdraw faster (inaudible) and western incompetence’s and expertise all the time. Also just to mention that we traditionally have some advantage because we have a good portion of our revenue coming from software technology companies and we see and are helping to experiment even in units of project development stages with our clients.  And we’re seeing through their eyes sometimes what and how first implementation look like and actually bringing it back to our quarterly clients as well. So I think we have some advantage because of our heritage and portfolio of our clients. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: So on (inaudible) it’s probably dozens of projects and some of them are definitely moving to implementations. But it’s still experimentation because this implementation still have to prove that it wants which products. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it’s also a consistent trend during the last couple of years. So we – as we mentioned we have new logos come in and some of them growing pretty fast, and growth below our top 20 is way over 20% right now. So, I think this is just a deflection of reality in the specification. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: We’re always open for any type of partnership and opportunities to work with. As a company it would kind of complement our capabilities and allow us to grow to bigger programs. But there is no such an issues, we can talk about it and that’s been happening from time to time. At the same time, we strongly believe that we need to have some consultant capabilities really inside of the company to blend with our other services much, much tighter. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we have pretty well diversified number of locations right now. So clearly everybody is thinking about us as Eastern European, the center kind of become, but at the same time we have India, China and Mexico. At this point, we’re paying a lot of attention to make sure that we have well balanced delivery locations and focusing how to grow all of them because that’s practically a function of client demand and client who wanted us to have this locations and clients location in many cases and driving operations in all of this global places. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you everybody for joining today. I would like to thank all of our employees for the good start of the year, and if you have any questions David is always available to address and talk to you in three months. Thank you.
