Arkadiy Dobkin: Good morning, everybody. I think you're asking if or because we were a [indiscernible] trends. One of the concerns coming from clients because of special conditions we are working and second was [indiscernible] economy. And so, what is the main driver here. And I think definitely both of them were playing a role in our previous estimation. I think at this point we definitely see the economy driving the behavior of the clients and the biggest impact on our kind of guidance and forecast on what's happening. And on top of this, if you remember, our previous guidance call was at the beginning of February and already in the beginning of March we will always hear news from the banking sector from North America first and very quickly from Europe as well. And all of these were translated to increased [indiscernible], which was very visible. Specifically on the transformational programs, as I mentioned. So I think at this point, we believe it’s a general slowdown [indiscernible] latest events.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, that's exactly what I’m saying and clearly after our previous call, some new things were happening and now that were driven by client question based on the economy.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think that's what we're trying to bring kind of color during this morning [indiscernible] definitely like when the economy acting like this, clients are definitely reacting on this accordingly and the question on pricing and discounts all coming to the play. And this is part of the life right now. It started several quarters ago as we were talking about it, but it's become very visible, specifically today. And that's exactly what we try to highlight that we're executing kind of with multiple approaches. One of them, yes, we do something which not necessarily our traditional approach. We try to put ourselves in client choice. We're trying to understand what we can do and help in short term actively changing some models and focusing on the insurance that we maintain and the relationship with the client and continuously serving them. So -- and that's a big portion of what's happening today. So let's answer to your question. While at the same time there are still transformational deals that’s still happening, not at all at the level [indiscernible] like 12 months ago. And we focus on this and we continuously doing this. Again, we continue to work in the future as we mentioned. But definitely cost pressure is here.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Listen, we understand what you're asking, but I think we reflect on exactly what we're seeing right now. And unfortunately, last quarter, we were seeing this differently.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And the stability right now is very different, like this is a pretty new environment. I don't think we can compare this with second quarter of 2020, it was a different reaction of the clients much more sharpened. So right now, it's different, but yes, that's what we see. And I think everybody needs to think about quarter-by-quarter adjustments because that was what we will be the next quarter.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we also try to educate how we're thinking about it. And based on what we saw in our previous slide based on what we think happened with technology right now. We mentioned that we're thinking in terms of quarters, but that's a question how many quarters two, three, four quarters. Not in terms of [indiscernible] the market will restore. That's our belief, we're making mistakes as everybody else. But in this case, still the same quarters versus years.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And it's definitely combination across all of the different environment. When somebody telling you that we will delay for one quarter, we will start next quarter and the next quarter, we said we have to do it for another quarter and what is happening for several then. Okay, that's not a cancellation, but it's definitely not allowing us to count on this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we see programs which started to show up in conversations and based on this, we seek for moderate increase in demand. Especially like if you think about how much technology is potentially changing; as we speak, a lot of experimentation starting and we've seen a lot of conversation across practically all industry components. So that's how we'll get right now for the H2, but it would be moderate increase.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don't think we saw during the last 90 days, specifically as we saw more delays and more delays with decisions and delays with the strategic programs, which we were promising. At the same time, there is a pretty big consolidation effort across the industry. And specifically, consolidation efforts versus pricing and cost cuts, cost kind of sales. So it could be impact across the portfolio in this area, for sure.
Arkadiy Dobkin: This is a whole part of the pressure. That's exactly what we try to -- I try to explain this morning that when transformational progress on the [indiscernible] was becoming the main driver. We all know it. And the recent redistribution of the budgets is results. But again, that's why we show the stat, which we're sure. On the other side, it's critically important, and that's what we believe is the reason. Now both quarters, the situation will be changing as we -- many times we see how this redistribution of work were coming back because then you need like actually to deliver and deliver with the quality and deliver on new technologies and business changes. We unfortunately have to share our projections right now as is exactly because of this, because of cost situation and many decisions which clients making right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And on M&A, I would -- as it -- it's pretty much same approach we have before. We're looking for things, which is longer term or strategic, and there is no any specific efforts to make situation better for the short term. So, it's all about longer term what would be happening in the [indiscernible]
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we do believe we have -- again, as you know, as we communicated, it's not a primary focus of our services lines. But at the same time, we have the skills we were building on [indiscernible] we have people who understand what to do in this area. And from technology skills in some situations we have definitely capabilities to apply this for cost-out engagements. So we put in our efforts around it. I don't think it's about specific risk [indiscernible]. It's still, even with this effort, it's relatively a small portion of what we do it in general, and there is no goal to repurpose company for this type of cases. So this is much more tactical effort for us those quarters, which we believe this type of trend will be before the market will come back. So we still invest in the very specific area for the future growth.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So this is what we do as we speak. At the same time -- okay, let's -- from the beginning. First of all, absolutely, clients understand that we have a different delivery kind of structure today. So that's what also I was talking this more about that we bringing new clients and existing clients coming to new geographies, which they didn't experience with the bank before. And we have pretty good progress because it's not already like one or two quarters. It's already almost like 18 months. And we have a new client, which is very typical clients as for engineering differentiation. And technology services, which come into new locations with us as well and appreciate the differentiation which we them because again, as I mentioned, the direction was taken even before war started for globalization of our services and investments were done in different regions for some time. First of all in India, but then very actively in Latin America as well. Other degrees for us like Central Western Asia, which is benefiting strongly from the Italian from our traditional historical locations as well. So, which is a little bit more predictable from this point of view for clients, too, because some projects move in there because of the talent well. So from this point of view, there is everybody that is direction. So from the portfolio of the business, definitely, we do more new saw experiencing with our staff. We also were growing over the years application management component as well, but it's still a relatively smaller portion of what we do. And it's addition user addition to transformational work, which we do it as soon as we do it big modernization, we have taken on increasing components of application management as well, but still focused on transformation program, as I mentioned. What we see right now is that the delayed and we do believe that while Q2 definitely was impacted I think some of that will start to be realizing in H2, and that's why we believe that it would be some growth there because there are too many programs and we don't believe that clients will be able to afford to delay the full load. They already delayed them for multiple quarters. So I think it's -- it will start with H2.
Arkadiy Dobkin: All right. I think we do believe that the news of the market was impacted a lot of decisions. And it's not necessarily impacting just banking or financial services, but most of the other industries put a lot of programs on hold. And you can see with company like this announcement of other technology-driven companies due to the last couple of months. So this is the sole part of the same very kind of sharp reaction of the situation. For transformational aspect of all the services which we provide. And as a reminder, that this is majority, big majority of what we do.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And if you will, this is, in some ways could be accidental or driven by a couple of clients, but in some ways, very logical industries, if you see, because software and high-tech more obvious life science, if you've seen how much investment was done there during the core time and how much all the investment was done as well with current situation, some things should be done and a lot of sinking would be that way vestment were pool. So I think it's a lot of thinking is by science industry right now after a huge spread due to the pandemic or big portion of pandemic.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you again for joining us. And, yes, it's unusual period in our kind of life after a significant growth and now seeing a little bit different well, but again, our belief that technology will be derived in the future. We didn't talk too much about all this nice conversation about open AI, et cetera. But we do believe that a lot of engagement, digital ecosystem will have to be rebuilt very, very soon and it will be inclined for competition and those who would like to drive the future will come to us for help as well. So thank you, and talk to you in three months.
Jason Peterson: So, no real challenges in terms of delivery or the ability to add headcount or to get work done. But as Ark said, it's really an issue of kind of the uncertain macro environment and clearly more uncertain than we expected by the time we kind of get to summer. And we think that's having an impact on customers investment decisions. From a wage standpoint, we did do our promo campaign here in Q2. And as we talked about, we clearly were seeing wage inflation over the last year, but I think you're going to see a more muted wage inflation environment through the remainder of the year. And then just the pricing environment is clearly not one that is super supportive of price increases and we're finding both clients are cautious in terms of spend and in terms of rates. And even sort of new engagements or requiring that we sort of sharpen our pencils a little bit.
Jason Peterson: And so, we saw those couple of ramp downs that we talked about, which one in the health care space and one in the tech space and those were largely -- not largely, they were very much sort of economy-based. A client making a decision just based on kind of how they were looking at their future revenues and profits. What we're seeing today is more kind of, let's say, a trimming or adjustment to spend, which is generally a contraction. So Bryan, it's not a people saying, Hey, look, I'm not going to do any work. It's just people sort of reducing their spend. And as Ark said, eventually, we think that people have returned to a need to make the investments to make their businesses competitive and successful in the future.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So I think with the updated guidance is that, we're probably thinking that utilization is going to remain more in the mid-70s rather than the high 70s in the second half. However, we do have characteristics in the second half, with generally the higher bill date in Q3, social security caps and a little bit of trend up in utilization. So I am expecting that gross margin will be maybe somewhere around the 33% for the second half. SG&A and other areas of variable expense, we're definitely working to control. And so, SG&A will likely be below 15% as a percentage of revenue. And then what we're looking to do is still run the business at sort of close to 16% for the full year. But what that means is the second half will probably be closer to our -- the top end of our traditional 16% to 17% range.
Jason Peterson: Yes. And despite, obviously, the guidance for Q2 and some of the growth figures you see in the top 20 and the below top 20 is, we aren't seeing a significant amount of new logo activity. So there's a fair number of wins, a lot of new MSAs being signed. The challenge right now, David, is that most of those new programs are relatively small. And so, they're not contributing to the same extent revenue growth as they might have in the past years, but we are sort of hopeful that they'll grow over time. And then just a quick comment on the growth rates that we saw with the top 20 and the below top 20 is with the movement of clients between those cohorts and particularly the two clients we've talked about in technology and health care when they move from the top 20 to out of the top 20, it tends to distort the growth rates, particularly in the below top 20. And so, that's why we're seeing a somewhat lower level of growth outside our top 20 clients.
Jason Peterson: No. That continues to be a really significant focus of the company, right? So in addition to maintaining the existing relationships and growing in existing accounts, there's a huge focus on new logo activity. And just the only challenge right now -- in past years, you might have initiated a new relationship and seen millions of dollars of revenue in the first quarter and maybe over $10 million in the second quarter or third quarter. And right now, just people are more cautious about their budgets. So those relationships are starting with kind of smaller projects. But I think over the period of quarters, may take into 2024. I think a number of those new relationships are going to produce growth, and I think it will begin to show up in our numbers. And at the same time, and I think I talked with some of you kind of face-to-face is we got a little bit of a two steps forward, one step back scenario where we are having some of the larger clients, not discontinued relationship or shift work to another vendor. But what they are doing is they're trimming their budgets. And so, while we get some of these incremental revenues from new clients, then we also have these offsets that are coming from larger clients looking to sort of trim their spend, and that's kind of the behavior that we see in Q2 and was more pronounced than we had expected when we guided in our way in February.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So M&A continues to be a priority. As always, we want to make certain that we're acquiring assets that we think can be integrated successfully and will help us sort of drive and evolve our business. And so, we have active discussions going on today. I can't comment what we're going to close and when, but certainly, we've got some active conversations occurring and you likely would see something in the future. And then from a share buyback standpoint, we did initiate our program in Q1, it was modest, less than $10 million bought back, I think, 30,000 shares. And I would expect that we would continue to move forward with participation, although we don't have a predetermined level for Q2 but expect to be active in terms of share buybacks in the quarter.
Jason Peterson: I mean there are still a handful of large deals that are out there, they were expected to generate revenues in the second half that are significant mainframe to cloud type engagements that will have significant revenues. And I think we talked about this in the last conference call as well, which is that, most of the new work that we're seeing is generally smaller in size. There are relatively fewer clients who are kicking off large-scale transformation programs. At this time, they're looking for kind of near-term return on their investment. They're looking for modifications updates to existing platforms rather than sort of creating new platforms. And again, it's back to the, let's say, the instability in the macroeconomic view is long as people aren't certain whether the bottoms are going to be in Q3 or Q4 or Q1 of 2024, it just makes it more difficult for people to make investments in large-scale transformation programs.
Jason Peterson: Yes. Our focus continues to be on a return to stronger demand over some period of time as Ark talked about, whether that's two or three or four quarters. And to make sure that we're making investments in the business that will allow us to continue to advance our capabilities and be successful in the market. And at the same time, we are being very careful in terms of spending really addressing discretionary costs, controlling anything that's more variable in nature. And Ashwin, trying to drive the business at least to the do it around a 16% or maybe slightly below that range. So trying to maintain profitability throughout the year at 16%. And what you'll find then is that the second half will have stronger profitability just because there are characteristics that make gross margin stronger. And then with continued focus on SG&A efficiency, I expect that SG&A will go below 15%. So again, it will be a focus on the longer term, so we don't want to do anything that hinders ourselves to return to growth. And at the same time, we want to be careful about our discretionary spending.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So quickly, on the Life sciences and health care, it's largely a significant sort of ramp down. And specifically, they put a program. They effectively sort of ended a program kind of restarted some work, but not specific to that program, and there's been a very significant difference in the revenues we generated last year from that client from the revenues we expect we'll generate this year. And then, from a high tech standpoint, again, you've got the one client, but then you also just have a generalized kind of slowdown in spend and I think we all see in the news from the high-tech sector.
