Arkadiy Dobkin: Probably when we look at historically, we still have pretty good level volatility on a quarterly basis and even on annual versus across our verticals. And again, we believe that with still with our size, which is definitely growing, this type of volatility depending on one, two, three, four, five large accounts could be still in place. So it is, I think, difficult to say. And if you look at it quarter-by-quarter, it was changing champions practically all the time. So I think in general, it would be something similar at least for this year. And there is unpredictability, but some industries which is the most impacted by COVID might actually start to invest even more like we see in retail, for example, or even travels might start investing more to prepare for common work. So sorry, but difficult to predict.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. Let me, David, start from Belarus because, yes, definitely, there is some influence on what is happening there, similar like it was very much impacting how we sink in involve diversification on our global delivery events in 2014 around Crimea and kind of Russian-Ukrainian conflict. So then we accelerated our presence in Central, Eastern Europe and India and Latin America. And during this period between 2014 and 2020, we definitely were moving to this direction. And I think we continue to move to this direction. So there are multiple new centers, which we are opening, and there are different cost structures there. So I will pass to Jason to comment on specific.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think, again, there is some slight impact, and also sometimes hard to predict at this point, because you learn on the way. But again, we have much, much more practical points that we have had like five, six years ago. And on top of this, if there is more significant impact on margin that it would come from different tax situation changes across the globe as well, so that might be a bigger impact. But it is completely unpredictable.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it is two different questions, like in general, definitely. First of all, like prediction of changes was like multiple years ago. Even internally, we started very specific programs how to establish a much more flexible environment for people and to support high distribution, but not to lose in quality and how to find the right talent like in any locations around the world. And we started this like practically three-years ago here. And COVID become a real accelerator for this source, and we felt probably a little bit more prepared than we expected before. And that is one part of the story. And clearly, client-by-client there are different situation. But for sure, there are more acceptance than it was 12-months ago. And it helps to experiment and kind of to build additional proofs for much more distributed model. That is all happening. On another side, when you are talking about cost factors, it is also has a multiple attributes there because there are simple thinking that which cost will be saved, but you have to invest more in this distributed virtual infrastructure. Sometimes it is increase in wage inflation because acceptance of distributed model becoming bigger, and actually, competition for the talent growing as well. So there are too many moving parts right now to say how it would change the cost model.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And I think top 20 is a change in a lot as well, so some companies which come in exactly from below top 20 and becoming one of them, and there are good level of volatility at the top.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think there are definitely visibility to a number of large programs because I do believe that good number of clients already kind of analyze what did happen and create strategy out of this and actually very aggressively moving in the direction to make sure that they prepare for the next unexpected things which might happen. So I think there are a number of big programs, some of them much better shaped, but some of them will be shaped during the next one or two quarters as well. But from what we are seeing, again, it is a number of big engagement is increasing for us here.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don’t know if you can share something which you don’t know from our message how we predict it. I think we were comfortable enough to return to our annual guidance cycles. And in kind of big picture, we are doing this very similar like we were doing this pre-COVID. And while there are some bigger program happening, we also become bigger. So it is in some way, very rational from our point of view. So I think, again, our visibility and predictability methods right now very similar to what we were doing like in pre-COVID times.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So it is actually broad, I men - okay. I think we see this as well. It is also very difficult to kind of talk about it when asking what it does mean digitizing because this is not a very well-defined area and different clients thinking differently around this. But definitely, cloud migration and modernization, it is a huge change in the last several years. While everybody is talking about it for almost a decade, the real impact as we all see happening during the last several years. And I think COVID is a huge accelerator of all of this. And from this point of view, we definitely see much more interested and much more audience to focus on this, and kind of related to previous questions, which we answered for them too.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Definitely, There is some preparation for this. And for those who are wishing us for - since IPO days like you remember that we were very heavily concentrated practically in a couple of countries. And while we still have consideration in these countries, right now, it is much, much smaller portion of this, so which we prove that we can do it and can scale in different locations. And right now, we are looking at a second kind of degree of geographies, which is not necessarily very new for the global market, but might be relatively new for us. And that includes like our acceleration, for example, in India, our acceleration in Latin America. But also in a number of countries across our traditional locations. And again, the criteria usually, there is IT infrastructure there. There are some talent which was built out, attracted by competitors, but also the quality of university system. In some situation, when there is a kind of natural migration due to geopolitical situation, we select in some countries which would be much more comfortable for people as they decided to relocate as well. And partially 2020 was kind of a combination of these two things.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think very often the challenge is not just to grow, but actually to grow responsibly to make sure that you keep in balance between demand and supply. And this is almost like a through those stuff. Form this point of view, that is one of the key kind of challenges which we try to navigate.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. I think from general direction, North America and Western Europe is by far the main priority. The rest of the markets, which Jason mentioned, priority is how to serve our global clients in these markets and establish ourselves a little bit better. And that is what was happening during the last probably seven, eight-years when we came to China because of UBS, for example, and starting to expand. So I think it would be growth in APAC even with some local clients, but again, it is not going to be really significant. But the growth with the global clients, which we serve in North America, Western Europe and extension to different markets from APAC, to potentially Latin America is, well, very much anticipated. And with our size, we have almost unlimited opportunity in the markets where we are.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. I think we try to illustrate today with a couple of examples. But in general, it is definitely in my material statement, say, it is a journey and we did a number of acquisitions to build experienced consultancy capabilities. We build in business consultancy capabilities at this point organically. And we do believe that we have a very good foundation for technology consulting capabilities. And the more important for us, how to bring them all together and create, in some way, the Continuum of offering linking these to engineering. That is why, like in the past, we stated multiple times that we are not even looking on specific line of service and consulting to separate from our traditional engineering, but actually the real strong point and from this point of view, I think during the last two years, we saw a very positive impact. And I think 2020, to our surprise, being such a range in difficult year, actually triggered multiple wins where we entered new clients through very different point for us from the past and in return started much more significant programs for ourselves with a big potential. And also, we had a couple of wins against top consulting firms in the world, which making us kind of much more comfortable thinking about the direction which you selected. So there are very good signs that it is moving forward well right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. Thank you. It is a very, very interesting question, which triggered a lot of internal debates. Like on our management calls, we discussed it, the executive team going for vacation for 6 months or nine-months after this. But in general, we definitely put in the model a lot of source, and we are projecting accelerated vacations, assuming that COVID really will give up more than we are seeing right now. But yes, it is one of the moving parts right now. But our current model anticipated some increased vacations afterwards [indiscernible] will be done.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. Thank you. Thank you, everybody, for attending. Again, we all know how tough was 2020. And we really hope that 2021 will be different year while we all understand that it will be a mix of different things. We are looking positively to overall situation. And hopefully, our next quarter will be different from the second quarter update last year where completely have to change the whole picture. So hopefully, it will be different this year. Thank you very much, and talk to you next time.
Jason Peterson: Okay. So I think the first thing I would say is that our guide is expected to communicate that we do feel that sort of the middle point of the guided range of 16.5% to 17.5% or 17% is really kind of how we are thinking about the business next year. And if I sort of break it into two components, we expect that SG&A will go up somewhat as a percentage of revenue. So I think we exited the full-year at about 16.4%. I think for the full-year of 2021, you would be looking at something heading towards 17%. And some of that is additional investments in the business, and some of that is the return to some amount of normalcy in spending later in the year. But you can see that there is still some benefit that results from that, because prior to the pandemic, we were running at over 18%. Now from a gross margin standpoint, what we expect is that we will continue to see strong growth as evidenced by our guide on the top-line. We do think that we will continue to make investments in growing the business. That will include traditional sort of headcount additions and all the infrastructure that is required to attract talent and bring talent into the company. But then it also will include an expansion in geographies, Poland, India, Mexico, maybe other places in Latin America and other places in Europe. And so those investments, at least probably in 2021, have a somewhat negative impact on gross margin. With the idea that they are subscale at this point, we need to grow them rapidly. And then as they get closer to scale, they will have more consistent profitability. And so the guide kind of incorporates, again, a somewhat elevated level of SG&A, maybe a slightly lower level of gross margin, again, as we invest in our infrastructure so that we can increasingly become a much larger and, of course, more global company.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So as Ark indicated, so we would grow more rapidly naturally in some of these other geographies. But Belarus is part of what we are looking at this point. And we probably will see some employees who may help us stand up operations in Lithuania and may help us grow pull and even further. From a gross margin standpoint, when you start a brand-new facility from scratch, kind of the way we did in Lithuania, initially, you will have very low utilization, you will have additional infrastructure costs that aren’t necessarily carried by rates. But again, those are relatively modest facilities. In the case of Poland, where we are still subscale, it is got somewhat lower levels of profitability than a couple of our at-scale operations like you would find in Belarus and Ukraine. So again, it is a more rapid growth rate in those entities, which have a somewhat lower level of profitability. And then, David, I think, longer term, as we get those countries and those individual delivery centers up to a more appropriate scale, I think you will see an evening out of the profitability and the gross margin.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So David, as Ark said, it is somewhat difficult to tell. But I think as we work through this fiscal year and into the next fiscal year, I think that is when you kind of get to a more appropriate scale and again, more kind of normalized margin.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I think, David, one of the things that is been interesting about this year is that we have had a number of customers that have bolted right from modest revenue in 1 quarter to being in the top 20 within three or four quarters. And so some of what I think Ark’s talked about in the last couple of quarters where clients are feeling the need to really accelerate their investments and rapidly make the investments that allow them to transform the business, means that they move from being outside the top 20 and almost immediately into the top 20. And I think that does kind of distort the top 20 growth rate. I do think that you will see some growth from some of the larger customers in the top 20 in fiscal year 2021. And at the same time, internally, when we look at the statistics for new logo revenues, in new customer revenues, which are customers that began generating revenue within the last 12-months. We are seeing that those are increasing as a percentage of total revenue. I think that sort of shows up in the concentration metrics, particularly as we move from Q2 to Q3 to Q4 in the 2020 fiscal year.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So we haven’t traditionally forecasted new customer revenues. Instead, we kind of look at the trends kind of historically. But I think as Ark pointed out at the end is that we are seeing a lot of customers begin their journey with EPAM and very rapidly move into the top 20. And so again, it is interesting, as many of you have noted, is that we are already seeing growth again in our Travel and Hospitality. And it is not because travel has improved, but because there are retailers and consumer goods companies who are making quite significant investments right now to revisit their business while either to expand an existing e-commerce strategy, to create one, to find different ways to connect with customers, to deliver products with customers. So you are seeing a lot of lot of spending in that area. You are seeing a lot of spending in manufacturing, again, with more sort of a digital connection. And so I think you will see growth in some of these customers that are relatively small for us. But we also have a couple of large customers that we are expecting high levels of growth from in 2021.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So utilization, I think, is fairly consistent with utilization that we exit with here in Q4. And so we are not expecting a significant uptick in utilization. And we are not expecting unless didn’t come in as expected that we’d see a significant decline. What we are seeing, as Ark indicated, is wage inflation. Historically, I think I have talked about 4% to 5%. Wage inflation in 2020 was probably more in the 5% to 6% range and probably would stay in the5% to 6% range in 2021, and so maybe a somewhat elevated level of wage inflation. And pricing is, again, it is kind of a mixed environment where newer engagements, particularly with the high demand for resources and again the robust demand for the type of work that we do provides some opportunities. But there are probably some existing customers, particularly in still impacted sectors of the economy, who are a little bit less open to the idea of a 2021 rate increase, that are signaling to us that they are more open and quite open to a 2022 rate increase.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So that is fair. So I think that we still think about the business very much as a diversified portfolio, whether we are looking at industry verticals or customers. And I think Ark said it at the very beginning of the call, which is, it is a little bit hard to predict which customer is going to drive the growth with absolute certainty in a given fiscal year. We certainly are seeing some customers in the top 20 that we think are still going to have high levels of growth. We are seeing a few that are going to slow down. One thing I could call out is that we have had very high growth with large customers in the business information media space. We continue to have very significant relationships with a number of those clients who are now very much in our top 10. We think that we might not see as much growth in fiscal year 2021 certainly as we saw in 2020. We have got growth coming from some new manufacturing customers. We have got some growth coming from some IT customers with more of a health care flavor to them. And so again, I think you are going to see a little bit more of a return to the EPAM traditional growth rate in the below 20, but it may not be quite the way it was three or four-years ago because I do think as we continue to have established relationships with large companies and are seen as that as a vendor that can get things done inside those companies, you do get growth inside those portfolios.
Jason Peterson: So clearly, we have invested in our capability or our capacity to add additional headcount. And so as we get bigger, as we make those investments, we talk about this is the biggest incremental growth that we have had in the history of the company. But clearly, we are putting in place a structure that allows us to continue to do that. But clearly, Q4, we are kind of catching up from Q2 and Q3. And so right now, we might not have as much headcount growth expected as we, for instance, enter Q1. But again, we are running at a hotter level than we have in past years, in part because we are seeing that the demand is very strong and we are putting an infrastructure in place that allows us to meet that demand.
Jason Peterson: Right. So I talked about this, I think, every quarter, and I’m going to add something to what I have said in the past. So the M&A pipeline, quite active in our discussions with potential acquisition targets. And at this point, we are quite advanced in our discussions with several companies. And so I do expect that we will be talking more about that in the not-too-distant future. We continue to have a focus on capabilities. But also, geography would probably play a role as well. And the focus might be on helping us with kind of end markets, so again, more customer facing. But in some cases, we may use an acquisition to get us an established position and a management team in a country that we don’t have as much experience in. So I think you will kind of see both of those things in 2021.
Jason Peterson: I will answer first, and I’m sure Ark have something to say as well here. So I think in some cases, the market investment that is more customer focusing may still be in places like Western Europe. I think in terms of longer-term expansion, I do think that APAC continues to be an opportunity for the company. As you know, most of the revenue does out of Western Europe and North America. And we still are, I would say, underpenetrated in Asia Pac. So longer term, I think that is definitely an opportunity. I think you are beginning to see slightly elevated growth rates in APAC. And I think that, particularly, there is interesting opportunities in the Singapore market. And so I think kind of longer term, I think you will see greater revenue. But I’m not necessarily expecting that to show up in a material way in 2021, but more kind of in future years.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I think there are opportunities with some of the newer engagements. And particularly, you are right, when there is strong demand and supply is a little bit more challenged, that produces opportunities. But I think with some of the long-standing relationships, it is a little bit more mixed, right. It kind of depends on where they are in terms of their own demand, and a lot of people still have some uncertainty. And so we still see pricing opportunity. But maybe a little bit cautious on the ability to tick up rates as frequently as we have in the past. And that is important kind of what informs the guidance with the midpoint of that range being 17% adjusted IFO.
