Arkadiy Dobkin: We clearly are like not going to go in details on any specific opportunities. But in general our operation in China focused to serve first of all, and this would be for us a priority, to serve our existing clients. So we already share with the client from, again, even before acquisition. So there are some opportunities to expand global projects with a big part initiated in the region. But additionally, right now we're talking to several – our existing global clients which consider into – which allows us in expanding in the region. So – . And again, that would be our first priority. We are not planning right now to extensively market for local Chinese enterprises.Moshe Katri – Cowen and Company: Right. Thanks.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, I only can repeat practically the same information we shared at last quarter. So in general we're growing in Ukraine, as we mentioned. So there are different situations with different clients, some of them fled, some of them growing, some of them going down a little bit in specifically Ukraine. So for some of them we put in more effort to bring them to different locations. But again, in general demand still exists and we're bringing new clients there. And just to repeat myself, I think that the demand for clients is so big that if some clients slowing down there kind of consideration for delivery from Ukraine there are some other clients which picking up this opportunity. And that is what we're seeing continues right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So this 18% actually includes 2 acquisitions, so you can think about it like it is around 300 people in comparison from last year was part of this 18%. I think in general we – and again, from organic point of view we were thinking about probably 16%, 18% total increase. But again, we will see what is happening during the next couple quarters and how the staff which we brought with acquisitions would impact it.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again multiple, multiple factors, general increase in blend in the rate. So each is coming from new contracts which is happening at higher rate as a rule, especially that some of them relate to more advanced work and price differently. So increase – as part of this as well, increase in headcount in United States and Western Europe. Annual increase in existing contracts, so a combination of all of this actually driving these factors.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. No, I don't see this trend. I think in line with what we were kind of sharing for the last couple – during the last couple calls, I think the driver here for many of our clients actually to build new type of publication sooner than later. And that is driving the demand. And in many cases there is almost no option to do it internally.
Arkadiy Dobkin: That is right. In general because while clearly there is a demand to fulfill this demand with right capabilities it is a challenging task. So we're kind of still between those two. And there is like while in general the situation that's impacting us, but you can see that, for example, our revenue in CS slowed down significantly and even to replace all the stuff and repurpose some delivery capabilities which would take time. It is not necessary that 1 or 2 quarters would be enough.
Arkadiy Dobkin: But again, in general I think the growth is balanced between demand and our right – specific capabilities each client is looking for.
Arkadiy Dobkin: In my opinion maybe some very small ones, credibility of which were impacted by separation much more than more established. So maybe very little ones. But I don't think so.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, a combination of those two, it is acquisition plus projects which we started there. And again, that was the reason to do acquisitions because we know that we have some opportunities in the region.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, and thanks for question because it is exactly kind of in line and the reasoning why we shared this information because it is clearly impacting our organization and how we operate. And as you remember, our acquisition of digital strategy and experience design capabilities like almost 18, 19 months ago and [integration] of these capabilities, which bring new opportunities but clearly bring new challenges because, as I mentioned, it's similar to our clients. Kind of complications happen inside of organizations when you integrate creative parts and engineering parts. And that is a challenge which we do believe that we overcoming. And we've seen a lot of benefits from this. We also started to hire people with – we talked about it before – not once with consultant we're ground, with very strong industry we're ground. And the main point how to actually integrate all this, how to [inaudible] harmonize all this [inaudible] into the clients to bring not 3 or 4 or 5 organizations or skills but actually one. We're changing the profile of people we hired and we're changing some stuff in the Company to make sure it is happening. Because we do believe that the ones who would be able to do it in more efficient way to merge all these capabilities in one we think will be bringing the future opportunities.
Arkadiy Dobkin: From one point of view it does and I think it is on an organic basis it does accelerate. At the same time with one of the recent GGA acquisition kind of we changed this ratio again because from one point this Company has a very, very strong industry expertise in life sciences space. From another point of view their onshore ratio is very little. So basically we kind of went forward, a little bit back, now we will need to compensate for this as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I just treat this table like – again, you can calculate easily from the acquisition date and our projection right now around $16 million [ph], for example, so you can get this number pretty simply. But from – it is a pretty stable contract, so long-term. So there is no [inaudible] seasonality there. So it is not consultant, consultant [inaudible], it is basically pretty much stable services through R&D parts of life sciences.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, that is exactly – we very much believe that we would be able to apply a lot of current capabilities which we develop certain other verticals to this one, because they become very much dependent on kind of system engagement type of applications which we build good expertise to deliver during the last several years.
Arkadiy Dobkin: In Minsk anyway, so it is still [inaudible]. And by the time we finish we probably will grow to another building again.
Arkadiy Dobkin: There is definitely risk like that. But – and the answer would be we're not impacted directly by the sanctions but probably sanctions if not yet potentially can impact the economy in Russia and it would in turn impact our clients and us as well. So, but as you can see even during the last couple years, the trend was the proportion of business in Russia was going down for us and we don't consider this as a very big risk. From the point of view which allows resources, we will be able to reassign these resources to other clients. But again it would take some time. So basically the worst-case scenario, if something would happen very kind of transactionally, like if something would happen overnight then it could impact us for a couple quarters. But we rather expect that it would be more kind of transitional work if anything. And also I would say that – and I mentioned this during our last conversations. During the last couple years we decreased our dependence in Russia from government services a lot. So we still have some clients which are partially owned by government, but at the same time some business in Russia coming for us and increasing from private enterprises specifically in retail and consumer goods areas where we're implementing a lot of new large e-commerce implementations kind of independent from sanctions. But again economy could impact this as well clearly.
Arkadiy Dobkin: 7%-8% a year each. Big portion of this coming from new contracts signed in high rates. And some of this from increasing the annual rates moving people from one skill set or experience level to another. So I don't think I can give you more information on this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it's both. So there is some utilization – some level of the utilization impacted by acquisitions. And also increase in [inaudible], because you know there are 5 kind of cycles there and we were talking before that we, for example, in 2012 hired a lot of people and then we were utilizing this bench due to the 2013. Now we have a little bit of increase in starting to kind of compensate for this. And, yes, June vacations also already impacting [inaudible].
Arkadiy Dobkin: No. We in Minsk we always rely significantly on leasing external space. And we have a good base of this and we have enough – enough room there.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay, thank you for joining today. Thank you for listening to us. And we hope to continue reform and update you in 3 months. Thank you very much.
Anthony Conte: Okay, yes, from a stock comp perspective you are going to see an additional increase as we go into Q3. t is probably going to jump up to about – what is the right number, it would be about probably $7.4 million in total stock comp in Q3 once the acquisitions are kind of a full up full quarter worth of stock comp charges. And then that number probably holds fairly consistent for a quarter going forward. And from an amortization of intangibles perspective, it is going to go up probably a little bit – I would say next quarter is going to go up by another $400,000 or so. So I would just factor in an additional $400,000 next quarter and hold that number going forward. And then obviously the write off for the Minsk building, we don't expect that to recur.
Anthony Conte: No, the building – the purpose of the building is obviously to consolidate our people from all the various locations in the Minsk into 1 central building. So what – the delay will just require us to keep those rented spaces for a little bit longer while we complete the building. But it should not impact our capacity and our abilities to recruit and have places for people to sit.
Anthony Conte: We did, I mean our normal CapEx is still going to be in that $12 million to $14 million range. There were probably be an uptick with the building – we're going to have to spend a little bit more on the building now to get that going. And that estimate right now is somewhere in the $6 million range over the next 12 months. So probably this year about half of that and the rest will be maybe next year.
Anthony Conte: That is the plan assuming that we don't grow beyond that capacity and have to look for additional space for growth and headcount. But the plan is to consolidate into 1 location. We will see in 12 months if that benefit is still realizable or if we…
