Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you, Anthony, and we would like to, before we start with the questions, to address clearly critical issue, which probably everybody worry about, the situation in Ukraine. And it's, as we all understand, very difficult and sad situation, to say the least, and our thoughts go to the people who were injured or killed and to their families there. To understand what impact it having on EPAM, first of all, we have about 2,600 engineers in Ukraine, and 1,500 of them are in Kyiv in several office buildings. Fortunately for us, those offices not in close proximity to any of the main government buildings in Kyiv, basically pretty far from the site of the main events, which you might be seeing on TV. So to this point, we didn't experience any interruption in our office infrastructure, in utility supply, in Internet, power and so on. And we don't anticipate any -- the scenario that would cause infrastructure interruption at this point. So all EPAM offices remain open and fully functional, including those we support several large financial clients, which is operating 24/7. However, the closure of main public transportation, the metro, by the government makes it difficult or sometimes impossible for us to have to get into the office. We definitely considered such situation during the last couple of months, and many of our teams were already configured to be securer access, either which relied on EPAM infrastructure or directly client infrastructure. And those measures allow them to work from home. So we are managing the situation in real time and clearly making some decisions in real time right now to make sure -- to address any concern for staff safety and to make sure that people will be capable to return home safely in a situation of worsened. We also allocated additional staff and additional equipment to build and strengthen our capacity for remote communication, for VPN, for any secure communication methods. So today, we have close to 50% of our people in the office. Yesterday, it was closer to 60%. And we have another 40%, 45% of people connected and working with a client project by secure VPN. So basically, at this point, we experiencing about under 10% drop in productivity in Kyiv. No any interruptions in other offices in Ukraine. We continue to monitor situation closely to understand if it would be necessary to execute any other specific plans for all contingencies. And we also consider in these plans very closely to specific account situation because there are different requirements in different situations. To this point, project continue to move forward, and we really appreciate our clients' understanding and support in this situation. So with this, I would like to turn back to operator to start Q&A session.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It's definitely very difficult to say right now. So -- and we understand that it's kind of similar to last year's situation. But at this point, we cannot say that anything like this would be happening or not.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So utilization trend is -- were kind of -- were changing during the year, and it's 2013 where it's basically a function of what was happening with us in 2012, where our bench reached pretty significant levels because, like, all our training capacity were working at full, and plus what was happening with Thomson Reuters during that 2012, when it was still very aggressively downsizing. So what's happened in 2013 is that we had an opportunity to utilize bench, which builds up and then -- at the beginning actually of this last year. And if you will track our increase in headcount quarter-by-quarter you will see that, while our utilization was going up in Q4, at the same time the number of new employees were much higher in Q4 in comparison with Q3 or Q2. So we basically worked to bring more people to the company and utilization during the year will be maintaining around 76%, 78%.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, we're always -- we're maintaining the bench because if you put in staff for new projects internally, usually not hiring just for that specific opportunity but would like to make sure that we have a reliable team to start new projects. So basically, we're going to hire. We probably will be a little bit higher utilization rate than average for the last year, but it wouldn't be at 80%.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. So let me answer on attritions. Attritions for our actual operations was -- voluntary attrition around 11%, which is a little bit -- maybe a little bit higher than last year, maybe 1%, but generally in line with expectations. And in regards to wage inflation, I'll pass it to...
Arkadiy Dobkin: So the -- like in Ukraine, clearly clients who operate in there are going [indiscernible]. And we have constant communication and update with them. So one of the key member of our management team, Karl Robb, he located in Kyiv. So he has very close touch on situation. He lives, like, probably much closer to the main kind of event field than our offices. But again, we communicate constantly with clients and are providing updates. So some clients allowed -- formally actually offer us to move some people to working from home and help us to provide infrastructure necessary from their side. So we have kind of very good level of partnership cooperation with the clients right now. So how it affected the revenue or future work? It's very difficult to say. We didn't see much from existing clients that something changed. So clearly, during the last 2 days, situation become less predictable. We hope that it would be still be stabilizing during the next week. But again, this is -- we can evaluate only real time. So in regards to hiring people, we still plan to hire in Ukraine. We still plan to hire in Belarus, Russia, Poland and Hungary. So all these countries where we have locations today is growing. We will have to evaluate the situation again in regards to Ukraine in next weeks. But I don't -- we don't believe that it would affect any long-term plans for us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, I can give you some color on this. Yes, we have some very good success and we have some disappointments, which, I guess, normal. So -- and increase in business development was visible. But also, hiring the senior staff, for us, was very important to grow existing accounts. So we brought -- as I mentioned, we brought a good number of people from industries with very strong domain expertise in financial services and capital markets space. We brought number of people in retail and consumer vertical, as well. Also, we brought many strong technologies with client-facing capabilities, as I mentioned also, which extremely important for us because we have very good engineers globally but sometimes we have kind of the difficulties and a real gap between what they can do in offshore and actually how this links and communicated to our clients. So that was one of the important, for us, area of focus and specifically around all these competencies which we talked. So I think it's really proved to us that it should work. And I think that this kind of case study, which I was using this morning, is very good illustration of direction which we're going to continue. Because that's exactly combination, when you have strong enough on-site presence, new -- actually, new people which were hired even this year on technology competency were helping to bring this account to the level which is right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So it's very, very, very small portion of our business in other category. So -- but at this point, we expect that all 3 industry verticals will be growing pretty significantly for us. You saw last year all of them were growing over 20%, and that's an expectation for this year, too.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay, Business Information & Media. Yes, this was interesting year because, several years ago, majority of Business Information & Media, it was Thomson Reuters. And during 2011 and '12, it really kind of went down and brought the whole vertical with them. But as you can see, this year we're starting to grow back and Reuters actually itself is starting to grow back. So this is the second quarter in a row when we're growing with Reuters. Now we have pretty high expectations here.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you, everyone, again. So it was a very good year for EPAM and clearly with a lot of challenges. And you see that the challenges may come in sometimes very unexpectedly. So we hope that they kind of will work it over and the situation in Ukraine would improve. So thank you, again, and talk to you in a few months. Thank you.
Anthony J. Conte: We're expecting kind of adjusted EBITDA margins to be roughly in the 18% to 19%, which is historically where we've existed.
Anthony J. Conte: Well, historically, I think our Q1 for 2014 is actually relatively in line with other Q1 performance. So there's nothing specific to highlight that's different. It's just that Q1 is a quarter that just deals with a little bit of a squeeze because we do have a lighter revenue quarter and we put in effect annual raises, so we just feel that normal squeeze. If you look at it, it's fairly consistent with Q1s in previous periods. It's not -- from a margin perspective, it's not that dramatically off.
Anthony J. Conte: The Q4 ramp did come from some of our larger clients. We saw a Q4 push to complete some projects. We brought in some new clients in Q4 that ramped up faster than we anticipated. And that was really the drive behind the increased revenue in Q4. And I think when you look at it, the top clients versus the other, the top clients are the ones that ramped faster. It's just a function of the mathematics. They ramped up a little quicker so we saw more of an uptick from them, and the other clients just continued to trend as they had throughout the rest of the year.
Anthony J. Conte: Yes. Wage inflation for 2013 was running roughly at 9%, 10%, and we're building into the model roughly a similar trend for 2014. So we expect to keep wage inflation right within that band.
Anthony J. Conte: Yes, pricing was roughly right around 8% that we saw in 2013, and we're modeling roughly about the same going forward, possibly a little bit higher. But the range that we keep is roughly in that 6% to 8% range from a modeling perspective.
