Jason Peterson: Yes. The -- I think we feel that the offshore utilization is actually quite healthy. And I'm struggling right now to remember exactly what our on-site percentage is but from a total head count -- but from a utilization standpoint, it's definitely lower than we would traditionally run at. And it continues to be the area that I think we find ourselves somewhat challenged in. And so it probably is also contributing somewhat to revenue growth for the remainder of the year, where we continue to see more demand for offshore and incrementally more demand for India and again, continue to run at somewhat lower levels of utilization on site. And that's something that we are working to address, pull-through demand generation and also through taking some actions, as I referred to in my prepared remarks.
Jason Peterson: No, absolutely. And so the focus has been on sort of cost optimization after we reset our expectations for revenue growth. So we've been more efficient in corporate functions and SG&A. We've been working on utilization. And so yes, the actions that we intended to take are underway and it is beginning to show up probably even in a little bit of the benefit that we saw in profitability in Q2.
Jason Peterson: Yes. And that top 5 client, this is the one that we talked about in the past which is a European business information and media client.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So I'll just start with the more technical, I guess and I'll leave Ark to answer maybe the harder questions. And so from a Q2 to Q3, you'd have higher vacation and more build days. And so you get a -- you should see a somewhat modest improvement but you should see some improvement in revenues just based on what you can call kind of technical or seasonal factors. And then in Q4, it will depend on what type of vacation levels we see. But usually, you would see even a little bit higher levels of vacation in Q4, lower build days. And then, of course, the question is going to be what type of furlough activity we see. So generally, there is a somewhat significant impact just due to seasonality. And so that's kind of what we're modeling at this time, again, is that generally, a very modest improvement up from Q2 to Q3 based on seasonal factors. And then some degree, a decline unless, as you said, we see some type of budget flush or again, we're able to influence the level of vacations that employees take. Ark, do you want to talk a little bit about overall demand or where we're seeing [ph].
Jason Peterson: And I would just add that we're working to change the trajectory in Europe and we are beginning to see some better conversations and opportunities kind of appear there. Again, so that's an area where we're looking to sort of, let's say, change the picture. The other thing I think you see in our fixed fee which continues to go up, we're continuing to sort of explore and work with clients to have more of a committed kind of model around what we'll deliver for a fixed fee or a fixed monthly fee and that's a reflection of what we're trying to do to respond to customer needs and win more business.
Jason Peterson: There's certainly some programs where we're clearly working to include AI productivity improvements. But no, we would continue to hire and I think you'll continue to see hiring in the types of geographies we've been talking about which is more kind of offshore certainly with someone [ph] in Latin America.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So we're continuing to work on utilization. And the improvement in Q2 was probably a combination of efficiency with SG&A and continued to focus on improving utilization. I think what we've talked about over the last couple of quarters is that we continue to have an opportunity because we've got a fairly heavy pyramid still including in India. And so what we need to do is make sure that we're introducing more juniors into the mix which generally has a broader sort of pyramid, it improves profitability overall, also can allow you to be a little bit sharper with pricing. But the Q2 improvement in profitability was not driven by a shift in India. Again, it was more kind of these operational kind of efficiency factors that we're continuing to work on throughout the remainder of the year.
Jason Peterson: Forward improvement, again, is the work that we're doing on utilization improvement, reducing the bench and ongoing efficiency in SG&A. So again, it's just a focus on certain areas of our operations that we think we can see some further sort of reduction in spend certainly as a percentage of revenue.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So I'll let Ark talk a little bit more about the type of work in progress. What I would say is that from the last time we spoke with you, Jonathan, is that India is likely to make a somewhat -- a very slightly greater percentage of head count by the end of the year. So last time, Ark and I were talking about something approaching 20%. We now think that India will be slightly above 20% by the end of the year. And what you are seeing is a modest pressure on average bill rates as a result. And that probably is also sort of shaping how we look at the second half. So it's not super significant. But I think last time -- sometimes we would utter the word, 19.5% and right now, we think that India is going to account for just over 20% of our head count by the end of the year. So we continue to see a modest gradual shift there, while at the same time, we are seeing improved utilization in our other areas of operation, in Europe and Western and Central Asia. So it's not as if all the demand is shifting to India but we are seeing ongoing kind of increment in India. Ark do you want to talk about type of work or...
Jason Peterson: Yes. And the last time we guided, Jonathan, we did talk about still expecting a very modest improvement in demand and what we're now saying is we don't see that improvement in demand. And so we try to be quite prudent with our guide. Clearly within this quarter and clearly, having set the full year guide which obviously is how we're thinking about Q4, it does very much -- particularly if you take the full guide of $4.590 billion to $4.625 billion, it does encompass even things like some potential reductions in demand due to cost reduction efforts at clients or that type of thing. And so I think we feel pretty confident that, again, we have a little bit of sort of downside as clients continue to be sort of cost sensitive. And then the upside probably would be a little bit more in the lighter furloughs, maybe just a little bit of kind of budget openness in the remainder of the year. And again, our ability to probably influence the level of vacation taken by employees to again, give us a little bit more capacity in Q4.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So you're correct that it has been trending up and probably will continue to trend up somewhat. And so it's a mix of what would we call percentage of completion and what is sort of a fixed monthly fee. And so it probably does reflect the fact that we're beginning to try to address clients' needs in a way that's a little bit on traditional prepay where we have traditionally been kind of more bleeding-edge complex projects where it was difficult to estimate. We clearly have that type of work but we are trying to be able to sit with our clients and say we can do this for a fixed amount of money or fixed amount of money on a monthly basis. The other thing I think you are probably seeing is some opportunity with GenAI to introduce not only traditional sort of productivity improvement or productivity improvement from GenAI and commit to a series of savings over a period of time. And so you are seeing us also enter into engagements with clients. It may be more a multi-quarter or in some cases, even multiyear that do reflect what we believe is a productivity improvement that we can achieve over time. And that could go either way, right? It can be net positive to margins. If obviously, we've misestimated or sort of delivered poorly, it could be negative. But generally, with fixed fee, you do have the opportunity to improve profitability relative to time and materials because it just gives you more flexibility in how you deliver.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So we'll do both. But clearly, our bias would be towards acquisitions. And as Ark said, doing something somewhat larger, certainly not off the table.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I would say that 2% is generally correct. It probably has gone up slightly from when we guided at the end of the Q1 call. And then I would say for next year, my guess is the headwind from India might be greater than 2%. So I guess that's how I'd respond to that, David.
Jason Peterson: Yes, it's probably a little bit higher in billable India and a little bit lower in billable on site. And those 2 things are kind of producing what is probably a modest -- modestly lower average bill rate for the company.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So the one that is kind of the M&A like exit which is the one I usually refer to, I think we called out at the end of the year. And then it was double-digit revenue, like it was over $10 million a quarter. So it was a significant number. And then the other one is the one that has been sort of slowly reducing their demand for our services and that continues to be an ongoing trend. And that was a little bit related to their hesitation around our Ukrainian footprint. And then I think they're also just doing a little bit of work around bringing some positions in-house. But we still, again, have demand from them but just there's been a gradual decline over time. And I think you'll continue to see that for the next couple of quarters.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I would say that on the 76 was definitely a result of just the last couple of days being on a weekend and so we saw a significant amount of cash coming on the Monday and Tuesday but that was here in Q3. But David, I would say that as we've moved towards more fixed fee, that is having an impact on DSO, because it does kind of impact the invoicing. And I do think that you're likely to see something closer to 74 for the second half of the year. And again, that's due to the shifting in the type of contracting we've been doing. So then I guess with that, maybe we're...
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think despite of the opticality of the clients for the top 5, there is only one client which is declining and this is basically a continuation of the trend which we saw before. And even this client decline, kind of getting less and getting to a more stable environment right now. So but in general, it's exactly like we commented before. It is pretty stable.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So it is pretty challenging, especially when we're thinking that -- we're trying to understand how some of our talents quantifying this. And it's very much all around the well. So that's why for our internal understanding and integration, we have kind of fewer GenAI-related projects and some influence revenue and so on and so on. So from this pure type of stuff, a lot of small POC now approaching high hundreds of thousand or low millions of dollars. This is already starting to happen. So -- and this is dozens in our case. And again, it's very difficult to compare apple to apple when we're hitting some numbers for competition. At the same time, from influence point of view, we started to go already to tens and upwards of hundreds of millions as well. So very different even from 6, 9 months ago.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Still, if you think about it, it's a very small portion of our revenue. And I think general trend that -- when during the POC, there is a confirmation, the potential ROI and excitement, then it's coming back to the technical debt which we were talking about during the last quarter. And companies realize that to actually get the benefit of this, it requires really investments and go to some data modernization program which is much needed and require much more depth. And that's actually one of the showstoppers to real progression, because they are not ready yet.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think our equipment, very much in line with the last quarter. So we -- as we mentioned last time that we don't -- we don't think we can project the market in current situation. So I think it's very much similar. And if quarter ago, our projection range was much broader than today, in just saying that our expectation of good news, we are not confirmed. And our expectation for the great news actually didn't happen as well. So we're narrowing and it's a reflection of the type of projects in play right now. There is no big modernization talk. There are conversations about it but it's not turning into reality. There are a lot of noise around GenAI which is not converting to big revenue as well. But around the business, keeping the status quo on production systems, that's what we're focusing, improving. And again, looking for kind of one-off modernization play where we can really bring the value but it's very competitive and again, not necessarily decided for the client right now. I don't know if I'm giving you answer that you want but...
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we do believe that majority of the kind of decision making, it's environment related right now. Because as soon as kind of situation would be a little bit better, I think investment in general data infrastructure and cloud infrastructure which was delayed will be triggered, because everybody understands the impact of GenAI. And without fixing first this, it would be very difficult know for -- so I think market is holding right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Type of work, like I think that's what we shared already today. We consider like this into India, there is a pricing pressure. So this is definitely a very objective kind of component. At the same time, the type of work which we do, not changing much from location to location. And as we said before, EPAM has a kind of reputation for more complex quality engineering solutions. And as we said, we're building actually in the very strong data renewing occupancy. We're bringing like everything that we do around GenAI, productivity improvement for SLDC. We built a digital engagement practice. So it's very much in line with the broad EPAM and the type of work is, again, very, very similar. So from overall perspective, it's also creating different profile of our breadth in India. Because when we started to move work there, we have to bring much more proportionally experienced teams there. And only after this, we will be able to scale to the different pyramid. That's what's happening for us in multi-nesting, some movement of the work, rebuilding the pyramid and still investing in -- wanting to be exactly in line with client expectations because they expect from EPAM independently from location, similar type of service.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think nothing is off the table. So as always in the past, we constantly have conversations and opportunities for different sizes of acquisitions. And -- by insurance back is actually very much functions of if it's going to happen or not. So it's not must condition, it's a direction which we will be executing only if we think that we will ramp up with any other aspects of the business. So if the M&As will be happening, we will be adjusting the numbers, if necessary.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think -- let me try to answer slightly differently. First of all, we definitely move into global diversification from indications of stability and 24/7 on the growing global climate. And from this point of view, we will be much more diversified than in the past. And right now, it's also -- as we mentioned, probably will be the most balanced global direct company. That's a direction. What exactly proportion of this, it's much more difficult question to answer because it would be a function of general demand. When you say like, for example, the assurance in Europe is not so much in demand, it's in many ways, subject to the type of work, number one and the cost pressure, number two. As soon as the market will start to come back to kind of fix the technical debt which we're talking about, that modernization cloud and data program will accelerate to again, make the progress of GenAI transformation much more real. The demand will come back for practically any region. And because of complexity and creativity of these type of engagements proximity will become much more important and pricing component will become less important. So it would influence the structure as well. So again, number one, we will be much more diversified in India and LatAm, it will be a bit the proportion of the total but exactly proportion, we identify it right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So if we're talking about India specifically, I think a couple of factors need to be acknowledged. We have an image of different type of services company, we have an image of much more quality engineering companies and much more closer to what people would think about software tech companies. And from some talent point of view, we compete with these type of companies, the same like with some captives which are trying to build a high-end tech purchases in India. So the image is there already. So at the same time, we are also kind of an underdog in India which means that we have opportunity to play differently and in specific parts of the market, including like bringing our training capabilities and different type of work. I think while there are very large companies, it's -- for us, it's relatively clear how to differentiate us for the labor market, for the type of market. And if you say that we're growing much, much -- like how -- you see it like how India is growing pretty strongly in this situation.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. I think we were talking about it. We were talking about building more industry expertise in this area. And in general, from our conversation several years back, it was positive growth, while it was a couple of things when client situation was actually changed. Right now, it's pretty positive. I think concentration of data programs in our life sciences & healthcare business is actually very high which is still in demand today. And again, combination of industry expertise which we invested in some level of consultancy and again data program proportion makes this a benefit for us. And that's with how we look into some other industries, how we can change the trend similar to what is happening here. I think time is over. And as usual, thank you for joining us today. So I think we're trying to communicate that while situation as it is right now, we do believe that EPAM is all focused on cloud data engineering and with GenAI, pretty well positioned for the future growth when markets come back. So I know we repeated this each time but it's actually -- we very much believe it. And we will be ready for a comeback and anticipation. We'll see how many quarters we will have to still wait for this. But again, thank you and let's talk in 3 months.
