Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you, David. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We finished this year in a strong position across several dimensions of our business. Financially, we delivered a revenue of $1.84 billion, reflecting 27.1% year-over-year reported growth or 26.9% in constant currency terms. And non-GAAP earnings per share of $4.38 or 26% increase over fiscal 2017. Additionally, we generated free cash flow of $255 million. 2018 was an important year for us. First of all, at the end of December, we celebrated our 25th anniversary. The real significance of that year for us was to prove that, while we have been in business for 25 years, we still act, change, grow and feel like a very young and dynamic company. So, in 2018, we tirelessly continued to expand our capabilities and working to driving deeper connection with clients. And we have done this organically through very selective acquisitions and by growing some of our more strategic partner relationships.  As we look across our portfolio of clients, it's clear to see that the types of engagements we are executing today and type of demand we're seeing for the future is broader than pure engineering. This is the change that we have talked about before in terms of how we view our investments and capabilities. 2018 was a remarkable year for us to observe the shift from pure software product development programs to much more complex scale and business critical engagements for our clients. So, today, with all our expanding capabilities, many of which have been recognized by industry analysts as increasingly vital accelerators, we're not longer just a software engineering company as the core, but also a strong design and experience consultancy, growing business and innovation consultancy, as well as emerging training and educational firm. While stating that, I would like to stress that a very important, if not critical, effort across those many still-relatively-new capabilities for us is that we bring those capabilities to our clients in the form of very aligned multifunctional teams, which operate with one common goal – to realize overall value of the solution for client benefit versus just new and potentially overlapping streams of revenue for EPAM. This type of integrated change is very challenging to perform predictably in complex enterprise environments because they require careful balance between executing proved strategies and bringing in new and strategic capabilities. And while we believe that, ultimately, we can – and will – grow our share of trust with our clients, and in doing so, grow our topline as well, we are looking at these challenges from the constant perspective of the value add to clients, to keep their interest as a priority. While it's easy to frame these accomplishments in the context of our last fiscal year, they're really progression points of longer journey we are on to continuously disrupt our sales to meet the complex demands of the digital ecosystem type of engagements, which requires us to respond with speed, agility and the right capabilities at the right place and time. As we look at our evolution and our ability to deliver the type of growth we expect as a 25-years-old startup, we continue to focus significant efforts on developing our people through investments in our talent management, educational and delivery platforms that help us to scale, engage and retain our engineering consulting design and managing capabilities globally. During the year, we added over 4,200 people, hiring across the organization in all our delivery centers and key end market locations and significantly strengthened our talent pool across the globe. With all that, and despite some of the macro-level uncertainties, which we're constantly watching and reading about, we are looking at 2019 optimistically. We believe that we can continue to remain very relevant to our diverse and global client base through our ability to execute life-scale digital transformation programs and to help them to make some ambitious innovation programs very real. I will turn it over to Jason for a detailed financial update of last year and our guidance for this 2019.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Hi, Ashwin. Yeah. We have good level of confidence, but it's not coming that it's something unusual, it's more like because it's in line with what you have seen before, which, as you would suspect, giving us a good feel. But after growing pretty highly during the several years before, we're still carrying the same level of visibility and confidence. I think that's the answer to this. And in regards to talent acquisition, you probably would suspect my usual answer. It's very challenging and it was challenging and will be challenging. But we, again, feel confident we would be able to support the necessary level of growth with what we see in the labor market.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yeah. We, clearly, compete with top firm for some time already and proportion of these deals for us is increasing year by year. And some of them, we've been able to price differently, but I don't think it's impacting the total picture yet. We hope that it would be changing in the future. But as in the past, it's very – my answer is the same. It's very difficult to predict how it would be happening. And again, directionally, there is a chance that we will benefit from this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It's actually rates in general because complex projects also require different composition of the teams, including teams with consultant skills and in-market skills, which also changes the pricing. And on top of this, the method of pricing, because when we go into automation projects, there are some opportunities to do it differently. But, again, it's relatively a small portion of the revenue, and I think impact might be seen like later in the game.
Arkadiy Dobkin: David, you know for a long time that we're mentioning how much we invest in education and platforms to manage people. We mentioned this today as well. So, I think that's our constant focus and constant investment. And that's why we have good level of confidence that we would be able to stop. You're absolutely right, it's very, very, very challenging and very tough in all markets.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I just wanted to mention that we also – you know we entered into new markets for talent like India several years ago. And I think we're in much better shape there as well than we were several years ago. So, there are multiple sources now. It's not just Eastern Europe.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I wouldn't say that there is anything which we need to worry about from what we mentioned. And I think we are – and I think you might be thinking about our revenues traction not only in terms of verticals, but what type of work we're doing. And that's why, like, volatility between verticals is pretty significant from quarter to quarter, while the growth across the company pretty stable because, like, again, this transformational type of programs digitally led, if you will, they kind of simulate across the verticals as well. And because of the size of the company, when you compare us to the really big guys, we still have higher – much higher volatility across the industries, while general business and the type of business is sometimes similar in these specific portfolios.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Arvind, sorry for boring answer, but again it's very similar. Because the whole company focused on more fast-growing component of the market in comparison to, again, our larger competitors, we've seen relatively strong consistency this year versus last year versus year before. So, there is no much difference in the segment which we play. The demand is pretty good right now still.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yeah. We do expand in the number of vendors and this work is growing for us. It's all right. And this is pretty good interesting examples where we're able to green light the call [indiscernible] consulting engagements back to actual realization of the benefits.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don't think there's anything else to add. Slightly higher on attritional rate. But, again, this type of volatility, we saw it before as well. It's nothing new.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think nothing changing here. We are always looking, always talking. And as soon as something happening, clearly communicating and the strategy there is still the same. It's mostly about client engagement and very specific capabilities. And we building our plans on the same size of acquisitions, while if something bigger and interesting will come. So, we will be considering this too.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. As usual, thank you, everybody, for being with us. So, I think it was – 2018 was a very good year for us. And we hope to continue growing. Talk to you in the next quarter. And happy Valentine's Day for everyone.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. Certainly, a nice improvement as we went to 73 in Q4. What we usually see in Q1 is a certain – almost a seasonal impact with DSO where people have got to get paperwork and things in place. And our clients doing that actually results in sort of a delay in some of the invoicing processes. So, we usually do see DSO actually creep up somewhat. I am expecting that we'll probably end up something approaching the 80 number. So, it should be below the levels that we saw in 2018, but it's certainly going to be somewhat higher than what we saw as we exited Q4. However, there's a strong focus on DSO, and so we'll kind of keep you posted as we go throughout the year. The other thing I'd just want to remind you of is we do have kind of a seasonal pattern when it comes to cash flow. We usually have strong cash flow in both Q3 and Q4 of the fiscal year. And then, in Q1, we've got that variable compensation element, and that has paid substantially in Q1 and we also have a cash-settled RSU payment that's made. And so, you usually see a much lower level of cash flow generation in Q1. And also, somewhat lower level in Q2 because you also have a little bit of the variable compensation element paid there as well. So, I just want to remind people of that, that, in addition, to having some seasonality on the profitability front, you also see a little bit of seasonality from a cash flow generation standpoint.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. So, first off, the beat on the revenue clearly helps in other ways, right? It kind of supports the SG&A efficiency and, generally, it leads to higher utilization. So, as you point out, we have the higher utilization, high revenue overall. SG&A was somewhat lower than we had expected, and there was kind of a one-time effect that I don't think that you would see in future quarters. And so, it could be the – the higher utilization, we usually have pretty good sort of calendar day availability or bill days in Q4, and then just the overall SG&A efficiency.  If I were to kind of take you forward to Q1, usually, what you see is you see quite a bit lower bill days for EPAM in Q1. And then, the T&M business bill days will impact your adjusted IFO. And that's because you've got a lot more holidays in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine in that time period with kind of the Orthodox Christmas – or Eastern Orthodox Christmas, right? Then, we probably have slightly lower utilization. And then, I do want to make certain that everyone understands that we do expect that SG&A will go back to a rate more on our 18% to 19%. So, as we exited Q4, we were below 18% as a percentage of revenue. And then, I expect in both Q1 and for the remainder of the fiscal year that we'll operate in the 18% to 19% range.
Jason Peterson: Yes, let me start with the end. And so, first off, with the 27% on the constant currency, we would have had a 2% benefit from M&A, specifically the Think and Continuum acquisitions. In 2019, we expect that there will be a 1% benefit. So, if I were to look at the constant currency growth rate, we're guiding to an at least 22% growth rate for 2019, which is actually consistent with the growth rate that we guided to in 2018. From an overall kind of profitability standpoint, we are going to continue to make the investments that we need to continue to grow the business at greater than 20% a year. Again, we expect that that will mean that we'll return SG&A back to an 18% to 19% range. And we continue to get all of the price increases and wage inflation continues to be kind of within our expectations and kind of within our recent history. And so, we believe we'll continue to manage the business very much in that 16% to 17% range, again, with the idea that we want to be able to make the investments that allow us to continue to grow the business not just in 2019, but into the future. I guess, the only other thing I'm going to point out is just that we do – you did have that very strong exit and it was a great quarter and a great fiscal year in 2018. However, you do have seasonal patterns. And so, generally, what we find is the first half of the year has got a lower level of profitability than the second half of the year, and I expect that you'll see that pattern again in 2019.
Jason Peterson: Yeah, great question. So, in the first quarter, we expect 200 basis points of benefit. And in Q4, it would be 250 basis points of benefit. And so, we would have had Continuum, we acquired on March 15th of Q1 of last year and Think was November of 2018.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. So, from a reported standpoint, we've got at least 22% guide. We've got a constant currency at 23%. We've got the minus 1% and that's with Think and Continuum only, if we were to do additional acquisitions. So, that would be additive. And so, if you net out the Think and Continuum at 1%, then you end up with a reported growth rate of 21% and a constant currency growth rate of 22%. I think you'll see the same types of patterns that we've seen in the past, David. And I think you are aware of the fact that we've seen a gradual shift towards onsite capabilities. Those onsite capabilities come on with higher revenues. Also, what we'll see is a certain amount of wage inflation, but we're not seeing any significant changes relative to what we've seen in past years. And we also are, as Ark just indicated, able to get price increases with customers. And the environment seemed somewhat more friendly to that just based on sort of the supply constraints in the market. So, I think you'll see fairly consistent patterns to what maybe you saw in 2018. And I suspect that the – the gross margin will now be as high as it was in Q4 where we exceeded 80%, or that's not what we're expecting. But I think that you'll find that gross margin levels will be in or around what we did for the full year of 2018 [indiscernible].
Jason Peterson: David, our 2019 plan would include slightly elevated level of kind of new grads as we kind of focus on the pyramid in certain geographies in which we operate.
Jason Peterson: It was approximately – approaching kind of $1 million. So, yeah, it was somewhat substantial in the quarter. But, again, approaching that level.
Jason Peterson: From a healthcare standpoint, we're seeing extremely strong trajectory as we exit Q4, and also seeing extremely strong demand as we enter Q1. So, I expect that that's going to continue to be a very high-growth area for us. From a financial services standpoint, little bit as we talked about. A couple of customers in the European space, which have not been generating growth for us, but we actually are seeing good traction across a number of customers. We've got some payments customers that we're beginning to do some work for. We're also beginning to get some entry into the insurance space, which has been a very kind of underpenetrated kind of part of the financial services area for us. And then, I just think we've got a broad range of, what I'll call, kind of growth engines. And you look at what we've done from an industry vertical standpoint. A year ago, I think that healthcare was actually the slowest-growing vertical we had. And here we are, in this quarter, with it being the highest growing vertical. So, we've got a broad range of growth opportunities across a range of different industry verticals.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. So, a little bit of color, since we talked about, we've got good growth in life sciences and healthcare. In North American hi-tech, particularly in the Bay Area, we're seeing nice growth and we're being brought into a number of large tech customers there. Financial services, again we've talked a little bit about a couple of those smaller customers in Europe, but we've got good growth opportunities in financial services, including insurance that we talked about. And then, we're also seeing a lot of good growth opportunities in North America in the energy space. So, again, we feel that the demand environment looks really good in Q1. A little less visibility, obviously, if you look through the end of the year, but, as Ark said, the visibility is consistent with probably what we've seen in the past.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. Regarding emerging verticals, I think we've talked about automotive in the past. As I just talked about with the last question, the energy has been quite strong for us and we've got some more, I guess, telco-related business. And so, those would kind of be the three to kind of, I think, I'd point out. I don't think we are at a point yet where we would sort of separate any of those, but they continue to be very interesting opportunities and high-growth areas for us.
Jason Peterson: Yeah, wage inflation would be pretty consistent with what we saw over the last couple of years. And it's – we've talked about a number kind of approaching 5%. Certainly, there may be some geographies where it's somewhat higher, including maybe the Bay Area, but we haven't seen elevated wage inflation at this time.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. And so, I think I would sort of just make sure. I think I said, as somewhat more favorable environment for pricing. Yeah. And so, I think it would probably be somewhat consistent with what we've seen in the past with maybe a little bit of opportunity.
Jason Peterson: I think we've talked about it publicly. I'm not certain that we actually sort of put in a fact sheet, but it is something that we update on verbally.
