Jason Peterson: Bryan, so this is Jason, and thanks for the question. From a demand standpoint and revenue growth, we continue to see solid growth in the existing customers and probably with a little bit of a slowdown in new customers in Q2, because I think you'll remember that our focus, certainly in March, probably April and May was really focused more on retaining existing customers. So we continue to grow significantly with the existing customers, as you can see by our revenue beat. And then probably by the time we got to the second half of Q2, we began to focus again on new logo activity. And so right now, you've got quite a bit of new logo-driven demand that we expect to come in the second half. But again, I think that probably just as a top line, I'd say that we continue to see growth in both our new and our existing customers.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So from a utilization standpoint, if I talk about Q2, what we saw, as you would expect, is quite low utilization in Russia. But one of the reasons why you had the revenue beat that we had is our utilization was quite a bit higher in the rest of the world than we had originally expected. So utilization levels have remained pretty solid and particularly quite solid in Ukraine, considering everything that's going on there. We are expecting as we go from Q2 to Q3 that we may see somewhat lower levels of utilization. Because as you transition work from one country to another, you might end up with a somewhat larger bench in, let's say, the donating country and then we're building up capacity in these newer countries. And again, you have a little bit more bench there. But as Ark said, I think we feel really good about our ability to add headcount to support demand. We've made really good progress in both transitioning resources to some of these new geographies and adding resources in these geographies. And as Ark said, we're around sort of 40% of our delivery capacity in the traditional sort of CIS region. So I think we feel good about not only our execution in Q2, but our ability to support ongoing demand in Q3 and Q4.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I would say that cash flow was pretty good. I think we tried to hold DSO to 70, and it did end up at 71. And to them may have had a modestly negative impact. And we're trying to sort of keep DSO in and around or maybe slightly lower than 71 on a go-forward basis. We do expect cash flow conversion to be over 100% in Q3, which is kind of more consistent with sort of historical patterns. And right now, both our cash position and our ability to generate cash is pretty encouraging.
Jason Peterson: I think when we -- so we're guiding to, what, 15% to -- 15% to 16% in Q3. And what I said, just in case it wasn't clear in the fixed portion of the call here today, is that we expected that we could see profitability in a similar level in Q4. So that's already trending back towards that traditional sort of 16% to 17% range. . And when we kind of talk about our historical range, that's more what we mean rather than the elevated profitability that we would have seen during very, very high demand periods last year. But again, I feel that the progress to date, I think, is pretty good, as you can see by the guide. And as Ark said, we're continuing to work through the pricing and the other adjustments, but it's still a little too early to sort of communicate exactly where we expect 2023 to end up.
Jason Peterson: Okay. Yes, from the standpoint of the ability to add headcount, we feel that we've actually -- we're ahead of our own goals in terms of building out Latin America. And we've seen strong growth in India, seen very strong growth in Central Europe. And so yes, I mean, the market continues to be a bit of a challenge. But I don't think we've had any real difficulty hiring to meet demand and to create the capacity that we want to have outside of what we call the impacted regions. . And so not to say that things couldn't change in the future, but right now, I think we feel pretty good about our ability to build out capacity outside of the region through both relocations and through the additional headcount, effectively hiring in the region.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So this is Jason. And so from the standpoint of gross margin, I think gross margin in Q2 came in somewhat better than we had expected due to our ability to continue to deliver at certain locations and just kind of manage demand. We are expecting a bit of an improvement in gross margin between Q2 and Q3. And as we've talked about, we think there's a temporary impact as we shift people into new geographies, some of which are more expensive than the geographies in which they're leaving. And so there will be a temporary impact that we expect to largely address by the time we enter 2023. But there could be a little bit of compression on margin relative to the very high levels that we were running at when we were running at 18% IFO or something, right? And so when we talk about kind of our return to profitability, we are really sort of thinking more about the traditional 16% to 17% range. We continue to see good efficiency from an SG&A standpoint. And so again, I think I probably would sort of guide us towards the adjusted IFO and just assume that we'll have to manage it between the two components. But again, feel good about our ability to head back towards the higher levels of gross margin. But they could be slightly lower than they've been during the particularly hot quarters of 2021.
Jason Peterson: Let me think. There's -- whenever we sort of give you a description of the impact, there's a whole series of different things that are impacting profitability. And so, I don't know, the change into the new geographies is probably having at least the impact or more so than the Russian utilization. And what it is going to -- we're going to continue to move people into new geographies, we did that in Q2. We're going to do that in Q3. And so you're going to see some accumulation of people who are still sort of in a holding pattern, waiting to get rate increases even though their costs have gone up. So that's why I think that you'll see profitability in Q3 and Q4 being more similar rather than an increase in profitability between Q3 and Q4. But again, we're working through it, Arvind. And again, I think we feel relatively comfortable that we're making good progress with clients around appropriate rates for the geographies. And then we continue to have the same menu of options we've always had and that we also have relatively lower cost centers in Central and Western Asia, India, other. And so we offer a full range of opportunities for clients.
Jason Peterson: Yes, David. So it's mixed. But the Russian population -- the Russian employees were paid in rubles. And some of them are going to end up in countries that are paid in local currency and some of them are going to end up in countries where we are using a U.S. dollar as the currency for compensation.
Jason Peterson: I can't do that off the top of my head, David, and it would also be hard for me to do it, but let me see what we can do to provide information to the market. But I think we've historically talked about -- actually, want to some -- I can't do that off the top of my head, so let me try to provide some information on that later.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. And on headcount, I think definitely, the total number is impacted by our exiting in Russia right now. But in general, just to understand, we're pretty comfortable that we will be able to return to our pre-war situation. I think it's difficult to compare this with 2021, which was a special year for everybody from the growth perspective where sometimes we were growing the headcount against 2022, like in 30% plus, sometimes 40% per quarter on an annual basis. So I don't think anybody will be coming back to this. But definitely, to what we were experiencing in quarter-by-quarter and also on the annual growth in '19, for example, or in '18, we will be coming back to the same speed. And we're comfortable with this based on what we were sharing during our Analyst Day. We position ourselves outside of this traditional Eastern European landscape which we have, in Latin America, in Western and Central Asia and India as well. So that's making us pretty comfortable that we will be able to address the demand.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So our increase was between 1,200 and 1,300 people in Q2. And all of this clearly was outside of Ukraine, Belarus and Russia. So we share -- if you think and compare it with the past, exactly explain why we feel comfortable right now that we will be able to continuously grow in the future as well with similar rates which we experienced before.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think, exactly like Jason said, we're still in the process. And right now, the feel is pretty optimistic from the result of this process. We know a significant number of clients already agreed on rate adjustments. Some of it is delayed for the next month, two or three. So as that's what we mentioned already today, that we expect approaching the profitability rate similar to pre-war conditions in 2023. Again, approaching this there are too many moving parts. Some of them not even related to these events, because if we think about what's happening, foreign exchange, for example, and sometimes, it's the market situation as well within euro and U.S. dollars and then what currencies we pay compensation in the future. So it's a more difficult conversation. But rates are right on the way, and we are optimistic on this, in this sense.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it's a very right question. And I think there is no simple answer in which it would be addressed in. Everybody kind of approach -- there are some groups of clients which are really trying to mitigate risk and move out of the region in danger. There are some clients which is continuously working almost in kind of pre-war scenarios. And there are some new clients come in there as well. So -- but again, as you probably understand, too, it's all a little bit moving target. We're working month by month, day by day, and sometimes, seeing something unexpected. But in general, I think we shared exactly the numbers which we kind of aggregate in what we understand going to have. We're clearly not in business as usual in general situation. So when we have to move thousands of people and rest of our business continue to approach apparently outside, a lot of delivery capacity, it's nothing as business as usual. But if you think that we're still growing and especially if you think how growth happening without Russia, because this is where we disconnected, our organic constant currency growth outside of Russia in Q2 was like 37%. So which means that there is normal demand if you take in account that we exiting there. So I know I've not given you a precise answer, but there is no precise answer. There are clients which is trying to completely change, approaching the right clients which are picking up on this capacity which released from them. And in some respect, a little bit similar to what we were experiencing in 2014, second time.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. I think, first of all, for us sometimes it's difficult to distinguish one to another because it's not necessary clients said exactly why this conversation might happen. So these conversations are happening. But again, they were happening like 12 months ago, they were happening 24 months ago. If it's a little bit more often, maybe. But it's still difficult because it's even volatile by quarter by quarter. And the reasoning for this could be that the situation where majority of our resources are or economy. So it's very difficult to distinguish for us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think -- again, I think we're repeating ourselves, but everything is a little bit moving target. Some clients were asking last quarter if we're settled. Some clients might be asking today and will be asking tomorrow as well. So at the same time, if you aggregate, we see the picture where demand independently from locations is still pretty strong. So -- and that's what I mentioned, which is not exactly right comparison, but some sense similar to what we experienced eight years ago when some clients were completely leaving the region and some other clients were picking up. And we see these trends as well. What would be bigger, we will see probably in two and three quarters. And it's also dependent on what would be happening. What would be actually happening in the region and what would be results of the current war as well. But with -- on top of this, and that's what we're communicating, we're pretty comfortable with speed of growth outside of the region. When we're talking about Latin America and India, West and Central Asia, we're pretty comfortable that we would be able to grow from apply point of view in line with what we need.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. We’re finalizing the conditions how we exit in Russia completely. And I mentioned today that the Russians regulated their requirements, and we're going through this right now, which might take another month or so. And after this, the rest of headcount which we have in Russia today will be outside of EPAM, which is currently already less than 1,000 people.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think approach for M&A didn't change for us much. Very similar like in the past M&A for us, it's additional capabilities. Sometimes, beginning of the growth in some region. But from the point of the current delivery platform and the delivery locations, we already feel pretty comfortable, these all foundations which we have. I don't think M&A will be specifically important for this part. So we are sourcing in traditional agent capabilities in consultant market and industry expertise and maybe sometimes, in new locations, but again, it's not critical for us because we already established a pretty good footprint with growth.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think we do have experience in the past. It's always difficult to predict how experience from the past is applicable for the future and how different the next recession going to be. But in the past, we usually were practically left for two, three quarters and then started to grow again. I think in general, that's what we are mentioning as well. In our industry, with all what's happening, I think we will be able to kind of tune headcount for a couple of quarters, and all kind of challenges in 2020, 2021. And specifically, 2022 make us actually much more resilient and much more adaptive to address potentially necessary adjustments. So I think, and again, we already talked about it today about that we feel ourselves much more comfortable, much more prepared for some elements of unknown. And we probably during these last couple of years, we talked about it in Investor Days, not only about this war, it's about situation in Belarus during the last couple of years, trained and prepared better than anybody else on the market right now, for recession as well, if it would be happening.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it's difficult to add something substantial in a couple of minutes answer versus what we shared already during our Analyst Day in May. And I think when we went actually to some level of details. And I can only repeat that, for example, what's happening during the last six months, in some respects, was prepared during the previous like years. We were specifically talking about how we were growing in India. And during the last couple of years, it's become one of the fastest talent growing market for us, and we continue to do this.  We were starting to focus in on Latin America before war happened. And we are pretty impressed with the level of talent there. And a number of countries across Western, Central Asia, which we started to focus in 2020, 2021. And some of them like after the war, we seeing as a good potential as well. That's why again already was answering several times today. We're pretty comfortable that we will be able to scale with the talent outside of our traditional locations. And don't forget that we're still growing pretty significantly in Central and Eastern Europe, which we have very strong experience and complement all of these locations with people who decided to relocate. And this is abysmal number of people too. So basically, we have advantage of being an EPAM DNA and EPAM experience in new ups for us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. At the beginning of this year, we were a little bit under 60% between three countries. Right now we're at about 40%. By end of the year, we expect to be closer to 30%. And this is approximately clearly present distribution of work as well, yes.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So it's a mix, and we still have not moved geographies which will be denominated in USD, which make it clearly the whole story a little bit complicated when you try to calculate it. But it's still going to be a factor, because in some new locations, which we enter in, especially in west -- specifically in West and Central Asia, we will be paying in -- salaries in USD calculation.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everybody who joined us today. As always, if you have any questions, David is available to help. And in general, I think we're doing better than we would expect like four, five months ago. And we're still in challenging time. But again, we see that we kind of stabilizing and now we're much more comfortable to say that we know how to redesign like our delivery platform, and it works. Thank you.
