Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think it’s pretty understandable that kind of similar to us, clients also went through multiple sorts during the last – first couple weeks of invasion and then through couple months and a lot of opinions and assumptions where it changed. So we do have several cases, where clients decided to stop growing with us. But it’s very, very much exceptions and we have multiple cases where clients were – work with us and then returning back in several weeks and starting to grow with us as well. I think it’s – I would describe it as much better than we would expect several months ago. And I think the level of comfort and confidence is practically growing each week. We have multiple clients who talking to our people in Ukraine and expression there – appreciation and really amazement what happening and how my producing the level of productivity, the same like myself and Jason expressing during this already today. So – and during the last week, we see new business starting to come, some clients specifically asking to accurate and work in location. And we starting again hiring in Ukraine as well. So I think that would summarize this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. Thank you for the question. And I think we directionally indicated already how much we think by the end of the year, we expect people between Ukraine and Belarus, because in Russia we’re closing in the next few months. We are also hoping, I think we indicated this as well and Jason mentioned this specifically, we considering right now – right now that good number of our employees from Russia and some from Belarus will be relocated based on our BCP requirements from the clients. The location is happening right now to multiple countries, because mostly in Europe and Western Asia as well and Central Asia as well. So I don’t think we can ferry now details and percentages, which we going to have. But the idea definitely that we identify a number of specific countries where we think we can scale. But we also bring there the talent, which exists at EPAM. And we believe that in this configuration, we will be able to accelerate recruitment and bring connectivity to EPAM culture. And what it [indiscernible], which we were building this company for a long time. So at the same time, during the last 12 months, the fastest growing market for us was actually India and Latin America. And so we were talking about it before, we started that we focus in on diversification and this is actually working for us, and we will be accelerating even more in this talent market. So India and Latin America will be in the focus and new dev centers and existing dev centers in Europe, which will be complemented with our talent reallocated from our traditional locations, this creates stability and client comfort, which will believe will be driving the growth. Okay. I think that’s what we can share. I don’t think we can share very specific numbers right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So as you know, like Ukraine, our largest location. And we had pretty distributed delivery centers, infrastructure in the country with several major data centers there. So during the first weeks, like the main focus was to bring as many as possible people to the western part of Ukraine where we have Kyiv [ph] of our central and establish a number of new data centers in the smaller cities around the region as well. So from infrastructure point of view and activity point of view, so we didn’t have practically any interruptions in Kyiv as well, which is our major city, major development center. So between these two, we practically were covering majority of the necessary work happening. So, I don’t know what else we here besides like praising our employees who were focusing and actually keeping their mind straight with this difficult situation for the work. So that was – plus a couple of thousand people, specifically women, who were able to relocate to Poland and to Hungary and work from these locations as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: No, this is pretty – this is a pretty sophisticated operation right now. And if I start to list all countries where people might be being right now, it would probably will be by the end of this call. But there are several specific areas. Poland, obviously, was one of the key destinations, but it’s not only Poland. It’s countries in Central Asia, it’s countries in – countries like Turkey and Serbia. So it’s all known names. But at the same time, it’s not even one-phase exercise because in some situation we have to move people very quickly. And then after this, find the final destination, which could be U.S. or Canada as well, depending on people, depending on skills profile. So it’s very much longer-term operation for us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. As we’ve mentioned, like, clearly, the real, real focus was to stabilize operation with existing clients and address opportunities of growth in existing clients which still happen, okay. Definitely, there are new logos coming to us and there are very trusted network of people in the industry who like bringing us to their new destination because people moving and they’re comfortable working with us and this is very, kind of very normal. Some of these people really believe in the differentiation level of service which you can bring. So this is still happening. But as you can see, we’re practically flat right now between Q1 and Q2, which means that it’s a balance right now. We’re getting stabilization and we really believe that Q3 and Q4 should be more reflecting on what’s happening. But we cannot tell exactly. Our expectation, otherwise, we will be guiding for the year.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we’re looking at the opportunities. And even in this very difficult period, I don’t think our M&A strategy changed. We’re looking for actually additional skills and additional locations, but we’re not looking for very large ones because that’s a different level of integration. As you mentioned, it’s probably not exactly on our mind right now. But we’re looking for some small accelerators in different geographies so we can grow faster that would be necessary.
Arkadiy Dobkin: New business development, it’s – well, first of all, again, we have significant presence outside of the region. And we have – we have built pretty good reputation during the last year from quality of delivery. So we still have people coming to us. And some of them actually looking for the type of talent which we were having in this difficult right now region. And we have opportunity to relocate and mix capabilities right now and many clients are actually looking for this as well. So it’s really difficult in this situation to say that it’s a huge not both new logos coming, it’s not because people careful, cautious right now. But we see definitely a very positive direction happening since the beginning of March.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don’t think we would be sharing all logistical components of what’s happening because it’s difficult to describe as there are multiple challenges there and we’re really telling very directly that this is not an easy process and there are multiple aspects of this. So what we – I think what’s important instead of like talking about all the specifics, that we do believe that by the end of the year, our locations in Ukraine and Belarus would be not more than 30% of our capacity. I think that’s important focus, the rest of this, I would rather skip right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I’ll comment on attrition and put a few numbers out there. And so the attrition that has – has also been a very positive, I don’t want to call it a surprise but certainly if we didn’t have any incremental let’s say voluntary attrition. Well, we have that is some incremental involuntary attrition primarily related to Russia. And so we – we are up around, let’s say around the 20% range from an attrition standpoint. But from an – from a voluntary stand point the attrition levels we are seeing are very similar to what we saw in Q4 and Q3. So at least at this time, very little change in attrition and EPAM employees are highly supportive of all the work that needs to be done and obviously that’s why we’ve executed as successful as we have.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Think it did for the question, because like – and with you specifically, and some other analyst on the call who saw EPAM [indiscernible] 10 years ago and visited our locations back then. So 10 years ago, we were operated practically in four countries only. So in those countries at this time nobody was thinking that it’s possible to put together 10 of thousands of people. And we put a lot of investments in infrastructure, in our digital platforms, in our locational eco system. And when you asking what actually similar or not, we trying to bring all of this experience, how to build in kind of not relatively scalable centers, relatively scalable operation. And you mentioned India; we started in India much, much later than anybody else really. 2014 was a trigger for us to open the productions and then in Latin America and Mexico as well. And through applying the kind of lessons we learn during our completely didn’t feel start up in Eastern Europe. So India last year was the fastest growing location for us. But it wasn’t fastest growing location for us for the first three years it was practically flat or even going down. So we changed operations and while we still have the same management, which we acquired long time ago. So we have support of this team to transition this to very different company today. And that’s why India probably by end the year would be probably Number 2, Number 3 locations for us. Very similar has happening in Latin America. We were selecting very carefully the management teams there to see that if they would like to put very different standards on themselves. And we did a small acquisition last year, which we’re very happy. And Columbia growing for us very quickly. We open it like across Latin America as well, and Mexico is one of the fastest-growing locations for us. So I think we’re bringing what we know to new locations. And that’s why we’re pretty confident that – again, it’s difficult to be confident when there are so many unknown. But with some assumptions how it could happen, we do believe that even by the end of this year we will be growing back to our close to normal rates.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So there are definitely differences. It would be kind of not responsible to say that it’s not. Countries in different development stage, there is a different level of software engineering kind of maturity there. But we do believe that we have multiple locations where we’re moving today which would be able to reach the level of quality which is standard for EPAM. So I can say this. We don’t see right now obstacles which would stop our growth as it was before.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you. First of all, I would like to personally thank the entire EPAM team for their dedication and leadership and commitment. We have been through a lot of – during the last couple of years and we’re definitely dealing right now with something which we never expected during the last months. So I really appreciate everybody staying with us and doing this with us, and our clients and our partners. And as always, for people on the call, so if you have questions, you know where to direct them. And hopefully, we will see you also in Boston in a couple of weeks. Thank you very much.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So if we talk about, I guess, Q2 and then talk about maybe the journey as you head back towards 2023, is that initially we’re going to have lower utilization, as I mentioned during the prepared remarks. Clearly in Russia, as we’ve exited – as we exit operations and particularly we have determined to stop doing work for Russian clients. We’ve got – we’ve modeled somewhat lower levels of utilization for Ukraine, just because the situation remains dynamic. And then, we are also seeking some clients who are asking us to do delivery. As Ark said, stay with EPAM, but ask us to do delivery outside of Belarus. And so you’ve got in that entire region, you’ve got probably somewhat lower utilization. And I think you’ll work through a lot of that here in Q2 with improving utilization in Q3. You do have obviously some standup costs associated with creating a whole series of new delivery centers and growing existing delivery centers, while we’re ramping down and still maintaining some of the costs associated with our current delivery locations, particularly in Russia. And then, what you have and we’ve talked about this in the past is, as you move people into the next geography, into their next delivery country is in some cases those are more expensive countries. And we pretty immediately take people’s compensation up. So there’s an increase in compensation costs. And then there needs to have be a discussion with clients about the associated rate increase. Those conversations are already underway, and we’ll be working on that throughout the year. But that’s probably the balancing act, because I think you work through the utilization and then the SG&A efficiency, SG&A will go up as a percentage of revenue in Q2, but then I believe begin to come back down in the second half. And then we’ve just got to work through all those sort of rate discussions.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So, we – I think we’ve talked about over the last couple of quarters that the market, just because of the imbalance between supply of technical resources and the immense demand, is that those conversations have been easier for a while. And then on top of it, our clients are also seeing the cost of their employees go up. So there’s some cognition that there is inflation in the market. And so these discussions were easier. The one thing I think I’ve been pleased by is just in conversations with clients, I think there’s an understanding that they do get a different level of productivity from EPAM. And so there’s an understanding that as we’ve had to make all these difficult transitions to different countries, that what they get from EPAM from a delivery standpoint truly is differentiated. And so that’s helped with the stability of maintaining customers, but it also is supportive of the conversations that we’ll be having about pricing. So, I think that’s how I’d answer that.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So they might actually be entry points or beachheads in the countries in which we’re not currently operating. They give us management experience in those countries and then we grow around them. So in many ways, they might start small but allow us to accelerate in different regions, including beyond the Balkans and Latin America.
Jason Peterson: And David, one of the differences might be the circumstances, right? So we’ve got a much larger number of people moving into these newer delivery locations, so bringing EPAM delivery methodologies, culture, all the different types of tools that Ark referred to. And so we start with, I would say, a greater injection of kind of EPAM culture into each of these locations than maybe you would have seen in prior movement into new geographies.
Jason Peterson: Yes. No, that’s fair. So let me clarify that probably for everybody here, is that we’ve got some individuals that were – that were added. And as Ark said, the focus of Q1 was to make certain that we were able to maintain delivery and obviously maintain customers. And so we had a fairly significant number of employees that were added that are not billing at this time. They are potentially billable but are currently not being billed. They’d show up in utilization because they’re technically in sort of billable roles, but we’re not charging for them to customers. We did exclude the expense for the purpose of the non-GAAP numbers that we provided. And the idea is that at some point in time and already we’re beginning to have discussions as to make certain that those positions become billable. But right now, they’re there to make certain that if there was any concern about continuity in Ukraine, that we’d have effectively kind of backup resources available. Generally, those are in countries clearly outside of the affected region.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I think that you can see it in the press release; I think we’ve got to call out in terms of the guide. And it will – and so you can actually see sort of the percentage, the costs associated with it. And so it’s there in the press release.
