Jason Peterson: Let me start with, I guess, maybe the more tactical question. So, in terms of the, I guess, the wind down of the European banking client, that substantially happened in Q2. It shows up in Q3, which means it will also show up in Q4 and Q1 and a negative impact on Financial Services' growth rates. From a demand standpoint, and I don't think we would comment on beyond 2020, but what I would is comment on demand overall and what we do continue to see is obviously travel is quite negatively impacted. Energy is still negative with the low energy prices in the market. And then, if you're in the large physical audience kind of event space, all those businesses are also impacted. Other than that though, what we feel we're seeing is very strong demand across a broad range of industries and even some of the retail and consumer goods companies who may have paused investment in Q2 clearly are beginning to sort of accelerate investments to respond to the changing business conditions. Who knows what will happen if there's another round of COVID, economic shutdowns and everything. But right now, the demand is quite strong.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. I guess the one thing I would say is that as we talked about we've got subsection of the industry verticals that are continuing to be impacted. When I first – when we talked about in Q2 we said about a third of our customer revenues were in industries that were impacted by end customer demand. And I would say at this time in Q3, it's more like 20%. And so you're clearly seeing an improving environment. The one thing I think is important, David, is usually we would be having net additions of between 1,000 and 2,000 employees per quarter. And in Q2, we didn't hire that much and we had attrition. And so we actually had a decline in productive head count of 800 people. And so, we're still kind of behind on the availability of talent. And right now, we're back in a scenario where demand certainly exceeds supply. And it takes a few quarters for us to kind of get back to the point where we can sort of match up supply fully with available demand. We did hire faster than we expected in Q3 and that contributed with 1,500 net production head count additions. And then from a Q4 standpoint, based on the demand that we're seeing, we're expecting to add over 2,000 productive staff and that would be the highest rate of head count growth that we've seen in the history of the company. So I think it just takes us a little bit of time to sort of build back up the productive capacity to allow for those higher rates of annualized growth.
Jason Peterson: I'll try to give you the tactical on the SG&A costs and what Ark said or talked more around what we're seeing from a client standpoint. So, the last two quarters we've been around 16% of SG&A as a percentage of revenue. You'll remember probably I guess last year I was talking about SG&A in the range of 18% to 19%. I don't think that I will be talking about 19% anytime soon, but I do think that 16% is obviously too low. And even as we look ahead to Q4, I would expect that SG&A would head towards 17% of revenue. You clearly continue to have limited travel, pretty much no travel in the SG&A side. We haven't added facilities as rapidly as we would have under usual conditions. We've got some administrative benefits. We're not doing marketing events. Investor conferences are done virtually. And so, I don't know what happens in the future, right? But I do suspect that there will continue to be savings as long as we're in this, sort of, deep COVID, no travel, no physical – coming together environment. And so, for as long as you think that goes on, I think you continue to see some pretty solid SG&A savings. And then in the future, I think that we are definitely seeing that there's opportunities, let's say, around the margin to run somewhat more efficiently, maybe from a supply and demand matching and then in a few areas in terms of our corporate functions. And so, it's too early for me to, sort of, say what profitability could look like in the future. But I'm somewhat hopeful that there's some opportunities for efficiency. I don't know if Ark...
Jason Peterson: ...really, there seems to be a – that Ark just said, you know what, increased sort of – an acceleration of kind of focus on modernization. And so, you do have a series of customers that really do seem to have accelerated the pace of their journey. I think Ark in his prepared remarks talked about the high-tech IT software company focused on the healthcare space. And that was one of the companies that we talked about, I believe, in Q2 where the relationship had been established actually during the COVID times when they couldn't meet face-to-face and they couldn't visit our delivery centers. And that relationship is developing very nicely and they're likely to head towards our top 20 very quickly. Certain relationships are establishing and accelerating very, very quickly. And then, again, other clients just continue to sort of move along on their agendas. But, yeah, I think you've seen the industry vertical. We continue to have strong growth in the BIM space. Insurance continues to be an area where we see accelerated demand. We expect to see strong growth in healthcare and life sciences in Q4 and beyond. And then, solid growth in the high tech and IT or high-tech software portion of our portfolio.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. So the only onetime-ish item that I can think of is that, we – obviously your CapEx has slowed down somewhat as you're not building out facilities and some of those things to support head count growth. And so, you've had a slowdown in your CapEx, but really it's driven by the strong profitability and the significant improvement in DSO, which is down to 70 days. And so that's what's driven most of the cash generation. From the standpoint of kind of what we're going to do with the cash or how we're thinking about it, we still focus on the inorganic strategy. The valuation of opportunities continues to be active. And I do expect you'll see us announce some things over the next couple quarters. And again, generally on the smaller side, but I think there's definitely some opportunity to do something somewhat larger than we've done in the past. Again, it will always be carefully evaluated and we'll be prudent in our decision-making. But it could be somewhat larger than deals you've seen in the past years.
Jason Peterson: I would say that our guidance has tried to be thoughtful in terms of potential furloughs on the part of clients maybe in the month of December that we might not know about at this time and also whether or not we could have any sort of productive decline (00:39:02) so we've tried to take that into consideration. But as Ark said, we haven't seen any impact on decision making in Europe at this time.
Jason Peterson: And I would say that not only has our brand been improving, but also just the reliability of our delivery in Q2 and Q3 during the more challenging times in COVID. We definitely had some wins from vendor consolidation in that standpoint. So, some of our competitors inside the clients had more trouble or let's say more challenges and that gave us some opportunity to pick up some business in those accounts.
Jason Peterson: Ark commented on the, I guess, the demand for talent. I'll just comment on some of the internal metrics. The attrition within the company has continued to decline, clearly focused on the safety and well-being of employees, but also focused on making certain that employees remain kind of committed to the journey here at EPAM. So, we actually completed our annual promotion campaign. And so, for the whole company and we've already done that this year. That impact of annual compensation increases is actually fully embedded in the Q3 results. So we try to make certain that as we see improving demand that we're making certain that we're supporting our employee base. And I think a number of the other things we've done including, Ark and others leadership has contributed to actually a decline in attrition rather than an increase.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So maybe I'll first focus on just kind of Q4. So generally what you have in Q3 is you've got higher levels of available working days or bill days. And so generally that has a positive impact on gross margin. And then you have lesser days in Q4 which has a negative. But we are beginning to see declines in the COVID-related concessions that have impacted both revenue growth and profit to a certain extent. Utilization continues to run a little bit higher and probably will be somewhat higher in Q4. And so I think you'll see the gross margin will kind of remain around the level that it was in Q3. On a go-forward basis, I probably shouldn't be talking about 2021 until we get to our Q4 call and had a little bit more thoughtfulness around it. But just talking about moving pieces, there's quite a bit, right? We'll clearly see a reduction in the COVID concessions as we enter the fiscal year. At the same time some of the questions that were asked earlier around what happens with pricing and everything, the pricing environment is not exactly the way it used to be. In some areas, we clearly have, there's some opportunity because demand is strong. But until there's a global improvement in the overall macro economy, I don't think you'll see the same types of pricing that you may have seen in past years.
Jason Peterson: I mean, we've had a subtle shift towards fixed fee that I think you'd see it in our fact sheet. But I don't think you'll – it may continue to drift a little bit with a slightly higher fixed fee component. But again, we're still going to substantially be the T&M from a revenue generation standpoint.
Jason Peterson: And again, just on kind of more tactical metrics, so the fastest-growing geographies for us in Q3, Mexico, India, Europe. So, we continue to, kind of, diversify and become increasingly global. Within the CIS region, we're growing most rapidly in the Ukraine. But you continue to see a, sort of, expand our geographic footprint.
Jason Peterson: All right. So, let me just clarify a little bit on the comment. The furloughs still can come, right? So, we just try to be thoughtful around the impact on what you described, either vacation or furloughs or potentially any other types of disruption. And so, again, there's just a thoughtfulness. And, again, at this point, we'll still see what happens here in the remainder of November and December. I think from the standpoint of, clearly, demand exceeds supply. But it would be hard to sort of size, like there's too many kind of puts and takes in the numbers to sort of size what upside could be. I think we feel that the $695 million and $705 million is a well-reasoned number based on the environment. I should comment that we don't expect to see much FX benefit in the quarter and we also have a much lower level of acquisition or inorganic. So, that 10.6%, it's in the midpoint, is pretty much truly a 10-plus percent organic constant currency growth rates. And as Ark said, it's kind of one of the highest sequential growth rates that we've seen year-over-year – sequential growth rates that we've seen over time. And so, I think it's – again, it's a good solid sort of revenue guidance.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. I don't think there's any – I mean, again our guidance both in terms of revenue and profitability incorporates, let's say, an appropriate estimate and we're pretty focused on what that looks like and what the productive capacity looks like. So, I wouldn't expect anything unusual to occur there.
Jason Peterson: I think we probably got somewhat nimbler, particularly in the area of sort of supply and demand matching. And there's a number of things that we've done to I would say sort of accelerate processes of getting resources onto accounts. In that I think one of the other areas just from a financial standpoint as I think we have made some real changes in our invoicing and cash collection processes. And it's part of what has contributed to that decline in DSO and the real improvement in cash collection and our cash balances.
Arkadiy Dobkin: In very short for the last three months, we have probably less than half of day some interruption in connectivity. And it was already more than two months ago. Since then, infrastructure and general working conditions environment were pretty much stable in line with norm and we definitely have a lot of experience of monitoring and kind of seeing what's happening based on my experience of 2014 when situation escalated between Ukraine and Russia. So, really built very detailed BCP plans then. We were using them, adjusting them. To a specific situation in Belarus and again monitoring this daily and so far practically zero impact on our operations.
Arkadiy Dobkin: But, David, I will say that still 2021 is not very clear and as you see like we – like the first – this is the first time COVID hit everybody. Who knows what will be happening (00:26:56-00:27:03) so have to keep this in mind.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So this is a – again, yes, it look more like normal, but with couple (00:27:38) Jason mentioned when you have to hold the machines and you need like to take time to go back and we're coming back pretty fast right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yeah. And in general, work from home or this new way of work and, I think, it's very difficult to add anything new to what everybody talking about. Clearly the COVID pushed everybody, kind of, really forward. I don't know for how many years, from acceptance, what it could be. And I don't think it would go back completely to what it was just nine months ago. So, I'm pretty sure that acceptance is different trend. If it would be like for couple months testing, but it's already close to a year and probably will be much more than a year. I'm pretty sure going to stay for long and the models will be changing. The level of distribution on the project would be much more accepted and different approaches to securities will be there as well, so.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we tried to bring some color already to this and there are a number of plans which is new logos, which went pretty fast and there are some new programs. But it's actually all over the spectrum right now. There is some vendor consolidations. There are some slowdowns. I think, in general, it feels that it's much, much closer in overall to what we felt like in normal time, okay? So, I don't know if I can say that it's completely changed, but you'll feel more pressure and more speed from some clients.
Arkadiy Dobkin: ...sorry, I think the difference is like normal from our standpoint that everybody understands it. Like before, it was much more longer term, right now like you feel that it could change based on what's happening. And like when we thought like three months that COVID probably going to be down, now that is going up and what would be the action on this. So there is some question in there all the time.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We didn't see any specific correlation yet. So, again, clearly, like I just mentioned couple minutes ago, the question seems there (00:38:09) at the same time, it's very different than it was March, April when nobody knew how it's going to work. Right now, it's everybody much more comfortable. So, no impact which we see. So, it's everything similar to what we saw like months ago, two months ago, the directions there. But again the question, what impact will be in another month or two? Like seeing yesterday US numbers were 100,000 people exiting (00:38:43). What would be the next? Who knows. No impact so far.
Arkadiy Dobkin: But in general, from work environment like everybody really comfortable working from home and distributed through, like, again I'm – I know that I'm saying what everybody else is saying, so that's nothing different here.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, we don't have any specific numbers to share, but generally that didn't (00:40:03) happen because like when the hit happened in Q2, a lot of companies were reviewing their vendor lists and some of the vendors were definitely benefiting from this. We were benefiting in multiple clients as well. So, that's happening and continuing to happen.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So the simple answer would be as always like both of them very important. And traditionally, we're benefiting from growing with existing clients. And I think the level of kind of the structure for our client portfolio still allow us to grow a lot from existing brands and cross-sell. At the same time, we mentioned one case already today a couple times when we have new logo growing extremely fast with us and we've seen this as a real opportunity to diversify more. But cross-sell is extremely important. And when we're talking about digital, consulting, traditional engineering, we've seen more and more clients where we entered door from one side and basically very quickly bringing the kind of services which (00:42:31) figuring another side of the capabilities again. So, that's happening much more than before.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, general comment also not changing in this – to answering this question because it's pretty consistent for the last eight years. Talent is very critical. There is huge competition for this. And I think with all that's happened even in Q2 and since the crisis started, it really didn't impact the pressure (00:43:31-00:43:36). Because if you think about as a pressure, was going like to more distribution, to more work from home, to more push on outside of the place where you are, and in general like a lot of companies had to reach out to additional vendors. So expanding the locations globally to become easier. At the same time, we talked last year many times about educational, about trainings and all of this, and this is becoming even more important part of our operation. We tried to (00:44:19) November 2019 when we met in Boston and it was a big part of our presentation as well. Actually very serious advances in this area during the last 12 months for us as well. So we're trying to have much more control as I say.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think perspective in general very simple. And again, don't think its eye opening, but if you think what's happened six, nine months ago, with COVID that some companies which were thinking that they are very much on the right place with their digital transformation programs, started to find out that actually what was done during the previous couple years should be very quickly done. And some companies which were postponing the programs realized very quickly that they have to actually jump in as well if, again, business allowed, if financing allowed to do it. From this point of view, both examples exactly illustrate this point. For the first one, they put a lot there already but then realized that the whole digital ecosystem should be very different with this. I don't know, 5, 10 years jump in the future. And the second one really probably felt a pressure to do it immediately and probably were waiting for maybe a year, maybe two, maybe three before and now jumping very quickly to this trend. And I think that's true across different vendors. While again, the general picture, the whole demand is still impacted by some industries and companies which is in a very unfortunate situation right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: This is sequential growth. Okay? But we also need to understand the whole dynamic because you cannot compare this to a normal year because we went down and then we're going up from different situations.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think as we have pretty general knowledge and some company (00:49:00) and some companies in very specific markets definitely under huge pressure, like, if you're talking about some companies which are very tied to the physical space. Who knows how long they will be able to handle the kind of COVID situation. And again our understanding about five and six months ago and now very different again. I'm pretty sure six months ago (00:49:32) number of predictions that it will be much longer, but we as a human being were hoping for the best. And now we're in this reality that nobody can say it's another 6 months or another 18 months.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it's a little bit early at this time. Even in normal year, it will be a little bit early at this time. But definitely, we're feeling that this conversation is starting (00:53:11) happening but – and everybody kind of still in the annual cycles, traditionally, but at the same time, I think everybody understands that the cycles will be much more quarterly or even monthly and whatever decision would be made in the next several months, it could change very quickly. And I think everybody now in this long plan cycles thinking little bit differently. So, but in any case, it's too early at the beginning of November to comment.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And it's definitely very different environment than was in March. So I think while we not expecting exactly coming back to the rate conversation and increases like it was 12 months ago. It's a very different environment right now. And when we're talking about growing demand, it's very visible at least for us and we're seeing pretty interesting kind of competition for right capabilities to execute those programs much faster. So, in some situations, there are – again, very different feels than it was March, April.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yeah. I understand. And this is pretty long (00:55:48) conversation, but in general, you probably seeing what we're doing for the last eight years and how we diversified our global delivery strategy coming just from pure Eastern Europe going to China, India, Latin America, and this is happening as we speak as well. So, there's diversification happening as well. On top of this, we're thinking about and we mentioned what it means work of the future for us as well. And I think the next level of just globalization with actually distribution of the work would be happening. And again, it's coming back to our efforts to have a right platform support for this, right talent management, practices again supported by platforms. We're seeing that COVID just pushing this strongly to the future quickly.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think our traditional answer would be, we would like to come back to our 20% plus, so. And again, that's a balance between demand and supply and it's about the quality of the supply. So, that's why we're still targeting out solid 20% plus for the future.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I honestly don't know how exactly to answer this question. So, basically, through Microsoft Teams and Zooms (sic) [Zoom] (01:02:05) now. So, other than that, I don't think it might changes. Yes, we thought it will be huge impact and everybody else as well, but I think people found a way how to communicate.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you again for attending the call today. I hope everybody will stay healthy during this time. And if you have any questions, David is available to help as always. Thank you and talk to you in three months.
