Ilya Cantor: Moshe, this is Ilya. Look, we have pretty good visibility into Q2, but as you know, there's also a challenging market environment and a competitive landscape. We have less visibility into the second half of the year than we do into Q2. So we're comfortable with $411 million to $418 million in revenues. So, I mean, there's a little bit of a degree of conservatism, but truly, we don't want to be out ahead of the market right now. 
Ilya Cantor: Sure. Okay. Starting with software development in the first quarter, grew 31% compared to the same quarter last year; testing, 32% growth; maintenance and support, 24% growth; infrastructure services, 33.7%, and those are the main components. 
Ilya Cantor: Darrin, yes, again, we have very good visibility into Q2. We have less visibility into Q3 and Q4 as we do in Q2, but the visibility is not outside of what we normally have at this point in time. What gives us a little bit of pause is, again, as you mentioned, the macroeconomic environment, some of the things the peers were saying. However, we are fairly confident in getting to $411 million to $418 million revenues. We're much less so confident in hitting numbers beyond that range at this time, but certainly, we will have more information for you at our next earnings call. 
Ilya Cantor: Right. So Q1 is -- seasonally sees a buildup in unbilled revenues as paperwork gets completed, as purchase orders get finalized. So this is not an unusual trend. We did have a little bit more in terms of unbilled receivables specific to a top-5 account, which has been resolved at this time. So this is definitely not anything out of the ordinary, and as the business gets bigger, the unbilled receivables get bigger as well. 
Ilya Cantor: Yes. Okay. So in the first quarter, we had one stock compensation charge relevant to a restricted stock grant given to a named executive officer. That will not recur, but it's pushing out stock comp in the first quarter by about $700,000. Also in the first quarter, we had initiated our long-term equity incentive plan with an initial set of grants to a fairly deep swath of our senior managers, call it about 300 to 400 people. That didn't impact Q1 that much because it was granted late in March, but it will continue to impact the outer quarters. So that said, stock comp would be around or was around $1.5 million in the first quarter because of the combination of sort of the stuff that's coming forward from last year, plus the one-off grant to Section 16. But the outer quarters will look about the same, about $1.5 million, $1.6 million, because they will have the impact of the initiation of the long-term equity incentive plan, so also about $1.6 million across the year. 
Ilya Cantor: So the other item of significance that's a onetime item is about a $600,000 -- around about a $600,000 charge that shows up in other expenses. That's related to purchase accounting relevant to an acquisition we did in 2010 that had a trigger on requiring us to issue 53,000 shares of stock once we go public. Obviously, we went public so we issued that stock, so we took that charge. And that's a nonrecurring charge. 
Ilya Cantor: Yes, it's about $150 million, $160 million. That will be consistent unless, of course, we make an acquisition. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: No, I was referring to financial services in CIS region, not in general. So this is related only to our portion of business in former Soviet Union. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: We're definitely, as we mentioned before, planning to bring different caliber of people specifically for developing our competency or expanding our competencies and to perform kind of different roles on-site in client-facing situations. And for this, there are special training efforts we're putting together. It's the same as the special recruitment efforts as well. In general, the services which we provide in line with what we were doing before, so training was in our focus for a long time. It's not something really new effort which we're establishing right now. So again, but for some special roles, there is a difference and we are paying attention to this. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. First of all, I would like to kind of point out that it's difficult to compare the business and type of clients we have with some of the very large outsourcing firms which you're referring to, okay? So it's probably not exactly apple-to-apple comparisons in behavior of the clients. At the same time, there are some changes, but I don't think it's something unusual happening. I think it's pretty much in line with normal business when some clients expect some level of ramp-up and then change it or some of them ramping up actually faster than they expected as well. So we have seen both directions right now. We've seen some people were trying to stay flat and then changing plans to increase the team very, very quickly. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: During the IPO and after this, we were pointing out that some competencies which we developed -- SAP just one of them -- were very critical for us to enter our relationships with accounts. Because again, with our size and with our kind of profile of the company, we're opening doors differently than very large, 10x bigger than us providers. So -- and this has actually worked for us, and we increased the number of people who capable, present our special skills in these areas of competencies. So this is happening according to our plans right now. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again, I would point it out the difference between like -- clearly, very carefully, listened yesterday to the Cognizant call, for example. And again, our client base is different and you understand this. So predictability like our power [ph] agreements is also a little bit different. We're getting to the clients with tens of millions, but the number of these clients are relatively small yet. And basically, the plans which they're sharing with us is also limited, I mean, if it's talking about clients between $1 million and $5 million, for example. So that's why kind of to understand the Ilya answer, we're very well and very comfortable with our Q2, but we don't have enough visibility in Q3 or Q4 to go beyond what we're projecting right now. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Well, in general, pipeline, again, we're exactly in line with our guidance for revenue, $411 million, $418 million. So basically, the probability is increasing for Q3 and Q4. And based on the new clients like in Q1, we increased number of clients probably by a dozen. But if you're talking about clients, which we're considering can bring within next 12 months significant revenue, we think we have around 5 clients of this size. And also, kind of coming a little bit back, we were talking or sharing some information about new clients in the past, and these clients are actually growing nicely with us. And we have a number of clients which are coming from $1 million range to $5 million range and from $5 million range to $10 million range. This is happening. So we're kind of increasing a number of large clients in our portfolio right now. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: We believe it's very much in line with historical situation. When you're saying locally, you mean exactly competition for revenue in our regions or competition for resources or... 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again, it's not easy, as we mentioned many times before, but it's pretty much in line with what we expected so far. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: So like what we were communicating before was around 12%, and this is approximately what we expect, maybe a little bit lower. But we will see much better closer to the mid of the year. 
