Arkadiy Dobkin: So and if you take out for example $2.7 million than this is $1.3 million which is on kind of short-term revenue which we decided to give up, its couple of percent of mix.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. That's the right word. Yes. This is like, again, we're talking about here resource constraint, but we clearly were optimizing the long-term of opportunities with high quality -- capabilities otherwise it would short-term billable practice.
Arkadiy Dobkin: No. We don't think that it's impacting us. So, again, we said it before our approach to M&As and we were talking about multiple purposes, multiple growth of this including capabilities, specific expertise and probably some additional delivery locations, but its all still in place right now. So, we're not changing this approach and I don't think we – thinking that anything changed in the longer term perspective as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: But I think might be it would be held for -- held for different, a little different time factor, I mean, answer to a little bit different question. So, for example if estimate how much revenue will loss based on the FX situation from the time when we gave guidance for the year than this number would be 17 million right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And another number which might help everybody as well, if we compared as a lot in effects versus last year than this number would 51 million.
Arkadiy Dobkin: This is already pretty diverse competitive landscape for us. We are seeing all of those companies. So, we're seeing all of these companies on our competition list. And it might be a little bit different between different verticals, but it is pretty much everybody from you named.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don't have. This one is not on the top my head, so probably we can't give this answer to you separately. So…
Arkadiy Dobkin: I probably can repeat what I repeating during the quarters, quarter after quarter. So I think from our perspective, from our side we're seeing pretty healthy demand in North America and Western Europe. So, clearly, Russia or CIS is a different story. So from this perspective we'll see in the next year in similar terms like previous years. So that's our long term answer was like we're looking forward to grow at least 20%.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, I can tell you that Top 5 in general grew about 20%. And I think that's like Top 10 grow in 25%. So this is all in line with general growth.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. We are comfortable and we clearly going to continue to compete in this place very seriously. And we do believe that we have very interesting distinguish against most our players in this space, because we're really trying to invest in integration between digital part of this and really strong [Indiscernible] and we do think that is becoming pretty obviously competitive advantage for us and differentiator. So, from this point of view we're not trying to replicate some other companies each to go into this kind of overlap of digital agencies all around the globe. We're trying to bring this capability and actually really deeply integrate with our delivery skills.
Arkadiy Dobkin: As I mentioned today we do hiring people across all locations, mostly during the last 18 months we expanded in central Eastern Europe like we open as you know Bulgaria, we're growing in Poland. We open center in Czech Republic, so we mentioned that we building operating in Mexican [Indiscernible] already brought their existing clients. So we're looking at this as very much kind of global perspective how to serve clients from different locations and potentially 24x7.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thomson Reuters was the largest client versus Trizetto was one of the Top 10, I don't see this is direct here. Also we're talking about Trizetto because it’s a very kind of probably within formation when Cognizant acquired them, but during the history, during the three years we have similar situation like we were standard because of acquisitions, because of some other different reasons one client from top to any each year Thomson [Indiscernible].  So, I wouldn't put strong parallels. At the same time, yes, Trizetto was big enough clients and we clearly had our opportunities to the purpose, the talent in different directions. So, no, I don't its direct parallels [ph] business. By the way at the same time I would mention that from three years ago Thomson Reuters now become again Top 5 clients.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don't think we were talking about Blockchain on our calls, but in general yes, it could be interesting opportunities including we're looking at into this, which is relatively only one, but as we all know very important financial markets right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. We don't have kind of these accounts at $20 million mark here. I think its still pretty individual improvisation happening. Yes. We have probably around six, seven accounts right now. So, and I think that what we exactly trying to do and that's what we were doing during these last three years, bringing this most strategic capabilities to the clients being able to start more consultative engagements, people who can handle these type of conversations and advice. And we're usually building very strong reputation as a delivery partner. After each client coming to us and starting to – who are coming to us and started to ask about more strategic capabilities and kind of advice and bring installment together and that's why we were really lack in talent like three, four years ago. And again, that's what we were doing and that's what we trying to do. And I think increasing large clients is actually showing that it works and that we continue to do -- planning to continue to do.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it would be for us a little bit premature to do something like this. Russia and Former Soviet Union countries, its quarter million population which again, yes, we know that it's went down, but there are still major businesses there. There is still going on international business which consider in the region as a market and they need to be serve there. And for us is our routes would be kind of a little bit silly probably exiting the market where we can comfortably accurate and still going to accurate because we have 2000 delivery capacity in the market. So we're going to stay there no matter what from delivery perspective. So we just need to be more careful what we're doing, how we're doing this – what type of clients to serve and that's already happening during the last three years, because even before ruble crash you probably saw that the proportionally shares market was going down.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Right. So it’s up about -- on reported terms North America is up about 14 million due to – I don't know that we address any specific accounts within that. North America just continues to be a very strong, our strongest sector. Growth is coming really from across the spectrum of different verticals, so they are really growing. I don't know if there's any specific story different than I kind of spoke to at the top level. Obviously, travel and consumer was very big for us this quarter globally, that's still also true within North America. And we saw a growth across many of our other verticals. So, there's no specific story that I have that addresses that.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, Alex it was actually coupled kind of fixed cost deliverables which we did we did in North America which probably was a little bit extra. So I think life science contributed well in this segment. So probably next quarters maybe not for North America as strong as this one but in general its going to consistently grow like it did in the past.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So probably in the future it would be getting more in line with average across the company. So and right now it’s too early to say. So I think it still will be growing in Q4 pretty too well and let’s see.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think everybody has too memory, because this spike in Q4 was happening like more like in 2013 I think. So it was smaller last year and we don’t expect much this year. So it would probably would be kind of regular quarterly increase as anybody else. Because like in 2016 it was probably imparted by actually CIS market where it had more fixed cost deals closing in Q4. So last year it was already different and this year we don’t expect it.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, probably my answer would be very simple that we are trying to do both, but we have really and we do believe that we have a very strong opportunity in our existing base and we will be continuing growing this and finding new lines of revenue there especially taking into account that we are spending our capabilities and can venture [ph] new things. So I think existing accounts is a big potential for us, we have pretty large number of -- I don’t know exactly what percent of Fortune 500 of 1000 but we have a significant number of large clients which could grow in double and [Indiscernible] with us. But we also when -- a very strong potential right now on the new logo.
Arkadiy Dobkin: What we do believe that we need to have pretty [Indiscernible] client base and not to have to concentrate it. So I think what we have today and with our potential growth of around 20% plus we will try to maintain similar client concentration.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again thank you everyone to join in today and I hope we have addressed concerns which we understand were valid and I hope, we hope to see you in three months again. Thank you. Bye.
Anthony Conte: As far as UBS growth, the one thing I do want to point out, remember that we acquired Jointech in Q2 of last year. So that brought us a significant uptake in UBS revenue since they were primarily servicing on the UBS. So the growth rate in UBS has to be adjusted for the fact that this is in the first fully comparable quarter for 2015. So it was a 20 – you're right, its about 21% growth rate for UBS this quarter. Constant currency would be about 25% for UBS. I think it's – the growth there remains solid and strong. The growth rate is obviously down from where it was in Q1, Q2 because of the Jointech acquisition but its growing pretty much inline with where we expected to be and in line with the rest of the company.
Anthony Conte: And going through the list and there's nothing – there is no specific big stories in any of them, the stories there, pretty consistent with what we've always talked about, it just continue to gain traction and penetrate deeper into those clients.
Anthony Conte: Attrition remains pretty low for us. For the quarter we saw about 8.2% of voluntary production attrition, so it's much lower than our historical average which usually in the low teens. Again as we've talked about in past quarters this kind of driven by the situation in the CIS region allowing us to keep attrition down, so we don't know if that’s going to be a long term permanent effect or not at this stage but we're taking it for this year. As far as wage inflation goes, we would do a small mid-year promotion cycle. So, we saw about 2.5%, 2.6% of wage inflation coming from that mid year cycle, otherwise for the year it remains very low close to zero because of the benefits of FX.
Anthony Conte: Yes, stock comp obviously the biggest component for the quarter. It was just under $12 million for the full year. It will about $45 million. M&A activity will be about $500,000 for the year, for the quarters about $427, amortization and purchase intangibles was $1.3 million for the quarter, it would be about $5 million for the year. And FX right was about 150 negative for the quarter. It will be about $6 million positive for the year and I think that's it. That should get you everything.
Anthony Conte: No. its not one time, it will continue through probably a little bit into next year about half way as we start fall off, so next year we'll start to see some fall up in lets say 2012 acquisition, some of the amortization than it will kind of fall off from there as acquisition age.
Anthony Conte: And then to your question on -- and the answer to your question on FX expectations, built into the forecast is really looking at some of the forward rates for the quarter and you know taking that approach for what we build in from FX expectations. So it will be dependent upon how good the forward forecasts are.
