Anthony Conte: Sure. Hi, David, it is primarily a timing issue. We are seeing just some extended terms from a lot of our clients, people are pushing for longer 60 to 90-day payment terms, so you see little bit of a bump up in my overall DSO. It pushed some of our end of year receivables into January. We actually collected about $35 million in January alone. As far as cash flows outside of AR, if you noticed our tax payments – if you look at our cash flow, tax payments are going up. My cash tax rate as we have more people sitting in US, UK, I am seeing higher cash tax going out the door, so that also impacted my cash flow when you look at it year-over-year. ADS does impact my cash flow but that's not within the operating cash flows, that’s not really down within the investing section. 
Anthony Conte: Sure. From a CapEx perspective, we’re forecasting around $19 million, $20 million worth of CapEx and as far as cash taxes go, we are looking at roughly a 20% cash tax rate. 
Anthony Conte: Cash tax rate has actually crept up a couple points over the past couple of years. When we first IPOed and stock options started to vet, and get exercised, we saw a larger than normal benefit from stock option exercises as a deduction to our taxes which has now leveled itself off. And so therefore that is coming down, therefore bringing cash tax rate up a bit. So that is impacting my cash flow.
Anthony Conte: We’re actually being a little bit more conservative around pricing for 2016 just based on what we’re seeing in the marketplace. It’s still that early in the year for us to fully vet out what everything is going to settle at, that usually is kind of towards the end of the first quarter. And so we are actually looking at more – 3% to 4% is what we’re building into our models just because of everything that’s happening in the economy these days. 
Anthony Conte: Do give me one second. Okay. For the top 5, oh, I have it for the full year, I didn’t fill for the actual quarter, I can recalculate those for you if you need. For the year, the top 5 grew 31% in constant currency, top 10 was 30%, top 20 was 27%. 
Anthony Conte: It’s more of a broader comment. Historically my payment terms have been kind of 30 to 45 days and most what we’re seeing within the marketplace is lot of people are pushing for 60 to 90 day payment terms and we’re having to move a little bit just to basically -- larger clients have extended terms as far as like 45 to 60 days, beyond our normal 30 day. That's why you're seeing a little bit of a creep on our DSO and a little bit of extension of our collections. It’s part of the normal marketplace, I am not talking long, I am talking instead of our normal 30 to 45 days, 45 to 60, sometimes up to 90 days. 
Anthony Conte: Exactly and that we’re dealing with larger clients who have in a lot of cases very standard terms, if they don't accept anything under say 60 days, that’s the trend that we are seeing. So I am feeling a little bit of upward pressure on my DSO as we deal with larger margin clients, more procurement groups and things of that nature.
Anthony Conte: Headcount should be 20%, 25% and utilization should be around 77%. We always target getting into the 76 to 78 range. So we’re kind of modeling right on the middle of the range there.
Anthony Conte: Well, I mean we have a high confidence with the numbers that we’ve shared with you so – but as I mentioned earlier on pricing we are being a little bit more conservative on our estimates there just given the current environment. And generally speaking we’re very confident with the numbers that we’ve come out for guidance. 
Anthony Conte: Our overall guidance is just coming to that -- into that range and we do continue to make investments. And some of the over-performance that you saw in 2015 was, having some help from currency which we don't necessarily factor that into the forecast that we will get that benefit, we forecast relatively neutral on currency benefits. And then we have a variety of things that we want to continue to invest into the business, to continue to support the growth. And that's really all factored into those numbers. So that’s how we come back to 16% to 18% within the range. We don’t really specify where in the range we’re going to land.
Anthony Conte: Absolutely. Yes, I mean we’re very confident, we have a very good client list right now. And we definitely feel there is still lot of opportunity within our client list and given the size of the companies and the size of the marketplace we see a lot of potential for growth. 
Anthony Conte: No, I mean Q3 unbilled was – I’ll call the number off hand – it was $104 million in Q3, so it dropped from 104 million to 96 million.
Anthony Conte: I mean I had a more general answer. You talked about macro uncertainties and weakness, and really it’s everywhere. I mean, just look at the news and just look at what’s happening and just overall the world, and so our conservatism is coming from looking at, yes other reports that have been coming out but also from just reading the news on a regular basis and just looking at what’s happening in the world.
Anthony Conte: None of our markets will decline. At this point any market that we are currently in is looking at growth from a labor sourcing perspective. And some of our more traditional markets, Belarus, will continue to be one of our fastest growing areas in absolute headcount and then some of our smaller and newer locations if you think about like Poland, Hungary, you look at what we are doing in Mexico, those guys will grow at probably a faster percentage cliff. India, now that’s part of the geo mix, so that will grow, a very balanced. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think we’re improving the major component of this but as you mentioned, so this is I think kind of common statement there, situation is changing in very much like -- some years ago when we were implementing systems it was kind of longer term of life for them, now it’s customer engagement situation can drive, when we’re talking about mostly consumer oriented systems, so the change is happening too fast. So this level of investment required is very high. So I think while we kind of sinking the gaps in some places, we see some gaps growing in other ones. Like for example, internet of things which we mentioned today as well, in our opinion would change the whole landscape pretty strongly. So it would require – short answer, it would require a lot of investments in our opinion where we’re going. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: And this terminology is sort of pretty sizable, what is the product here, what is required for them but we’re definitely seeing broader needs for solution type of platforms which would help to accelerate startup phases of the projects and also we’ve experienced during the last couple of years when we went through dozens of corners or consumer engagement type of implementations, we’ve seen a lot of opportunities for some level of amortization through accelerators development. So that would be happening. So yeah, I think one of the key advantages we’re seeing at EPAM that we can actually put relatively complete custom implementations of aggregated platform for this changing environment. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: It’s growing but what we’re doing for them, I don’t think we can talk in details. But it’s the second largest account right now for EPAM, that’s what we provided. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: What you can do – you can look to historical numbers and these ratios were pretty stable over the last several years. So our assumption is that would be in line for the next couple of years as well but as a follow up, now predicting things would be very difficult and we’ll see. But we will also – I mentioned today number of large clients, we have an opportunity for growing. So we kind of have pretty stable and interesting existing client base to benefit from.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I would say very general statements like you saw our attribution rate and wage inflation which is a little bit lower than traditionally we’ve had during the last several years, which probably is a function of some situation in Eastern Europe but general environment is still very difficult and very competitive for any talent acquisition and especially the talent which we’re looking for. So it’s – as I repeat practically on each call, really the biggest global problems everybody has, and we don’t see any simplification here. Basically for our growth right balance between business and actually delivery still remain the main focus I would say.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don’t think any of them will break to $100 million in the next year and maybe two, but couple of them have a potential for this type of business. And I think even below this top 5 there are clients with such potential as well. But again it’s not going to happen this year. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: So it would be much in line with our current vertical focuses. So it’s a combination of this, because we’re bringing some very interesting products through new sales but some of them came in actually to us through acquisitions and it would be kind of unresponsible to not focusing on them but put the risk – people to farms [ph] also down. So from this point of view, we expect close to this, around this percentage to be brought this year, from as long as which we’ve practically started during the previous 12 months. And that’s pretty much in line with our historical numbers too. But depreciated – this would be like spread, or this would be very similar to what we have today. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, we’ll take another discussion to define what a solution product expertise and all that stuff but in very high level I would say that we’re definitely moving forward with a more productized – where productized you need to understand in where the growth sense of this will. And I mentioned today on wealth management. We have similar effort and similar kind of reusable assets around our retail corners proposals. We're also working on multiple accelerators around integration efforts. So – and that was already this year and going to be in the next year, big portion of our investments as well. So it has become very important for us and for the depreciation story.
Arkadiy Dobkin: First of all, I think it would be much more comfortable to tell you kind of extended answer little bit later because we need the actual work before we run with new acquisitions and specifically new for us geographies. At the same time when we were making decision about Alliance Global we kept very specific clients and very specific profile of the company, and at this point we’re pretty much satisfied and didn’t see any unexpected but it doesn’t mean that we’re doing this from the perspective to replicate exactly what large Indian vendors do. So Alliance Global has more technology profile similar to EPAM. So they have very specific expertise in automation tech in which we’re already benefitting from and going to benefit more. So from this perspective, we’re not looking for expanding dramatically in low level of work. So I think the payout which we were having historically from our clients when we were doing more complex stuff, still pretty weak and the percentage of more complex work, more digital work, will be changing, there is definitely shift in the client budget. And I think for our growth we will be focusing still on more high end part of the drugs. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I would like to joke [ph] it’s in our competitors reports. So in general, like on high level I think for us environment is very similar to previous years. So it might be very slight signs of changes, maybe not, it’s very difficult for us to identify but again as usual this year I would like to repeat that our size of the company and now with ability to the market not necessarily but would be in line with the companies 10 times bigger than us. So we work in very specific subset of the IT market which is high growth. But we’re responsible and we see some clients especially like if you think about FX situation in Europe and for some global companies reporting indoors, paid in euro type of revenue and paying us indoors. There are some cases like this, which are very specific and this is like single cases. Anthony would like to add something.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We’ve seen like higher level of unpredictability, even like if you think about, with full year results, we’ve seen a very specific effects trend while for the last two years all these assumptions were wrong, and surprisingly. So we’re seeing the same environment. So from this point of view it’s not like we’re worried about something what’s happening but level of unpredictability is pretty high. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Back to my previous answer, I think we need to work closely but fully in longer term plans we would like to bring the pricing closer to EPAM standards. But we will have to kind of watch what’s happening and how it would be working. At this point we’re already starting to engage our Indian operation in more broader EPAM client base, kind of trying to understand how it works, how client – EPAM client acceptance is. And again we will have much more detailed answer probably in couple of quarters. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we hope that we will come out well there as you said so, I don’t think anything else should be added. So we don’t see any specifically dangerous signs in the direction. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we set specific targets for each market but I don’t think we’re disclosing this on this level of detail, also from the moment which we did in the last couple of years, I think it’s pretty obvious that we do in some diversification from former Soviet Union, more to European Union and now globally to APAC, China, India, they’re growing as well. But the regional decline, there is practically no status quo in any of these markets.  End of Q&A
Arkadiy Dobkin: As usual, thank you very much for spending time this morning with us. So it was a good year, so we hope that we will prove that 2016 is going to be a good year too but definitely not going to be – I would like to also remind that we are organizing our second annual investor day on March 9 in New York City and if you’re interested to see more information about EPAM, more details and client stories, welcome to join and you can find information on our website or contact directly Lilya. Thank you. Thank you very much.
