Arkadiy Dobkin: So this is still pretty new area for everybody and it’s a mixed pricing between fixed cost and time and material, specifically on engineering part. But at the same time, when we involve each consultant, we’re trying to assess what would be potential return and project that relate to the client. So it’s a – as I said, it’s a mixed approach right now and I think both vendors and clients are winning at this point still. But the hope, actually on headcount, clear headcount cost reduction.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we’re not looking of new markets in the kind of big meaning of this work because we do believe that we are already in the markets in our traditional Eastern Europe locations. We are in India. We are in China. But we expand in the regions of these markets and some of these – as you know, markets pretty large and we’ll – we are always open for new locations which we open in inorganic way as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: On specific project opportunities, we’re clearly open for any type of partnership and – with other firms. At the same time, we do believe that it’s critically important to have these capabilities inside of EPAM because to achieve the level of integration and the benefits of starting to sync for the total solution versus specific consulting or design or engineering parts of this, it is important to build this capability inside of the company.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we were adding digital transformation skills during the last five, six years, and we’re still open to add this in an organic way where it’s important in specific locations. And we’re, again, looking for such additions. The same like in other areas, which you mentioned, I think we still have enough gaps to fill through specific M&As, the same like we grow in this very aggressively organic nature.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Probably, a traditional answer. We’re still seeing very stable and strong demand across all our offerings. Again, it’s difficult for us to assess the whole market because we’re relatively small in comparison to our large competitors. But in our area, it’s very similar demand to what was in the past. There are some changes structurally that’s why we were talking about intelligent, automation and RPAs, specifically on kind of proof of concept, the first engagements, and we see that it’s potentially might grow faster than other parts. So there are probably some other smaller aspects of this change. But in general, again, it’s a – pretty consistent with the past. And from competition, I would say the same things. I don’t – we don’t see any significant changes in competitors’ offerings.
Arkadiy Dobkin: As we mentioned before, we are doing these investments pretty consistently in the past. We were talking about our internal [indiscernible] where we’re experimenting. But we also do believe we have some advantage because part of our business, almost 20% of our business, it’s software service systems for technology and software companies. And in many of these cases, we have opportunity to be exposed to new trends and new technologies, including automation and RPAs and artificial intelligent type of applications. And we’re doing this as part of our delivery engagements. And then in many cases, we actually have an opportunity to go together with our clients to their clients for building specific solutions. So we tried to explain it before that we have this type of advantage, and I think it’s helping us right now and we hope will help in the future because we strategically continue to serve this part of the market.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don’t think there is, again, any specific changes. We’re working with established vendors, but we will – established clients in financial space, but we’re working on more digital transformation or digital type of platform. This is – probably allow us to continue growing. At the same time, we’re involved in some specific fintech applications with the smaller clients. So it’s giving us opportunity to continuously grow as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. We mentioned before that it’s one of the smallest verticals for us still. And 1 or 2 clients kind of changes might impact specific quarter. I think we’re coming back to normal there. And it’s practically in line with the company growth right now versus before, we have some slowdown in 1 or 2 clients. So we hope it would be growing more in line with the overall growth of EPAM.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Attrition, I think in line with last year right now. It’s sequentially up a little bit. In general, again – and this is our probably consistent permanent answer to this question. Environment for hiring talent and keeping talent is very difficult and it was last quarter and last year and three, four years ago as well. So basically, we don’t feel that it’s ever going to be easier. At the same time, we continuously invest in trainings, education, looking for better opportunities inside of the company for people to grow in. And I don’t think there is any magic here. So that’s a continuous effort which we’re really committed to do.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. Let me start from different order, like from Hyderabad. We moved to very well built new location. And we’re operating in India for the third year, and it’s clearly was a new experience for us and we learned a lot. And we are bringing engineering culture, which we have in EPAM, to our locations in India. And it was, again, a lot of learning during these several years. The decision to move was actually attributed to our belief that we would be able to grow because for last years, we maintained practically a flat headcount in the region. Now, we’re much more comfortable that we would be able to benefit from our investment. So we’re careful where the significant clients move to the regions because very good review on the quality of the services, which we started to deliver from there. And this location would allow us to grow with the next several years. So on Europe, yes, I’ll pass it to Jason here.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Sure. Like – clearly, we’re just a little bit of 4 months in this. And it’s probably too early to do any conclusions. It’s usually only – even after plus 12 months, but we do see a number of very interesting opportunities, which we started to go after together. We have already exposure of Continuum services to EPAM client base and opposite a client capabilities presenting and even starting some smaller projects to clients which originally came from Continuum. From this point of view, we’re thinking pretty good growth right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We – basically, like in any other engagements, we’re working with some other vendors on the same implementations like on e-commerce or big data, it could be some other vendors. It’s exactly the same story in RPA, but we don’t partner with anybody specifically, with exception of providers of the specific platforms like Automation Anywhere or Blue Prism or WorkFusion.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you. And thank you, everybody, for participating. We do believe it was strong quarter despite of some FX influences from results, and we do believe that we will be continue growing with – within the promises we shared like before. So thank you very much, and see you next quarter.
Jason Peterson: A little bit of an improvement from Q1 to Q2, and that’s in part what drove the improvement in the gross margin from Q1 to Q2.
Jason Peterson: I think it’s pretty much on the surface, the utilization numbers in the accrued compensation that we talked about. And so Q2 of last year was an extremely high level of utilization at 79.6%, and so there is a pretty significant decline between Q2 of 2017 and Q2 of 2018. And then we’ve got the variable comp piece, which we’ve talked about. We did improve gross margin between Q1 and Q2 of this year. And what we expect to see is that continued improvement in gross margin in the second half of 2018. So I think you’ll continue to see gross margin improvement. And I’m sure, as you’ve noted, profitability from an adjusted IFO standpoint is actually up if you look at the first half of 2018 versus the first half of 2017. And so we feel like we’re still very much able to manage within the 16% to 17%. And I think what you’ll see is improvement in gross margin throughout the remainder of the year.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So in Q3, you’ll have sort of 2 effects. One will be that you’ve got a seasonal lower utilization level in Q3 just due to vacations and summertime. And so that’s something that you see every year for us. You do have more bill days though so the net impact to that is still up, the positive improvement in – or an improvement in gross margin. And then what you’ll see us do is continue to work on utilization in Q4. At the same time, I think we’ve talked about the pricing environment in the past is that on average across the broad range of customers, we are seeing average rates increase. And then as we’ve talked about, there’s a significant number of customers where we’re actually getting annual rate increases.
Jason Peterson: Yes. There hasn’t been a significant shift in the onsite/offshore ratio. So it’s just a very modest shift. And so no. At this time, that wouldn’t be any sort of driver. What you’re really seeing is just the delta between the high level of utilization we ran last year and kind of where we are right now. And that was intentional. We talked about taking utilization down to allow us the opportunity to continue to grow rapidly.
Jason Peterson: Yes. We’ve got that. And so – and it would – it’s consistent with that 40%, 60% that we’ve talked about with 40% of it coming from, what we call, new revenants, which are customers that began generating revenue in the last 12 months; and 60% from the existing customer base.
Jason Peterson: Yes. There’s probably – okay. I – the answer would be yes, and they’re probably – we sort of peeled it back a layer, so there’ll probably be two factors inside that. So as we discussed with David in the last set of questions, is that there’s a slight shift towards on-site and then at the same time, we are seeing an increase in our rates on average across our customer base. A lot of the rate increases do come in, in the first half. And so you’ve got the combination of actual kind of rate increases and then the subtle shift towards on-site, which would also sort of push up the revenue per employee.
Jason Peterson: You’re not seeing a significant shift in fixed price versus T&M. I do think over time and someday we’ll continue to explore. But at this time, we’re still substantially in the time and materials business from a pricing standpoint.
Jason Peterson: So I don’t know if the demand has changed, but we continue to see quite significant demand in our space.
Jason Peterson: That’s a good question. So we’re actually pretty well hedged. And so we’ve got – we’ve always had kind of a natural hedge. In the Ukraine and in Belarus, actually, the salaries are notionally in U.S. dollars and so we don’t see volatility there. We’ve got currencies in Europe, which are primarily sort of expense currencies, the Polish zloty, the Hungarian forint. We’ve got revenues driven between – in the euro and in the pound in which you find that there’s some degree of correlation between those. So when the U.S. dollar strengthens, you may see less revenue from a euro perspective, but you also generally see a decline in costs in some of our Central European delivery centers. And then we’ve also hedged the ruble. And so what you see is that – I – we’re in a position right now where even as the dollar strengthens, what it tends to do is have an impact on reported revenue and reported revenue growth rate, again, a negative impact, but it only has a very modest or slight impact on EPS.
Jason Peterson: No, I think we’re still very pleased with the demand environment in Europe and also pleased with the growth. I think largely what you did see with the strengthening of the U.S. dollar that does have a negative impact on the growth rates in Europe. And so right now, the environment there tends to have continued strong demand. And so I don’t think there’s anything to take away from the somewhat slower growth rate there.
Jason Peterson: I mean, I think what you see is that – from a concentration standpoint, we continue to improve. But certainly, we’ve had – our top clients could – many of our top clients continue to grow quite rapidly. And at the same time, it got to the same story, I think, we’ve told you in the past which is that we’re getting a lot of growth from our new customers as well. But certainly, we see some nice growth from our large, established customers in addition to the growth that we’re getting from new logos.
