Arkadiy Dobkin: I wish it would be easy to answer the question because like, as we mentioned, the situation is not stable at all. But definitely, one of the reaction of the clients on this change was consolidation. And we've seen this clearly, specifically across large clients. So it's not something really new, but it was accelerated during the last two quarters, practically. And I don't know what – how exactly to quantify it. It's definitely happening at a number of large clients.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I'm smiling because even in this situation, like I can repeat what repeating for the last several years. So it's a very different environment in general. But for the talent it's very similar because like with the situation, as you heard – as you see, the kind of competition for talent on global level only growing. So – and while revenue impact because of specifically all these budgets and all these uncertainties happen, gave kind of relief for some period of time. It seems like in the future it will be very, very competitive. And it's feel and visible even right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: No, no. This is just very volatile environment where clients were making kind of one assumption at the beginning of the quarter and change it then. So – and that's exactly, I think, a reflection of how we were like communicating at this point. And right now, as we mentioned already, environment feels much more stable. So there is no like daily changes or weekly changes in client behavior. It's much more predictable. That's why we feel that Q3 feels better. But as you know, it's still not business as usual, and that's why we're still not comfortable to predict what's going to happen in Q4.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think it would be more proper to talk about it like next quarter because like if you understand like what's happening dynamically in the market, and Q2 wasn't exactly the quarter where people were hiring a lot. So that's why it's difficult to answer the question. It definitely was very different than last year. It was mild softer labor market. But again, Q2 probably will be an exception. So I think that question would be interesting to kind of review next quarter when some stabilization happen and people will start to kind of hiring again in bigger numbers. I understand a little bit confusion because we're saying that it's still a very competitive market, and it is a very competitive market, okay. But Q2, again, was an exception and wasn't much hiring was happening. So mostly like numbers was natural attrition, which is also lower. Involuntary attrition was higher than usual, okay? So that's all changes. Demand from clients was clearly lower than previous quarter. Everybody understand Q2 still huge different versus Q1. But right now, since the market stabilize, right now, the labor market starting to be – getting hotter as well. So – and I think next quarter will show the differences.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think I would rather confirm what we shared already today in our kind of general update that we would like to see how we return to 20-plus percent growth. And I think it's very, very visible because higher growth at this size, very difficult to accomplish because all of these components of the quality metrics which we need like to provide and everything else which we talked in the past many, many times. So, I think, the goal right now to return to normal for us, 20% growth. And, I think, the market definitely will support it. Higher than that, it's a different issue than just market demand.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. I think we're missing the point of how the whole process working and what it means in terms of supply chain when you need to hire like thousands of people. So when something like was starting to happen in March and April, with predictions that everything will go down and clients' reactions as well. So you have to stop it, the whole engine of bringing people in, okay. And this engine, you cannot start just in one day or in one week, and that's what we're talking about. There is no anything systematic like problem which not recall, but we need like probably another quarter to restore the whole engine to work properly.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Plus, it's still like there is like from the market point of view, it's not the market's clear from demand to support 20%. Let's not forget this as well. It's not like we are in a normal environment. We are not. And we all understand that volatility is very, very strong. And like even what's happened in Q2 alone, it's stabilized. At the same time, many of us were thinking that the whole pandemic kind of situation going to improve and then the second wave started. And we still don't know how the second wave will come up like in another month or two and what it means actually for business. And business still haven't got potentially second wave. That's why we're talking about it's, by far, not business as usual still. It's much more stable than three months ago when we were talking about what we see. In May, it's much more stable, but it's incomparable with last year.
Arkadiy Dobkin: That's absolutely true because we don't want to ramp up and then have again situation like we were facing this at the beginning of Q2 or end of Q1.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think during my kind of general overview, I was trying to bring specifically the points. Like I think, yes, largest client with whom we have strong relationship and level of trust, we're benefiting from consolidation, okay. There are a lot of opportunities for growth in large clients which feel better and more strategically jumping to prepare themselves for kind of unexpected situation like happened already, because somebody was asking about if we're seeing that all this digital transformation will allow us to grow faster than 20%. From this point of view, I think everybody understands that digital will be winning even more and demand will be even more and everything what's happened pushing us like for five, 10 years ahead than we expected like six months ago. So all of this happening. So on specific points, there are companies like there are new clients, and we have a number of new clients, pretty large ones, which, as we mentioned, we're thinking that probably in another 18, 24 months might become top 20. There are some growth in below 20 across a number of clients. At the same time, there are some impact on smaller clients, which not certain or didn't have financial resources to put together or actually in the industries which is very much impacted. So – and that's created this a little bit increase in concentration. So – but in general, we don't see any specific like or something unusual from reaction across the portfolio. I think it's pretty good feeling about opportunities throughout the portfolio.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think like, in general, it's almost like practically each industry right now looking what they need to do next to prevent the situation. That's why like it really feels that there are opportunities across almost each industries, even the most impacted exactly because they were most impacted and they're thinking what to do during the next time. The problem still there that nobody understand where economy going to be in six months. So – and the juggling decision, jump right now or wait a little bit, or some of them have resources, some of them not. So – but my short answer would be that opportunities practically all over the place. And this is like at beginning of Q2 some of them completely stopped and then at the end they reverse decisions.
Arkadiy Dobkin: In our view, customers looking best-in-class partners specifically right now because everybody understands – again, coming back to how this crisis showing how important digital going to be in the future. And from our point of view, we're winning in some consolidation game exactly because of considering to be best-in-class right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Honestly, in my view, it's still more specific customer dependent than specific vertical dependent. Again, probably, at least this is how it feel inside of our portfolio. But we're definitely seeing some acceleration across capital clients and health care, life science and media and communication as well. But there is still a lot of volatility. So it's very difficult to answer this question. This is certain that this industry growing much faster than others. Because like I mentioned like even some of them impacted, some of them making strategic decision and sometimes be surprised.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it's kind of the second – the most interesting outcome of the whole situation in addition to acceleration of digital like the acceptance of working-from-home environment. And again, at some point, we expect that the clients will be much more demanding to return to more normal setup. But again, the second wave, practically starting this, and it's turned into a much longer exercise working-from-home. I think we still will get lessons from this because one thing when people considering, okay, I need to do it like for three, six months and then another like changing for almost permanent. But in short, I'm not going to say anything new here. Everybody understands that it was much, much better than anybody expected. And companies were able to turn to this environment and stay productive, much better than expected. And it's, for sure, that this environment is going to be with us for long term. The proportion of this is going to be 20/80 or 80/20 or 50/50, we will still have to see. Probably like in another six months, we will be having much better answer. But we definitely rethinking the whole infrastructure right now and how it works. While, again, we were preparing for this, I probably mentioned before that we probably one of the most distributed company with a number of small offices in comparison to any our competitors. So better prepare it for this. Now we're going like to improving the systems and operation and platforms to support even higher level of distribution. And I think we'll be benefiting from this. But again, the exact proportions, we'll still have to see.
Arkadiy Dobkin: The best – it's definitely given additional level of flexibility in terms of finding the best talent independently of where its location and how it can work, from office or not from office, from large city or small city. From this point of view, it's additional dimension for talent, but it's not going to benefit just EPAM. It can benefit anybody who will be able to provide the right infrastructure. We do believe that we have advantage here.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We do believe that outside 20 we'll start grow – and we'll be growing eventually faster. In this very dynamic environment, it's a little bit different because if you have established relationship and opinion changing quickly and you understand what you're doing, so sometimes it's easier to focus on known relationships and known facts. So it's part of this. But in general, like, let's not be confused about top 20. We have like – inside of top 50 or top 100, we have so many opportunities to grow that we're absolutely sure that it would be rebalanced again 1%, 2%, 3% up and down between all of this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, different locations is different. But in much more scalable locations, probably 50% of people coming from universities, but we have special infrastructure to go through like internal boot camps to bring the level of people to the right level. And it could be hundreds of thousands of people in these boot camps. And that's part of the style which was kind of slow down as well. And that's why we're explaining the whole logistic. But we're talking like almost each quarter about our platform and system. It includes like already distributed platform to interview and process and the whole workflow, which is part of our ecosystem. So from this point of view, doing this virtually, it's very much part of the culture as well. So...
Arkadiy Dobkin: From this point of view, we should be able to reengage the whole engine relatively quickly. But again, it still takes time, taking into account how much is distributed across multiple development centers and how much we need to like to put efforts around boot camps and all.
Arkadiy Dobkin: From M&A point of view, I don't think there are any changes. So it never was put on hold. So it's actually – I would say that it's probably even accelerated area of focus, very, very similar to what were in the past. So there is no change here. The thinking is as usual. So when it would be happening so we will announce. But again, nothing change in M&A.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you for joining us. And again, hope that everybody is safe in this interesting time. And we're pretty positive about what's happening right now. It's much better than we thought will be like three months ago. So again, environment is stabilizing. Hopefully, it will be continuously stabilizing and let's see what we can share in three months. Thank you.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So in the quarter – in Q2, and then I'll talk about Q3 as well, we'd have had a modest impact on revenue, but it did show up in our gross margin number. And to be clear, if you think about clients, particularly, for instance, a midsized airline that is doing 10% of the revenue that they had expected to do and they have – asking their employees to work two days a week and take a 60% or greater sort of pay cut. When you have a discussion with that type of client, it's very hard to say, hey, look, we're not going to do something to support you. And so we had a series of those types of conversations, again, for definitely a minority of our customers, those who had very challenged kind of revenue models. The discounts are definitely sort of temporary, intended to sort of bridge through a COVID period. We expect that the impact will decline between Q2 and Q3 and then, again, in Q4. And again, it's a temporary to just be a supportive partner of certain of our more challenged clients.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So we feel clearly much better about the demand environment. What we saw in Q2, I think, consistent with what some of our peers have said is sort of stabilization kind of in the middle of the quarter. And then we've also seen some really interesting growth opportunities, both with existing clients. And actually, we've had some nice new logo wins even during the pandemic when we couldn't meet with clients and they couldn't come visit us in our delivery centers. So clearly, the demand environment is improving. At the same time, you'll note that we really didn't add any headcount. Actually, headcount declined between Q1 and Q2. And so we've turned back the recruiting engine. We've turned the recruiting engine back on, but we've kind of had a quarter where we didn't add headcount. And so that is going to have an impact on the growth rate as a percentage growth rate. We're clearly back hiring relatively aggressively at this time to support what we see is a solid improvement in the demand environment.
Jason Peterson: I mean, you got to think about the fact that we usually would have hired, I don't know, 1,500-plus employees, and those employees aren't here right now, right. So that is going to have an impact on. So again, it is very much – or much more so supply-driven. Right now, we're back in a time where demand feels certainly improving. And now it's all about putting supply in place.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So we feel comfortable with our ability to hire to support the demand. But as Ark said, the market continues to be somewhat challenging.
Jason Peterson: Yes, correct. So we had very high utilization in Q2. We expect that, that utilization level will decline between Q2 and Q3. At the same time, I expect you're going to see a solid improvement in gross margin between Q2 and Q3. And that's driven by a number of factors. One, as I said, the discounts are time-based and temporary. So the level of discount will decline between Q2 and Q3. We had some revenue recognition impact in Q2, largely related to Russian financial institutions. And again, it's something that we occasionally experience where we start work, but we don't have a signed contract and so we're not able to recognize revenue. We'll have less of that impact in Q3. Then we usually – the usual impact of Q3 is there's more available workdays in Q3. So that has a positive. So those three positives will exceed the impact of lower utilization. And I expect a solid improvement in gross margin between Q2 and Q3. And that's part of the reason for the guide of 16.5% to 17.5% despite the fact we also expect an elevated SG&A as a percentage of revenue relative to the 16% we booked in Q2.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So Ark kind of talked about market and customers and the fact that we didn't pull anything in. I think I'll just answer simply from an algebraic standpoint. We had this, what I call, a slightly perverse impact of the pandemic. Demand was somewhat better than we expected, as Ark said. But we – people couldn't go on vacations. In many cases, those of us who were in major cities, you couldn't go outdoors to do anything other than to grocery shop and walk your dog. And so you had people who would have had booked vacations that did not take those vacations, and instead, they worked. And so we saw much higher levels of utilization, and that helped – in the T&M business that helped drive some of the revenue overage. And we expect that the utilization levels will return to normal, which again is high 70s. And so part of what you're seeing is arguably a supply constraint that's a result of people beginning to take vacations in Q3 when they didn't take vacations in Q2, if that's clear.
Jason Peterson: So I wanted to, first, I think comment on the negative. So we ran at 16% SG&A, and we do expect that to head back towards the 18% to 19% range that I've guided to in the past. It will take some time, so I don't expect to end up in that range in Q3, but we probably would end up in the 17% to 18% range. I do think, though, that we clearly have learned during this process, right. And so we did a lot more – a lot better job, to be honest, probably of matching supply and demand and being very nimble to respond to changes in individual clients. So for instance, you had a ramp down of one client and a ramp-up in another. Rather than hiring to support the ramp-up, we were very careful to try to match staff that were coming off one customer to – and then to put them on the ramping account. So I think we got more nimble there. So who knows what impact that could have on bench and utilization. And I think, that what you'll continue to see now, particularly in both the SG&A and to a certain extent in the gross margin line is renewed investment to support that in excess of 20% growth rate that we expect to return to in the not overly distant future. But again, so I think there'll probably be things that will be kind of on the margin in terms of positive impact, including probably less travel and some of that. But I think, I would still sort of articulate that our greater than 20% growth rate with a profitability range of 16% to 17% sort of consistent profitability is how we intend to land once we kind of get through the challenging economic times.
Jason Peterson: Yes. And we kind of ran the recruiting engine in kind of idle mode. We've turned that back on. As I think you've seen in the past, we've been able to add, in some cases, I think, in excess of 2,000 net additions. And so clearly, it will take us a little bit of time to go from idle to sort of fully running, but we're clearly doing work that we've always done with universities. We're beginning to do lateral hires. Again, our brand as a hirer continues to improve. And so I think you'll see us sort of turn it on and certainly push it harder as we go from Q3 to Q4.
Jason Peterson: Yes. And so as Ark said, generally, we've been operating at greater than 20% growth. So I think those types of growth rates which, I think, historically, have been more in the sort of 22% to 23% to even 25%.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So the organic growth rate, so I'm going to decompose. So we've got 14.6% reported, on a constant currency basis we've got 15.5%. And then we've got about 2% benefit from inorganic. And so that was a 13.6% organic constant currency growth rate. We expect to get less of a benefit from, let's say, M&A related or inorganic. So we think that, that contribution is going to go from 2% in both Q1 and Q2 to 1% or maybe slightly above in Q3. So again, the – I think we feel pretty good about the growth rate considering the market. And again, very little of that is acquisition driven.
Jason Peterson: Yes. I mean the challenge without my sort of doing the algebra on the phone call, which I'm going to avoid, is – but I'm going to maybe help you with that. You have to probably go back and look at how many – how much headcount we were adding, let's say, in 2019 on a quarterly basis and then look at what we added in Q2, which was net negative. And think that, that comes out of the revenue number for a while until we can sort of catch that back up. And so, naturally, I think, going to take you to a place where you realize that it's hard to get in excess of 20% growth rate in the near-term because you've got a lot of hiring catch-up that you need to do. Again, solid demand environment, we're continuing to hire, but we have a quarter where we were appropriately responding to a very unclear and, as Ark said, sort of declining demand environment as we went from Q1 to Q2. Ark, do you have? Okay.
Jason Peterson: So – and maybe I wasn't clear enough, is that in the case of Q2 we're running at very little bench, right. So when we entered the quarter and we gave guidance, we said that, hey, if demand slacked, we were going to maintain our workforce and maintain our capacity for a return. And we guided to $590 million to $605 million. And here, we ran at $632 million. And so you can – so there's not a lot of inventory left in the form of bench, and so we've got to build our inventory back up again. And again, it means that we feel good about the demand environment. It means that we expect ongoing revenue growth. But as Ark said, it just takes a while to hire the thousands of employees that you need to get back to an in excess of 20% revenue growth rate.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So the funny thing, even at travel, which would have had an immediate impact coming into April by the – by, let's say, late in the quarter, you began to see certain of the travel customers come back and say, hey, look, we need to do certain things to be able to respond to the changes in the market. And so I would say it's, in some cases, maybe better, but at the same time, we clearly expect that that's going to continue to be challenged from an annual growth rate perspective. We continue to see strong and expect to see strong growth in the business information and media. Large companies looking to modernize their technology – large technology budgets. So we think that continues to be a strong opportunity for us. Health care, as Ark has talked about, we not only feel good about health care but also we've got some new opportunities there, new logos. And then, I think, the financial services might be a little bit mixed. As we talked about, we had a ramp down of a European bank, and that will show up again in the Q3 growth rates. But – and again, the technology is a little bit mixed for us. We've got some large technology clients, including one that Ark talked about in his – at the beginning of the conversation that continues to show good growth. And then we've got some smaller tech clients that probably continue to take a more defensive stance.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So I think, we've talked about the fact that we've always had a series of systems and processes that are supported by the systems that we use to track demand and update on a daily basis. At the beginning of Q2, we also initiated a series of what we call standup meetings, Europe in the morning and North America in the afternoon, where we were very carefully collecting feedback on customer behavior. And certainly, there was an awful lot of ramp down activity at the beginning of Q2, which informed our guidance, okay. Right now, obviously, the tone of those conversations are radically, and I would say, kind of 180 degrees different. And so clearly now, we have much more comfort. We've talked about sort of improving demand. I would say, maybe strangely, more the uncertainty is around supply. And, again, this is going to sound kind of funny, but true, it depends on, to a certain extent, on how much available work we have, whether or not employees are on vacation or whether they're staying at home and working. And you understand how that dynamic would work in a T&M business.
Jason Peterson: Let me just look at it for a second here. Yes, I'm concerned about maybe what conclusion you might draw, but my rough math kind of, yes, would be somewhat consistent with that.
