Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you, Anthony. A few points before we turn to Q&A. Our 2017 outlook reflects the continuous strong demand for our services. We should expect the markets that we serve to be disrupted and go through the natural cycles. At the same time, we are very confident that our strategy of combining our traditional technology and engineering advantage. This proven capabilities in digital transformation, design and emerging consultancy should enable EPAM to mitigate those events responsibly and to drive results from a business which has very solid fundamentals in our view with industry leading growth rates. With that, let me turn the call back to operator for Q&A.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. So thank you asking for question. So I will remind what you were shared in last quarter. The mismatch was mostly driven by two components. One of them was UBS change in plans for their future growth and our preparedness to provide services and basically hiring people in specific locations for this client. And the second was our integration processes in the years and kind of our new experience at the rate operate in the new geography. And between this two, basically it was a mismatch and we decided not to do any reduction in headcount, because we know that we continue growing. There is relatively pretty strong demand and we don't need to hire a people like one quarter later anyway. So we decided to stay at this and continuing to invest in the talent. So that was the mismatch which started to happen actually not even last quarter but second part of the last year. As we mentioned already today, versus Q3, Q4 actually was performing practically 4% better on utilization. At the same time, it will take probably another quarter to get to normal or maybe even two quarters, so it's very difficult to predict. But definitely there is a right approach. How to eliminate this kind things in the future, that's much more difficult equation, because sometimes not necessarily it completely difference on us, there is some level of unpredictability in client situation in the market. And being honest, this type of thing will happen in any the part of world. There is relatively volatile kind of history in utilization depends on some client. When it's a biggest client it' s more noticeable, but on another side as we mentioned we are paying much more attention to this, this is another lesson for us. And we also brought additional experienced people from outside who were dealing with this in the past on bigger scale. And we hope that we will be managing this as much more closely right now. So that's all I can share.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We are pretty optimistic about this when we started like two years ago. And as we said today its growing pretty strongly right now in excess of 40%. So at the same time it’s relatively small, because life science and healthcare only 10% of our business today. But we definitely very interesting in this sector and we are planning to invest product. So we build in additional expertise, we build like considering to build some consultancy around it. So all I can say, we think it’s one of the growth area for us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: All we can share is that we have this deal, which actually bring stability and predictability for us and actually [indiscernible]. How margin would go up, it’s very difficult to predict. Right now, It looks pretty stable and we are optimistic.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So there is a very, very relatively small volatility there. So basically, we might expect that two or three accounts from second dozen will go to the top 10, which is very normal. And we didn’t lose any accounts from this combination. But clearly, there is some replacement, it’s always happening like the kind of bottom two, three, four accounts as they kind of move in between top 20.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I would like to comment because I think it would be multiple equations on concentration and top line. I just, again, would like to remind that, and kind of going back five years in 2012 when practically as we go there we are talking about Thomson Reuters. And just to remind us, the Thomson Reuters, at this time, was probably as big proportionately as UBS or maybe even bigger. And then the second largest client was probably two last time smaller than that and Thomson Reuters actually went out of our top five with the next several years, and we still we are growing and balancing. And again, just to remind that Thomson Reuters is now number three client back and a much bigger than was in 2012. What I mean that we have pretty good concentration, client concentration and balancing of this so with all this volatility, it's not the kind of the key worry for us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yeah, what I mentioned is in our view, very temporary slowdown in Retail and Consumer vertical was as a result of multiple reasons, and one of them was that we have two big programs which were finished.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So these projects actually continues just kind of increase towards slowdown and kind of flatter position. Two programs which we potentially might start a new programs there or like new clients so that's why we considering this pretty temporary.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we already discussed number of accounts several accounts which in our categorization will have to emerging or to life science, which is among the top 10, we have several of them. And in our view we are very fast in penetrating this accounts, there is a pretty good opportunity to grow there. And same like gross many life science accounts which very large forms where our budget share is very, very small still.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again, this is normal. So our, as Anthony mentioned, strategy is the same. When we are asked about acquisitions, plan and M&A, this is very binary. It's going to happen or not so, and very difficult to talk about [probabilities] (Ph). So we are looking for good opportunities and we have a pipeline. So
Arkadiy Dobkin: So first of all, we still think that it's too early to understand exactly the parameters of these changes. And it's kind of very speculative assumptions in any case. But in our case, we have a little bit over 100 people who is in H-1 from our probably 1,300 billable in renewals and consultants in United States. So a thousand people. So basically, it's less than 10%.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Hi David. Yes. Clearly, UBS growth is going to be different than was in previous years, so this is probably not a surprise to anybody right now. So, at the same time, it would be very difficult to talk in parameters like top 10, top 20, top 30 because there is multiple dynamics between different clients. let me rephrase it. We have very strong client base in our top 100 clients, with multiple Fortune 1000 or Fortune 2000 clients where we have revenue from a couple million to $20 million, $30 million and penetration of this client base in comparison with our competitors is very, very low. So we have dozens of clients which could be double, triple in revenue from their budgeting kind of capabilities. And from capabilities of EPAM right now is services issue, weakened for a while. So I think we are pretty confident that we can grow 20-plus percent organically during the next years.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I’m not sure that margin in part directly related to shifting from the top clients. And again, I just mentioned a couple of minutes ago, the history which was with us, like practically four years ago, when we were replacing Thomson Reuters, which was growing practically again, proportionately from their share of our total revenue and from growth perspective, and was a good account from margins point of view, when the shift happened we were be able to mitigate it. Yes, right now, we are practically 2.5 times, three times bigger than that, but proportions in similar and with our $1 billion revenue, which we proudly kind of – while talking today, we are still pretty small company in these series of market.
Arkadiy Dobkin: David, main difference in margins in part versus today and three, four years ago is still going to be currency, because if you think what was happening with the pounds and euro versus several years ago and the base the currency base for our delivery locations, there is a challenge here. So this is the main impact to which we are seeing right now. And where you look kind of the predictability on how these currencies will play.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we also mentioned already today in our prepared notes that we are really focusing on how to bring EPAM to a more welcoming front for different type of people coming from different locations from different cultures. And, again, our investment in talent management and talent acquisition across North America and Europe, this is exactly the answer to your concern. We put it much stronger team for talent acquisition from local perspective. We are going to focus on this and to kind of address and manage this potential, potential risks. At the same time, like, we also need to, like EPAM, for example, historically, always has pretty low proportion of on-site versus [indiscernible] resources. We are strategically increasing this, but we are still very well positioned how to work in the global distributed world and still deliver very complex solutions without necessity to have massively staffed to on-site positions.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think we have, again, in general, the business model in services is relatively simple. There is no miracles here, there is no assumption, unusual happening. At the same time, there are too many variables and too many parameters you have kind to of balance together. So I still do believe that all fundamentals are pretty strong. And challenge in 2017 would be the same challenges you have had in 2016 and 2015 and before and mainly in the future too, balancing between clients' demand and right talent in right places in right time. So this is the main challenge and everything else is variations of this. So clearly, currency and geopolitical issues, but we are living through this already for the last three years as a minimum. And if you think about it where EPAM originally coming from, so that was the challenge for the last 20 years. So I think nothing really new. We are really kind of responsibly and carefully managing what is happening, what we can manage and trying to address things very quickly when it's a more a surprise for us and less predictable. So I don't know what other [Technical Difficulty].
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we do think that with our size of the company today and configuration of our capabilities and client demand, which we are seeing. There is a pretty, pretty good opportunity for us to grow. That's what we are very confident.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So it's also pretty much in-line with our previous performance. We are still pretty optimistic about capabilities and ability to grow in Eastern Europe. We are improving our capabilities in India right now. China, for us, still mostly in market capabilities, what we do is, we started to do some delivery for global clients. And clearly, North America and Western Europe would be a focus for us. We are still planning to increase proportion of in-market resources. So that would be our focus area. And again, we already comment on this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we have provided some comments like in our remark earlier today, where we gave the number, our percentage of growth for the vertical results without UBS. And this is a pretty strong number taking into account that it's not even accounted for FX headwinds so, because without UBS, I think it was a 22% growth without the currency impact. We think it's still pretty, strong. With all, as you mentioned, geopolitical impact and some things, which we cannot predict. We are optimistic about it, we also invested in a lot in special competency including like payments and work share and experimenting with is and having the first projects and actually some of them pretty light. So we are optimistic that we will find the opportunity to grow in line with our total expectations.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I can say that our expectation's pretty balanced with our historical metrics around this account, okay? So clearly, there are more complex deals there but I think it's given flexibility to those parts, and we are very optimistic from the point of view that with the level and quality of the services we provide for stability which we have now would benefit us in the future.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again, this is exactly like fundamental equation for our business, and we probably answered this in each call. And my traditional answer would be that there is nothing new and challenging to bring being talent to the company. This is a growing challenge for the last probably 20 years, it started like from before that comp situation and it's a global challenge. So it's not just about Eastern Europe, it's about Silicon Valley and East Coast, U.S. and London, but we are investing heavily in trainings. We are investing heavily in education and internal people. We expanded during the last several years our geographical footprint. So we are addressing these challenges as you can see during the last five years, and we are pretty comfortable with our current base of only 20,000 people, comfortable in comparison with many of our bigger competitors that we would be able to handle this challenge.
Arkadiy Dobkin: First of all, I do believe that word-of-mouth in services business is not a bad thing because we would like need to have like thousand clients, we need to have three, four hundred very good ones. So on another side, clearly, I hope it’s visible for those who are following us for some time how marketing function changed. How our kind of analyst recognition changed during the last several years. Now our brand is pretty well known. The same is happening in this business development function as well. But combination of referrals and actually markets in Forrester and Gartner, this is all a probably very strong sign of change happening.
Arkadiy Dobkin: No. There is no any shift and it wasn't aggressive and important in the history as well so. In our case.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So first of all, we look forward to seeing you at our Annual Investor and Analyst Day on March 14th in New York City. So just would like to confirm in general that we are pretty confident, and I think we addressed [indiscernible] questions. And thanks for attending today's call and if you have any questions, David should be able to help. Thank you.
Anthony Conte: And your question on cash flow at the beginning. We don’t give specific guidance at this point around cash flow or cash flow conversion. Clearly 2016 saw improvement, some of that improvement was driven by or most of that improvement was driven by the improvements in the DSO. So we had some pick-up in 2016 that was recovery from kind of late 2015. We are working to stabilize and normalize DSO and maybe at some point in the future, we can talk about guidance around that number. But at this point, we are just issuing kind of DSO guide, which is kind of to be in the low-80s is where we expect and we are feeling out cash flow and then possibly sometime in the future we can talk about guidance around free cash flows and conversion.
Anthony Conte: Sure. Pricing we are anticipating pricing to be low single-digits I think 2% to 3% is roughly what we are putting in. That’s in constant currency and reported, it will most likely be zero or possibly less than zero based on what we see as far as the currency assumptions. As far as utilization, our guidance is the same, we are looking to get it back in range between 76% and 78%. So we need to get ourselves back into that range for the year. And we don’t provide specific guidance on customers. So for UBS, we are not giving any specific guidance there.
Anthony Conte: No. I mean, margins came in pretty close to what we were talking about last quarter. So nothing else was in there.
Anthony Conte: So nothing outside of the normal course. Every year, we have movement, and we don’t expect anything different in 2017.
Anthony Conte: Well, utilization will contribute definitely. So it was unusually low in 2016, so we will get some pick up from utilization which will help margins. But we also have to balance that against continued investments into the business and where we need to continue to support the growth.
Anthony Conte: Yes. Actually, wage inflation is targeted around the same range. We are looking at right now just under 3% wage inflation globally. And that's in constant currency, so we do expect to see some benefit from currency. So right now, it’s looking at least, based on our planning, pricing and wage inflation are fairly balanced.
Anthony Conte: We are in the midst of the search, we are making some progress, we are seeing a number of candidates, and we are just betting the candidates in the pipeline. So nothing more to update at this point.
Anthony Conte: How much? I mean, so full contract factored in terms of guidance, and our expectations for the clients is all baked into the guidance. Not sure I understand the question.
Anthony Conte: The answer is yes. I would expect to see stability. Right now, based on the pricing environment and wage inflation, we are seeing those two being fairly balanced and allowing us to keep our gross margin stable absent utilization moves.
Anthony Conte: It's very hard to say. I mean everything right now is completely speculative, so it's really hard to assess or predict what that impact would be on our business at this point. We are watching the topic. We have seen a number of the proposals and all I can say is, at this stage, it's much too early to really assess what that impact would be.
Darrin Peller: Thanks guys. Just a question first on the organic assumption versus inorganic in 2017. And I guess bigger picture question around the deal activity around tuck-ins specifically around digital capabilities you've always done. It's been a little slow on that front, so if you can touch on that high level what you're looking for and the things in the pipeline on that front as well? And then just a follow-up question as well please.
Darrin Peller: All right. And then, I appreciate that. And just a quick follow-up, on the topic of immigration reform, which obviously has been coming up a lot lately, you guys have touched on it being not as material for you or more manageable given the size of your numbers of H-1Bs. Again, can you just refresh us on where you stand on that? If let's say, hypothetically, the wage amount were to go up dramatically? Or any way, any other changes you could think of that's worth mentioning now would be helpful.
Darrin Peller: Okay. So I guess you could always manage that. In other words, whether it's through mixed shift, if you need to or other changes if need to be.
