Arkadiy Dobkin: You probably remember that each time we answering this question our reply is pretty consistent. It's never was easy and it's not easy too right now and probably would be even more challenging in the future. So, and with each kind of stage in our development and growth, we are finding it very hard to train people, hard to attract people and we put in a lot of efforts to make sure that there is enough opportunities inside of EPAM for people to realize and stay here.  So we just mentioned, for example, Software Engineering Conference and there a couple of components on talent. And so on the engineering side and on creative side, and how to make sure that this type of people can work together, which is create relatively unique environment for them to stay.  Basically, on the engineering side, we are doing this for very, very long time. So, and we put in more efficient program how to train people, at the same time how to explain why EPAM is different and why opportunities is different here. But again, it is very challenging and it's just generally industry a huge challenge.  And on the more creative digital part of – which is part of people we have to retain and attract, it's also a little bit changing from geographical point of view. It's more in client-facing locations. While it's still pretty significant and very competitive in our development centers as well. So, there is no simple answer, but we invest in heavily in recruitment, in training, in opportunity building across our projects, so.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think you are touching on very right points and this is definitely challenged, but again, the challenge for everybody when – and we are getting this for a long time. As you can see, during the last six quarters, we have some volatility in recruitment because of utilization and different type of impacts. But for example, in Q3, we had the largest number of new employees join the company through different sources. So, I think we don't have simple answer, but we know how to kind of address the challenge.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again, I think you expect our usual answer here too. So we have a pipeline, we have deals in discussions right now. I don't think we can comment on specifics. But in general, we are always looking how to improve our client-facing capabilities and how to extend specific capabilities from industry expertise to digital to engineering takes long time. So, again, I don't think we would comment on specifics until it's happened.
Arkadiy Dobkin: No, it was split o – like equally spread across geographies and there is no any specific client which was driving us. So this is, again, a reflection of diversification of our client base, as well that you talked about.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, Anil, we would like to be consistent. So, all we can say is that we believe that we can continue growing over 20% organically. So, and – that's how we are trying to design the future from clients to delivery capabilities.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, we – I think we said this during the Investor Day as well as that we are really focusing on developing number of accelerators for our solutions. We are still are not going to – not planning to go with product strategy – for the product strategy, but solution accelerators around specifics including what you mentioned, because it's becoming really interesting drivers for new clients and it’s becoming very important part for them to compete.  And solution - kind of solution accelerators around engineering productivity and we are also focusing right now on some specific solutions around talent management, talent growth, because that's what we can apply to ourselves.  In regards to all this - how we see artificial intelligence and automation, we partner with some of our clients as and with market leaders. But again, considering how to put accelerators on top of this to be faster.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And Ashwin, like in this category and this is typical, most of the products not necessarily mature today because it’s all experimentation which is giving us additional advantage and that's why we need these accelerators, because very often we need to cover for the lack in functionality or stability of this type of product and that's exactly where we think our competitive advantage is.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, we are getting new logos and we have the team, which is focusing exclusively on hunting. At the same time, our growth completely impossible result very good farming and this is what, historically, is the main driver of our growth and it’s still probably the most important part.  So, we mentioned that we have like, right now 200 clients with $2 million plus revenue, which is great huge opportunity for continue this lend and extend approach. For both business developments in both the segments, I think consultative approach is becoming much more important and we talked about our ambitions to build relatively efficient consulting communication.  So, and pairing with our competency centers kind of to grow and do this in very good orchestration. So, I think, that's kind of like very high-level review is possibly on this call.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Ashwin, and then even here, I would call it on top of what Jason mentioned, our counting still a lot referral which we were out of this because that's reputational type of extension to new logos and that's what we would like to make sure that we kind of keeping out, because I think our delivery reputation should be main driver for new sales referral.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think the update on UBS is pretty straightforward. It's stabilized. It's a little bit growing, but in general, it's not impacting so much that overall. It should be closer to over 10% for several quarters and thereof. So in general, demand coming from traditional sectors, it's still coming and you see it we provided numbers outside of UBS impact from Financial Services and from retail from media. So, practically pretty equally distributed across segments.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It is pretty balanced and don't try to retool too deeply in this situation. Just remember that we have at some point very low utilization last year just twelve months ago and then we have to utilize people who slow down and hiring can for several quarters where utilizing the people very well at the branch and now we are just getting back to normal talent acquisition processes and clearly, the biggest size on it where twelve months ago and this is just natural reflections.
Arkadiy Dobkin: You see, with all respect to elections, I think the last year, the main impact was still from UBS for us and results size and with our kind of market penetration. I think, if you take UBS out, and now we see that it was pretty specific situation to this specific client. I think it's pretty consistent.  The demand for this – again overused, but there is reason why term like digital transformation is very strong and it's driving a lot of new client engagements today. And with relation to this, a lot of vacant rebuild and modernization activities. So I don't see big difference with exceptions that Q3 last year was really impactful but one specific client.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It's very difficult to comment on the price comparisons, because that's usually not a open information. So everybody trying to build these digital capabilities and you see the number of acquisitions with global service providers and companies like Accenture doing on more and more regular basis.  So, at the same time, I think markets still growing faster than capabilities and there is a big demand and I don't think it's very visible that something changing on the market. I mean, there are good opportunities. The main challenge is still to have right capabilities and right balance of these capabilities for this type of deals.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Vladimir, first of all, UBS was the first pick up happened exactly one year ago. So before that, it was pretty strongly growing account for us. So, but all we can comment that it's much more stable. We can predict better like this level of stability because, if you remember, our comments before, we were always saying, like let's take a look at the next quarter. So – and I would kind of end with type of comment right now.  So, general stability - you are asking about general stability of financial industry, again, for us it’s stable, for us it's growing, and again UBS was an exception. Like Financial Services with the exception of UBS grew 27% and that was practically through during the last periods as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And you see, for us, it's very difficult to kind of single out one vertical against another, because that’s what we are trying to explain majority of our services are in new developments. We don't have a lot of legacy support and maintenance activities. And practically, all sectors on which we focus in is high growth sectors for us for the type of engagements and Life Science is a good example of this as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you. We are clearly pleased with our results in Q3 and kind of excited about how went through year shaping our path right now, so. And looking forward to update you in three months what really would happen. See you here in three months. Thank you very much.
Jason Peterson: Well, I guess when we look at the growth, I think we are quite pleased with the fact that we are generating growth from I guess, both pieces of that equation. So we are seeing growth in our Top-20 customers once we've got through the long-established relationships with growing at 15% a year in Q3. And actually if you net out UBS, it would be over 20%.  And then, in our other than Top-20, I believe the growth rate is actually 37%. So what you're seeing is continued growth in customers that we have longstanding relationships with and then you are seeing quite robust growth from customers that we are adding in growth with those newer customers.
Jason Peterson: And as you know, we are certainly seeing an acceleration in the revenues that we are generating from our new customers. And so, as Ark indicated, we continue to see quite a bit of revenue growth from farming, but the hunting is increasingly generating growth as well.
Jason Peterson: Yes, and so If you look at the GAAP tax rate, that clearly is in there. If you look at the non-GAAP tax rate, obviously, that's not part of that. And so, I would say that in terms of the – somewhat of the decline we've seen in the tax rate that that is a little bit due to the greater revenue profits that we are producing in the offshore centers as we’ve sort of driven the headcount increase that Arkadiy talked about and the higher utilization.  And so, I think in the second half of this year, you've seen a somewhat greater percentage of our revenue profits come from those locations where the tax rates are generally lower. I do think next year, what you'll see is, maybe a little bit of our return back as we pursue our strategy of greater sort of client-basing resources and delivery teams.
Jason Peterson: Yes, so I'd say it had a couple of factors when I think about the growth. So you've got one is obviously the growth in the headcount and so we had a very robust addition of headcount in Q3, which included both talent acquisition, so talent from outside the market. And then also our resource development capability, which is to take younger recent university graduates and sort of train and develop them and to bring them into our development organizations, as well. So you've got the two pieces of - let's call that headcount or resource addition.  The other piece is that you have is the utilization improvement and the combination of those two have had helped drive - have helped drive revenue growth. But, as I think we’ve discussed we have a very strong demand across all of our geographies across our pretty much all of our industry verticals and then both from new and existing customers and we feel that we've very much got a series of engines in place to continue to add the headcount that we need to grow revenue in 2018.
Jason Peterson: I mean, there were some challenges last year that were specific to a single customer, maybe pretty much a single customer. This year, I think we would see a more traditional pattern and historically, what we’ve seen is an improvement in utilization as we go from Q3 to Q4.  And so again, that's a historic pattern that you see as you come out of the summer quarter, which has higher vacations and as a result, lower utilization. And so higher utilization, historically, would produce both higher revenue and higher profitability.
Jason Peterson: Yes, and so I think what we continue to see is sort of stable pricing and as I think we've talked about in the past, we do have – to have customers where we are getting annual price increases. But again, the pricing environment is stable.  Back to the question around the wage inflation as Ark said, it's a competitive market, but there is a number of levers to maintain gross margin that includes utilization, that includes pyramid, and so yes, I think we are generally comfortable.
Jason Peterson: I think we're seeing a slight increase in wage inflation to be fair, but at the same time, what I am trying to communicate early is we do have the ability to sort of mitigate that through adjustments and pyramid to made adjustments and where and how we deliver.
Jason Peterson: Yes, it's sort of consistent with what we talked about in the past. If you are looking to sort of updated model, yes, we’d keep the assumptions the same as what we've communicated in prior quarters.
Jason Peterson: Yes, I don't think we're ready to guide yet on where we are going to be in the 16% to 18% range over the coming year. I think we need a little bit more time here to think about that here in Q4. From your question on SG&A is that we are making investments in our consulting capability to advance our ability to sort of deliver and to work and deliver solutions to our customers. But it's not going to show up as a significant SG&A spend.  And then, the other thing is that the portion of those resources will be billable. And so, if you go to the P&L, say they'll show up in core and they'll generate revenues that will offset their costs. And so I don't think you should expect a material increase in SG&A coming from some of those shifts.
Jason Peterson: Just so, I just might add that when you look at our growth in certain segments where obviously there is a high digital component, we grew 42% year-over-year. So, I think that speaks to the strength of our capabilities and the work that we are doing for our customers.
Jason Peterson: So, yes, so in the near term, I am not sure that we see a divergent between volume and price. I think longer term, we've talked about the fact that we will likely see more of our work come out of our customer-facing geographies and so over the mid-term to longer-term what you could see is, a divergent between volume and price, just because the on-site or customer-facing geographies would have higher rates than the offshore geographies.  So, I guess, the only other you are not… okay. Just as a reminder, we are a T&M business, 90% over - slightly over 90% of our revenues come from T&M. And so you don't see significant changes based on things that could be happening with a large fixed engagement. Again, we are substantially sort of a T&M.
Jason Peterson: Yes, we are over $500 million in cash. We had very strong cash production in Q3 as you are aware. 75% of that cash is offshore. And so, what we feel this time is, the cash we have in place very much is there to support our acquisition strategy and our inter-growth strategy.  We do have discussions around what we might do longer-term, but I wouldn't comment on that at this time and instead, we just continue to focus on, I guess, the question that was asked by at Oracle while back, which is about our acquisition strategy and we continue to be active.
Jason Peterson: Yes, I mean we are certainly seeing that. Clearly, an ongoing growth in our existing customers as I think we talked about sort of 15% excluding UBS for our Top-20 customers and over 20%, if you exclude UBS. I think probably it's still a combination of things, which probably is more headcount growth and utilization, okay, as well as obviously, expanded revenue across the host of clients including our new customers.
