Moshe Katri: Ilya and Arkadiy, can you talk a bit about your pipeline, especially a look at your visibility for the next 6 to 12 months. Maybe in the context -- in this context, you can talk about new client wins for the quarter, the number of new client wins, which verticals and then which regions.
Moshe Katri: Right. Just 2 small ones here. Just to supplement the spreadsheet that you have on your website, I didn't see the numbers for top 1 client for the quarter. There -- you have top 5 and top 10. And then maybe kind of talk a bit about the FX losses that you had during the quarter.
Moshe Katri: Just I have a follow-up on the 2 acquisitions that you've done last year, Empathy Lab, Thoughtcorp. Maybe you can give us an update on maybe the integration. Maybe you can give us an update on some of the benefits that you've been able to get through your pipeline from those acquisitions. Obviously, Empathy focuses more on digital media and entertainment. Have you seen anything -- obviously, this is kind of the hot area right now in terms of demand. Maybe you can talk about that. And Thoughtcorp is based out of Canada. Maybe you can talk about that, too, in terms of your ability to kind of penetrate that market.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think our visibility very similar to what we saw in the past. So we usually can project for the next 12 months around 80% of our revenue. So it's very similar right now for the next quarter. Again, we -- we're talking about like we provided guidance already. So this was a number. It was the number. So during the last quarter, we probably brought around 12, 15 new clients, some of them potentially big, some of them more kind of on discretionary side. We don't exactly how it would be developed yet, but it's -- again, it's very, very usual. I don't think we see any differences as we were like communicating in the previous calls in comparison with the previous periods. In regards to locations or geographies, it's also distributed pretty normally for us, basically proportionally to our main focus verticals. I would say that we have also interesting opportunities still with clients which we working -- opportunities which we're working together with our recently acquired companies. Not necessary for existing clients but exactly on the synergies between what these companies were doing before and what we're doing together right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, we increased sales capacity, and we mentioned during today -- talk already that we invested in this area. So at the same time, on the big picture, the proportion of contribution of new deal, probably very, very similar to what we said in the past. In absolute numbers, it's clearly growing approximately 30% in comparison. So -- and it require new number of people. So I mentioned also that the sales force which we inherited through some acquisitions is actually working pretty productively. In some cases, it's a very solution-oriented sales force, which is opening for us doors for new big accounts and we are leveraging our global delivery capability to expand there. It's not necessarily related to bringing like very large deals right away. On another side, we have examples like this. We mentioned that -- already that we have one of the accounts which we started 12 months ago come in to be one of the top 10 accounts this year. So I think it's improving, and it's improving with our expectations. But there is not yet any dramatical changes, and we're not expecting such.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, this is like there is a number of people who have quarterly targets. And on average, they're doing well. So I don't know on what level of details you'd like us to comment right now, so -- but...
Arkadiy Dobkin: You -- Ashwin, you can see this through some kind of indirect numbers when the proportion of the top 5 and 10 clients is decreasing, which means that we're bringing more revenue on the bottom line, which is potentially growing. But as we always say, again we have a big number of accounts in $5 million range, which is still growing. So it's very difficult to kind of draw the line what's coming from -- what contributed significantly from new accounts or existing accounts right now. And to be actually focusing on growing existing accounts very, very seriously as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we're clearly looking at this from strategic perspective, but we are not declining when opportunistically something that's interesting come in. That's all I could say. And there -- we are always open for new opportunities there, and we're constantly working on this. But that's a -- I don't think we can comment anything more than that right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: You ask how we compare versus our competitors. Here, I have difficulties to comment because I don't know exactly statistics, how it's working for competitors.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay, that's easier to answer. I think it's very consistent for us for the last couple of years depending on specific vertical and geography. We've seen different type of competitors, but it's very consistent for -- again for the last couple of years.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I don't think we're looking at this as a percentage of the revenue. So we're more looking at this as what actually should be done to make sure that we can grow in the future. So -- and it's a little bit like try and see, and that's what -- probably will be continuous for us. I don't think we would be looking from just percentage basis investment type.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So like investment, for example, in sales organization and marketing or internal sales to assets, so we're doing investment during the last periods and we're doing this right now, some of them starting to bring some returns, some we still need to see. So I cannot like really predict what would be happening exactly during the next 12 months. We're analyzing different areas and changing kind of direction a little bit or keeping it. So very difficult, very difficult to speculate on this topic.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think, David, there is like also -- just from understanding of my Internet and support in changing environment, when there is like very difficult questions how cloud, for example, or any new technology trends actually changes the landscape. And what we're seeing with our clients, which is, we do believe, more kind of technology driven, that maintenance and support type of service is changing as well. It's not like regular legacy maintenance and support, it's a maintenance and support of very kind of live systems where deployments could be happening like in daily times or even more often for online marketing or e-commerce systems. And in this case, it's in reality, maintenance and support means something very different from what traditionally were considered. And it's very difficult to separate as well because it's practically nonstop life cycle of development and support of the systems. So we're looking at this differently, and it's even statistically very difficult to separate what's the development of new features and new releases. Again if you're talking about the systems like online booking for travel industry, for example, or it's a traditional maintenance and support. From this point of view, yes, it's a small percentage, but it's mostly probably related to more traditional part. And for this new type of systems, it's very difficult to separate. So it's a little bit a gray area.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think you can look at this a little bit differently because if you look at most of our competitors, financial services would be a very big proportion of their business, sometimes 40%, 50% or even 60%, 70%. And this is a very big number of companies in our competitive landscape. EPAM, based on the history and how it was developed, we started, as we mentioned many times, from strictly software engineering for technology companies. So we're kind of catching up in this area and growing this proportionally to the size of the total market because clearly, financial services still is the #1 champion in global services. So that's why it's growing faster. We become bigger in financial services, recognizing their need for more technology-driven lenders. And we're getting our share. So that's probably the reason why it's growing faster than anything else. And I think we still have some room to grow there.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We have already good growth in several existing large clients, but we added a number of very interesting new clients to the list as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So the first -- on the first question, it's an easy answer. So it's both. We're hiring people with very strong industry expertise who have experience to manage a very large account and grow very large accounts and work -- have experience in the industry like 5, 10 years. On another side, we bring in some people who have specific expert knowledge in our focused areas. So it's really both.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, that's an interesting question. It's clearly a challenge for anybody. At the same time, we have a history of kind of doing pretty well there because if you look at the history of our acquisitions, most of the people which came to us have been with the company for a very long time and becoming part of our management team. So when -- the last 2 acquisitions, you're also correct, were a little bit different. It was mostly done with staff in North America. And from another point of view, I think it creates really good opportunities for the employees of these companies to work in global, big companies and kind of integrate and start to work with global delivery. I think it's a mature way to give people much bigger opportunities. So far, we didn't see any real problems in this area.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, we mentioned some stuff in our first talk today. And in regards to Canada, we talked about it several times. I think we see confirmation of our regional kind of expectations about synergies between strong on-site presence in the market and our global delivery capabilities. And what's happening exactly confirming all those expectations. We have pretty visible growth in Canadian market today. We have a couple of clients, which one of them already top 10. And we're hoping that during the next 12 months, maybe another one will become pretty large as well. So it's, again, developing based on our expectation pretty much. Also on Empathy Lab's side, we've done this specifically to improve our capabilities in media entertainment and retail space, where you have seen that our technical skills and our ability to deliver complex applications like in some solution expertise and solution leadership to kind of get engaged in big deals from the very beginning. What we've seen after practically only 6 months of working together is that it's not only allows to open new doors and offer much broader total solution to the clients, it's also bringing a lot of benefits to the existing clients where we come in and offer services which they didn't expect it from us before, where we're starting to pull some competitors in the areas which they didn't expect us to play. And it's also this type of expertise which we bring and actually generating additional revenue around it for us. So if -- we're already seeing this confirmation. So we hope like in another 6 to 12 months it would become much, much more visible.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, so thank you, everyone, again for joining. We're happy with the quarter results, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Probably we'll be able to address your questions better and in more details likely. So some of them which we're trying to defer to the next periods. Thank you again very much.
Ilya Cantor: FX losses. We had some sort of regular translation remeasurement losses that we included in the P&L of about, I want to say, $160,000. The actual economic currency losses that impact margins were actually around $200,000 or $300,000 because we remain relatively naturally hedged. As far as impact on the top line year-over-year, FX impact was a negative $850,000 or so. Sequential was about negative $900,000 or so.
Ilya Cantor: So on the pricing, as we mentioned in the script, we see a relatively favorable pricing environment. And this is consistent with the last 2 or 3 years. We are able to leverage the skill set that we provide our clients and the sophistication of our solutions to warrant relatively good price increases. So that remains strong. As far as the wage inflation, the year is not yet done. We have typically one promotion cycle, one defined promotion cycle at the beginning of the year and one smaller cycle, midyear. Those are in line with our expectations so far. But again, the year is not over yet.
Ilya Cantor: I mean, so far, as you've seen, our year has stacked up pretty much in line, slightly above our expectations and what we guided to at the beginning of the year. So the targets are likewise relative to that cadence. There has been some good wins to where some things are a little bit higher than others, and it all kind of averages out to be relatively similar to how we perform against our guidance.
Ilya Cantor: And on your question about the difference of GAAP and non-GAAP and divergence, there was, in particular, a onetime charge in the stock comp line related to an acceleration of a restricted stock award that we gave as part of the -- one of the 2 acquisitions we made last year. We basically parted ways with one of the senior managers who got the stock award, and, by GAAP, we had to accelerate. And that was about $900,000 worth. In other words, our stock comp would then benefit from not having that piece amortized over the next 2 years. As you probably know, looking at reconciliations, other areas of difference between GAAP and non-GAAP net income is purchase accounting, foreign exchange and other onetime gains or losses. But that was the biggest thing contributing to the uptick in stock-based compensation.
