Anthony J. Conte: What we did for our forecast is we used the average rates over Jan and Feb and built that into it and assumed that stayed constant. So that is what we've used and any movements off of that average will impact our forecast.
Anthony J. Conte: It's hard to say. I mean, obviously, there's a lot of uncertainties with the currency potential. And given where things are going from a -- just a macroeconomic picture in the CIS region, so there's number of variables into that. So this is kind of our view as we sit here today.
Anthony J. Conte: Well, organic growth is -- it's an interesting picture because we're seeing drops in the CIS region, so it's hard to break that apart. Plus, the acquisitions have been fully integrated at this point so we're actually -- it's difficult to pull apart things like GGA and Jointech, which are now cross-selling between accounts and have become essentially business units within the EPAM infrastructure. Having said that, we're going to see organically a pretty significant drop in our Russia business, both due to the severe currency drop and the macroeconomic situation, which is pulling back from there. But North America and Europe are continuing to grow over 20% in first quarter and will be in the mid-20s for the full year organically. At least that's our view sitting here today.
Anthony J. Conte: The answer to the last question, yes. The operating margin range of 16% to 18% is still our goal for 2015, so we expect to stay in that range. And I'm sorry, Peter, I'm not sure I fully understood the first part of the question.
Anthony J. Conte: Yes. That, actually, does not get depreciated at all. So goodwill from an accounting perspective does not get depreciated throughout the year, it gets assessed on an annual basis for impairment. If there's no impairment, the balance stays, if there's an impairment, you take the write-down. So there's really no change to our depreciation because of that write-down. It's a onetime event, will not impact anything going forward. And as far as savings from currency, the short answer is most likely. If we have savings and benefits we will continue to use those to invest in the business and keep our operating margin in that 16% to 18% range.
Anthony J. Conte: Also, Peter, one correction. You'd mentioned organic growth in the high 20s. It was actually, organic growth was more around 25% in 2014.
Anthony J. Conte: Yes. It is a slight headwind on EPS or -- yes, on EPS depending on where share count ends up, obviously. But yes, it's a slight headwind still on EPS.
Anthony J. Conte: Yes. We had the same issue last year with the consensus. It kind of straight lines it a little bit more than our true trend. Q1 for us is a little bit of a squeezed quarter because revenue is typically flat-to-down, and we also put in place all our promotions and wage increases. So you end up with a little bit of a compression in Q1, that then, as customers really budget and revenue starts to grow throughout the year, you see the expansion again. So Q1's always a little bit of a squeeze. We had the same issue last year with consensus.
Anthony J. Conte: Right, yes. We have the orthodox holidays in Eastern Europe and that just brings revenue down, plus a lot of budget cycles are slow to pick up until Feb, March.
Anthony J. Conte: Sure. Headcount growth in '15 that we are assuming is going to be fairly in line with what we were looking at this past year, probably somewhere in the 20% range as far as growing organic headcount, could be a little bit lighter than that. And as far as bill rates, we're seeing a pretty consistent trend. We've always talked about 7%, 8% bill rates, it's coming in roughly around that same range. We're still, obviously, getting actuals in from our customers and seeing where things are going to fall in but that's what we're assuming at this point, is something that is with past years.
Anthony J. Conte: Yes. I mean, we finished out '14 at 77% so we expect utilization to remain right around that range, 77%, maybe 78%, but it's not going to get much higher than that.
Anthony J. Conte: Yes, just -- I'll give you some color on the fair value adjustment. What it basically is, is it's tied to the earnout that we had at GGA. So as we closed the year out, their earnout ended on December 31. And they did better than we initially anticipated earlier in the year, and that $1.9 million is meant to reflect the incremental earnout that we will be giving them based on their final performance.
Anthony J. Conte: No. I mean, it doesn't affect delivery. I mean, before we started construction, we would rent space throughout Minsk. And really, what it has meant is we've had to continue to rent various facilities throughout Minsk to house our folks and the delay means that we just have a delay in being able to benefit from having our own building and putting everybody in 1 place. But it doesn't really affect operations at all.
Anthony J. Conte: Yes. We have a target date of June to try and complete the building and move our folks in probably over the summer, if all goes according to plan.
Anthony J. Conte: Sure. So the only non-GAAP adjustments that we really, actually, forecast are going to be a little bit of FX, P&L FX which we have modeled at about $2.5 million right now, which is really a very rough estimate but we wanted to put something as a placeholder. And stock compensation is estimated to be around $31 million for the year.
Anthony J. Conte: Depreciation and amortization. Yes, I'm sorry, it's primarily related to some amortization that really just came to conclusion in the third quarter. So it was fully amortized in Q3 and we didn't have anything else ramping up at that point, so we saw a drop in overall amortization. Non-acquisition amortization dropped.
Anthony J. Conte: Yes. Ukraine, Ukraine's probably in the low 20s now, because as we have grown elsewhere they're representing a low 20s. And Russia, after acquisition with GGA, probably somewhere around mid-teens.
Anthony J. Conte: More because we've seen growth in other locations, but they've continued to grow as well so it's just become diversified a bit. I mean, I just wanted to double check that Ukraine number, but I'm pretty sure...
Anthony J. Conte: Let's see. Accounts, we usually did accounts over $100,000 worth of business and that would be 306 accounts over $100,000 compared to 263 last year.
Anthony J. Conte: Yes, we never really break it up that finite. But if you're talking about, from a revenue perspective, ruble dropped -- let me see what the number is here...
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it's very much in line with what we've said in during previous calls, like the top line revenue we're growing a lot by financial services but also -- but retail vertical. Plus we added life science and health care, and life science was performing well, too. So -- but probably, the better look would be not specific vertical but what type of work we do, and then that's again, back to our continuous message on mixing digital strategy and experienced design together with our engineering skills and building this new type of systems of engagement. We've won a number of programs during the 2014 which we couldn't even, like, consider that we will be doing, like, in 2012 or even 2013, based on new kind of integration of skills and that was actually driving additional work around these programs as well. I think that probably would be the shortest answer to your question.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we're clearly looking at the market situation, labor market situation and right now, we don't see a necessity to do this. And I don't think market reacting in this way to index it to the dollars. But again, we'll be looking at the situation and see what we have to do to be competitive on the labor market.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, we didn't run special programs to relocate people on purpose from Ukraine to like Eastern Europe to Central Eastern Europe or any other locations. But we have internally, what we call mobility program, when people who would like to be relocated apply. And probably, inside of this program it was slightly higher number of people than usual. But based on the, kind of, day-to-day situation it's pretty normal, again, in line with what we have communicated during the last quarters. So yes, there is -- there are concerns and we don't know what could happen. There are still, but again, operations right now as usual and there is some movement of people, but again, it's not like in dramatically high numbers than before.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So in general, we're expecting similar numbers historically. But clearly, wage inflation right now is a big factor of again, currency rates exchanges. So we are working on this and we -- like with the previous equations, we're looking what the trend's going to be. So at this point, we expect similar numbers like previous years.
Arkadiy Dobkin: You see, the market is so big and there are so many players that I don't think any specific 1 player will change the situation. And as we said before, in different segments of our markets, we compete with different players. So far we didn't see any significant changes, like maybe, the most interesting is still consolidation around like, Sapient become part of the agency right now together with the same [indiscernible] and that might be interesting impact on the some part of market we targeted -- targeting right now. So, but in general, I think we see very consistent [indiscernible] and competition.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. I think we -- and it's very difficult to see over the -- and see what kind of impact will be happening with the next year. We're looking still like -- as today, we're giving guidance for the next year and we're looking to the market, because we clearly would like to, first of all, create a value to the clients, that would give us this growth which we hope in a 20-plus percentage. And how specifically it would impact our margins in longer, longer term, we don't know. Because, like what we're doing right now is something unusual for us, we're bringing in very different capabilities and really trying to integrate them and harmonize it across the company, which sometimes putting us in an unexpected kind of ground. That's why I don't think I can give you any more data than we're sharing right now. I think we hope that with these new capabilities and this like -- you're absolutely right, 2014 was a very interesting year for us when we brought different capabilities. But some of them, still, like when we -- when, for example, Anthony mentioned fully integrated, they kind of fully -- at good extent, integrated from the approaching clients. From integration and putting the team together, which is harmonized teams working to one goal and working very effectively together is still a lot of work. And as you understand, like some of these acquisition were done in the second part of the year, it's still a lot of work to be invested. And we're learning -- we're practically learning on the job how to do it better. And from this point of view, it's not stopped so it will be continued this year, and we still have a number of gaps in capabilities which we're going to bridge through additional small acquisitions or potentially through via organic growth. So I know I'm kind of giving you fuzzy answer but that's how we operate in many respects, because market is moving so fast that we trying to catch it up and be in line with demands, and the demand's changing.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So it's still going to grow with, again, with the change in type of services which we provide and we still -- we're still going to grow. Right now, we kind of trying to understand exactly what areas it would be and also because potentially, we will be sealing the gaps with some small M&A transactions, which again might happen, might not. We probably will look in during the next couple of years to increase it by another 2%, 3%.
Arkadiy Dobkin: First of all, we didn't say that we shifting from Ukraine to Poland and Hungary. We're still growing in Ukraine. That's why I'm not sure that I -- we didn't say that we're doing anything specific to shift people from Ukraine.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. We're growing, like, Hungarian market grows practically like we grew during the last couple of years. Poland growing faster, but it's much, much smaller -- smaller base.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, clearly, we are taking this in account when we model in because we have different growth perspective for different countries and we have model based on this, so it's counted in the model based on what we see today. Again, if you look -- but it's practically adjusted on quarterly, if not even monthly, basis based on the necessity for staffing for specific opportunities, specific engagement and also some external factors. Because, while I'm saying that Ukraine's still growing, clearly, like 12 months ago, we were thinking that Ukraine would be growing faster than it's happened during the 2014. So it's very much adjustable but right now, it's based on the current plans for the year.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, there's still -- I've also shared in the past, we're still hiring and -- hiring people for our business development function. Again, that's not a function where we have -- where we're planning to have hundreds of people, so it's still couple dozens people across locations. So -- but we had in and kind of optimizing this operation all the time. So we probably still double this number during the last year and also, don't forget that we inherited some number of people with the small -- with acquisitions, which becoming part of EPAM. So I think the total number was doubled but again, it's all couple of dozens, not hundreds. So from the pipeline point of view, it's gradually changing the type of projects, like, if -- in 2013, it was few of the kind of projects, where we were leading from consultant or digital strategy and in 2014, these number of projects increased, and we see a lot of things where we kind of leading the new commerce or complex web content engagements, which actually drive in additional mobile engagement or analytics engagement and have too many services engagements in those areas. So I think the proportion of this type of deal is increasing, probably in line with increased capabilities to do it and better integration between this new type of skills and traditional engineering skills you have.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So there are some of them, which looks smaller initially but, again, trigger in, trigger in more opportunities and more engagement like on the tail of this. So -- and some of them, pretty light. So we have couple very light engagement in this area last year and we see in the number of opportunities right now already.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We can come back on this. But I would say the CIS region probably, didn't grow even in constant currency. Because CIS region was clearly hit by 2 factors, currency itself, but actually, the economic situation in the region, not great.
Arkadiy Dobkin: That's why we were pointing out that North America and Eastern Europe -- in European Union region, we're growing in pretty high numbers because Russia and -- or CIS was impacting us on both fronts.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again, thank you very much for joining us today, and we're really glad that we went through this difficult year with results, which we shared, and talk to you in 3 months. Thank you very much.
