Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you. It's Arkadiy. So, as usual, at this time of the year, clearly some conversation rate has started, but I think it would be too early to disclose any specifics. So I know that this sounds kind of boring, but all I can say is that we don't see much change at least in our situation from the previous years. We see approximately similar levels of visibility, we saw like year ago at the same time. So no kind of very good surprises, no any great news as well. So we probably will be able to answer this question much better during the next call.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, a little bit back to your previous questions what type of opportunities. We do see a lot of interest in this. We're still all seeing new technologies for the last couple of years, but it's still relatively new, like, mobile, compass [ph], e-Commerce and portal applications, so analytics, big data implementation from scalability point of view, so cloud deployment. It's all becoming much and much more visible for us. And we invest in a lot of in this area to provide to the clients what they're looking for. So this engagement increasing proportionally in our case. So from the -- again, statistically, it would be very difficult for me to kind of quantify any specific win rates, but I -- we do see a lot of situations where we need to combine our capabilities in U.S. [ph] in digital strategies with our portal skills and mobile extensions to win new type of deals in comparison with just a couple of years ago. And we compete in these deals with very large competitors, top companies in the world and we're seeing some good rate of winning for ourselves. Again, I cannot quantify this specifically.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So recruitment is not easy stuff, easy process for ourselves, because competition is growing. And again, it sounds kind of I'm repeating myself, but we mentioned this all problem on all our previous calls. Competition for good talent is very, very tough all around the world starting from San Francisco going to New York, switching to Europe, Western Europe and Eastern Europe. So it is one of the biggest challenges for any technology company. And as we understand like [indiscernible] doesn't help here. So our attrition rates are pretty much in line with our historical numbers. For the whole year, right now, it's approaching a rate approximately a little bit lower than 12%. And wage inflation probably is the same area. And that's exactly what was historically in our numbers, and that's what we are approximately expect in the future.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It's a very, very, very slight difference, and also during the last multiple quarter, we're talking that we need to improve our client-facing capabilities. And with the type of projects which we see, and which we mentioned before, we need different ratio of onshore, offshore. And specifically, people with strong business understanding and strong account management functions, which were like in the past -- and again, we were talking about it openly over the last couple of years. So basically that's why some number of unbillable people were increasing a little bit faster. So if it will continued during the next quarters, probably very -- it would be very similar to what we're seeing today. So when you'll find exactly balance necessary for success, we kind of -- we will define it based on experience and see the output of our work.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So as we mentioned, this is what we've seen from clients' conversations and opportunities. And also, as we stated, majority today of the cloud work relates to our engineering skills to build applications capable to work in cloud with all possible requirements. So there is no very strong numbers right now to -- again, to illustrate it because in development and engineering portion of this, it's very difficult to separate what's exactly going to cloud-specific work or not. But if you look at the applications as a whole, it's a different architecture usually. And if you think about the 24% of our current from IT and technology, majority of the work is done there now engineered in very different way. Again -- and that it was our main point. At the same time, there is movement to the cloud. And in our case, mostly we're helping clients with establishing production kind of environment for cloud development, in private cloud for engineering process, for continuous integration and continuous development. That's what we build for the whole company internally, and that's we actually explaining to a number of clients how to get benefits from this. And we've seen some increase in deluxe services as well, which provided completely different level of flexibility and kind of flexibility to the clients. So if you're asking me for specific numbers, no, I cannot give you any specific split.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I didn't say that -- I am saying that we've seen very similar indication as in previous years. So I don't see that indication is more positive this year than it was last year or even 1 year ago. Clearly, it's much more positive than it was in 2009.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. As we mentioned today already that one of the focuses -- and we have pretty good progress in our Banking & Financial Services, where we brought to the company multiple very senior managers from the industry. And we've seen how it's changing our capability to offer different type of services and deliver kind of -- and lead some of new type of engagements. Similarly, what's happening right now in Travel and Hospitality business units, we're looking for people. We've hired some, but it's not enough. And the same happening in Business Information & Media. Also, we're starting to create special group, kind of strategic groups for business development activities, and we're very seriously improving our leadership in Technology in our CTO [ph] office and capabilities there around multiple competencies, which we consider very strategic for us. So again, let's -- coming back to the ratio of unbillable people. So we bring in some people, which focusing how to accumulate knowledge, how to distribute knowledge, how to manage clients better. So it's a very key effort for us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think you also try to address it in -- during kind of our conversation order. So we are not trying to model this, now it's 30% complete or 40% complete. So this is kind of step by step and verification process. When we do one step, we're seeing what the impact of this. Because if impact is very good, maybe it's never going to be finished. So it's a multiple kind of cycles, small cycles, where we see what would be the next one.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay, sure. I was hoping that we will give chance to Anthony to talk today on more financial stuff and kind of would be good to welcome to him. But it seems like I have to continue for now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. So, first of all, our strategy kind of in resource development always was very balance between hiring from the market experienced people and actually training people coming from the newer cities. So -- and we have pretty scalable infrastructure for training facilities. During the 2012, we put a lot of efforts to actually build up bench. And, for example, our utilization in Q4 last year, Q1 this year, were probably the lowest. And kind of clearly the bench were the largest bench during the last 3 years. So with this buildup, we've been able to kind of work in this year's result necessity to hire too many people. So we utilized bench. We kind of optimized it. And again, even today, our billable utilization around 75% for the year, which means that we have good capacity in our bench to grow. That's why hiring numbers kind of lower than our revenue growth, and it should be lower because there are some other attributes to this threshold, beside just utilization. As we were mentioning before, one of our goals were to increase onshore presence. And now our onshore presence, for example, is around 2.5% higher than last year. Also, there are annual growth in billing rates, and it's usually between, like, 6% and 8%. So when you calculate all this, this would explain what's happening. So from the future point of view, we continue to do exactly what we were doing in the past. We kind of accelerating training facilities. We, during this year, invested a lot in buildup very strong recruitment machine. So we brought, also, like we -- some expert from outside of the company who know how to build up recruitment with 1,000 people per year. So we feel that we have all components available for us to continue growing next year.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It would be probably very similar to what's happening right now. For example, during the last year, we increased between 2% and 2.5% ratio between onshore and offshore. Probably during the next year, it will be similar growth, and we will come very close to 10%, which we're talking about. And it probably would -- now it's very, Ashwin, as you know, it's very difficult to quantify this in advance because, like, we don't have thousands of people on site, all right, so -- and basically, even a couple hundreds make a big impact on the ratios. And a couple hundreds with our size, it's not also a big umber to consider unreasonable, for example, in 6 months we will realize that for some clients, we will have to kind of expedite offsite presence and bring a couple hundreds more than we're anticipating today. So that's why it's, again, difficult to quantify. But at this point, we think that it will be similar to this year. The thing is we will have to hire more people because we will utilize the bench, which we built up in 2012, even in 2013. Next year, we will have to build up some bench again.
Arkadiy Dobkin: But even with all this, you understand that we have pretty good bench size currently, also. It's 75% utilization.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Listen, you will find out as soon as everybody else will find out, right? Again boring, traditional answer here. So we're looking all the time. We have opportunities. We're hoping that during the next quarters, we will close some. But if it happens and when it happens, I cannot comment.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So proper -- we start -- again, we're hiring all the time. We're not like really working in cycles. Even with what I mentioned before that we build up pretty sizable bench at the beginning of last year. And utilizing this, we still kind of wishing this all the time. Usually, when you find a person and give them the offer, it's kind of pretty global. So it could take like 1 month or so for a person to see the job. But again, we're not targeting just people from the market. We're investing a lot of special training center. I don't remember when we talked about it. We have program where people, even after coming to EPAM still -- more junior people, still on training from 3 to 6 months. So this is a lag, which we understand we have to kind of keep in mind when we're scaling up. So probably between these 2 parameters, bringing people from the market is probably months or 45 days. And when we bringing people from the university -- so even if already becoming our employees, it's still 3 to 6 months for internal training before they can go to production. So we're planning this in advance.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So all I could give you, again, some pretty fuzzy answer. So we designed our kind of future around 16%, 18%, as I mentioned. So is this specific number already reflect the investments which we did? This is where I would be cautious because this is again, experiment in process where we kind of relate what's right and what's wrong. So probably it would be too early to tell right now that this is already reflects. So most likely 4 quarters from now when we see consistency with this and we really would be able to kind of draw the connection between our actions and performance, we will be answering you more precisely. But I don't want to speculate that our investment will already show up. So -- but we do believe that we're investing in the right direction, and it will show up. Hopefully, sooner than later.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think we talked about this in the past, and it is an interesting thing and actually pretty complex answer to this question because like everything in our business, when you're saying application development or testing or maintenance and support, it has pretty broad meanings, and there are many variations of this. So general term, like maintenance and support, in our services industry usually means pretty sizable engagement for production activities around managing large legacy installed base. And this is, again, traditional understanding of this maintenance and support. And in this traditional sense, EPAM never had any sizable business. And even from this 8-plus percent we have today, it's probably just half of this would be qualified as a regular maintenance and support. Why it's happening because, yes, we were working mostly on new technology starts. We don't have, for example, any mainframe capabilities today. So -- and in this new technology start, maintenance and support is very different activity. Like if you think about -- and we also talked about SaaS model. If you think about the SaaS model, so the number of releases of the software is not like 1 per 6 months or even 1 per 3 months, it could be weekly or daily, multiple daily releases. So the line between maintenance and support and actually development of new features is very, very tight. So basically the team, which working on application is a combination of different set skills. So that's why it's very difficult to draw the line. And even inside of our 8%, 9%, which we stated, there is a big portion of this type of new maintenance and support work. And when we're saying that we don't see this, for example, deployment to the cloud would affect us, it exactly means that we're not losing the revenue in legacy production maintenance and support as many of our very large competitors probably will. And when clients move into this new model, they're actually looking for the company which have skills to make this support activities, kind of, a new environment. And we are very well positioned to do it, because that's what exactly we are already doing for long time for IT vendors and technology vendors. And even our corporate vendors, which is in reality, as we mentioned many times, in many senses, today technology companies, so even kind of not traditional software companies. So that's why we don't see that it's going to affect us. It's all actually an advantage.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, Moshe, I actually don't remember that we were kind of more concerned about Ukraine versus other regions. I think we -- or I would say, I'm personally concerned about all the regions. And again, we're working towards how to mitigate it. And -- but it's the same concern, which we had previously. And this is like all this competition for talent is very tough all over the place, because the same problems in -- on the West Coast and in New York and in London. So I cannot distinguish this right now. So I don't think any significant differences between Belarus, Ukraine or even Russia right now. On attrition front, there are some slight differences between regions, but it's becoming more and more kind of balanced for year-after-year with the kind of we were growing much, much faster in Ukraine, and we started much, much later than in Belarus. So basically it was different now in Ukraine in size, practically coming to the level of Belarus. So it will come -- during the next 12 to 18 months, all these parameters becoming kind of more comparable as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. We -- it was probably one of the first questions, and we have our traditional answer and not because we'd like to give a traditional answer because that actually reflect the reality. So we don't see any differences in comparison with last year. Again with our size, as I mentioned before, $0.5 billion company, we don't see kind of different behavior from the clients than we were seeing during the last couple years. And I would say that all 3 verticals like Financial Services, Business Information & Media and Travel and Hospitality, we expect good level of growth there because that's -- again, that's the industries which we have to utilize new applications to be competitive in the market all the time. And we see pretty good interest from their side for our services. So I cannot even like distinguish some of them. So one quarter could be better. Financial Services still traditionally more stable, but we do believe that others will catch up as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. We -- again, it was probably a key topic for us during the old calls, previous calls. So we do invest in account management and business development operation, which was underinvested in the past. We invest in building very strong competencies inside of EPAM, and this requires dedicated people who's not billable, otherwise you cannot develop this. We invest in developing internal applications to optimize operation and management. We're replacing some systems which we built over the last 10, 15 years. And this is significant install base for us, and we do believe that it would actually bring additional differentiation who install the service. So there are multiple items, and that's what we mean by investment. And this is again, as we mentioned, continuous process. So when we will have upside from this, that was the question earlier today as well. We cannot give answer to you right now exactly. So we hope it will, and maybe kind of adjusting our actions based on what we see. So -- but this investment definitely was increased in comparison with last year and previous years as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So are you asking if we're thinking that it -- we will be growing in the future with the same 20%, 25% growth? Or like what can you...
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again, as Anthony answered, we strategically would like to keep this to be a sizable part of our business between 20%, 25% of total revenue, which means that it should grow approximately with the same rate which we grow it. So -- and again, quarter-on-quarter, it clearly could vary, and that's very difficult to control. But long term, that's what we're quoting to support. At the same time, I do believe that -- you see, it's also very loaded question, because if you like to understand like detail what is ISVs & Technology and what is, for example, business with company like Expedia, which is travel, online travel. Is Expedia technology, client or not? We actually have these type of clients all over -- over all our verticals right now. So -- and ISV is more preferred to software companies, but it's also includes guys like Google and Zinnov. So -- but a simple answer, yes, we're planning to grow the same rate.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. We'd like to thank everyone. And I also would like to use this opportunity to, one more time, thank Ilya, who is with us on this call kind of the last time for all his contribution during the last 7 years to the company to helping us to come here, and helping a lot through our IPO process and almost the 2 years after this. So I just would like to pass to him for a couple of words. Thank you very much.
Anthony J. Conte: I can talk, yes, thank you. Thank you for that question, that gives me an opportunity to speak. As far as budget flush, as you know, the budget flush last year came very late in the fourth quarter. At this point, we are seeing some slight indications of budget flush, but really nothing material or significant. So we are not anticipating a recurrence of the flush that we saw last year. I mean, you remember last year was $10 million of flush that came very late in the fourth quarter. We're not seeing indications of that level or anything even close to that this year.
Anthony J. Conte: Moshe, at this point, we don't see any changes coming from any location as far as tax policy, and we pretty much expect a consistent tax environment going forward. So the answer is no, there's no change.
Anthony J. Conte: As far as excess cash, I mean, we most likely will be using that cash to continue to reinvest into the business. We're constantly looking -- as we grow in the regions and add people, we constantly have a need for new facilities, so we're constantly looking at need for facilities. We're constantly looking at M&A. So a lot of those cash funds will be used in the M&A cycle, and that is our main intention, is really to continue to invest in facilities and M&A with that cash.
Anthony J. Conte: Yes, I assume you're referring to the decline versus last year. And that is -- again, as we've kind of mentioned before, we're continually reinvesting into the business. And we are targeting the 16% to 18% range for those operating margins, adjusted operating margins. And we are going to continue to live within that space with those investments that we're making.
Anthony J. Conte: The ISV in the third quarter actually grew 23% year-on-year, and it's pretty much in line with expectations. We've spoken about ISV vertical in the past. It's kind of the core of what we built our business on, and we expect to see it running at around -- right around the 25%-ish of -- percent of revenue.
