Anthony Conte: Yes, hi, the expectation for the full year has not changed. We saw some pull back in currency in Q2, but if you look at what happened really over the past month, it looks like the Ruble is starting to fall again. We’re seeing some weakness in Hungarian Forint, and the Pound in Europe as well. So I would say our expectations remained consistent with what we have given kind of 5% to 6% full year. The Q2 coming in slightly below our initial expectation, looks like it is reversing in Q3 at this point.
Anthony Conte: It’s very hard to separate the two. With navigation archs, we've actually already begun a full integration and we have some plans where we are actually going to market as one company already, so the guidance actually includes a pretty well integrated go-to-market approach. So I can’t clearly separate the two, from what’s organic and what’s coming from navigation arch, just the way we did this acquisition. Roughly speaking I would say that if you look at the first half of the year and the over performance from the first half for the year combined with our expectations for the second half and including navigation arch you can roughly say 50-50 is organic and inorganic, but again that line is fairly blurred based on how we’re moving forward with integration and navigation archs and what we are seeing as probably traction with their existing accounts and the growth expectations we have.
Anthony Conte: Yes, we are expecting to be in that range. And the impact on margins from FX is actually relatively small. We tend to be relatively in actual hedge. We see some real headwinds on revenue -- believe no other benefits on the expense side, so it's really negligible benefit at the operation margin level from currency.
Anthony Conte: Nothing's really special. I would say that it is really not a significant piece of our business. It's not something that we actively go after or actively market. A lot of our infrastructure services is related to other services in the software development space that we are providing. So it's not something we are really focused on. It's relatively small piece of the overall revenue Pi. So it moves randomly within the 8% to 9% in that range there.
Anthony Conte: We’re adjusting based on that and continue to watch attrition levels. As we said in Q1, we’re still benefiting from some of the macroeconomic issues that are going on in CIS region and that's helping keep attrition low. So we keep watching that. We do expect it to start to go back up to normal levels at some point, but we modulate our headcount in recruiting based on what we’re seeing for attrition trends.
Anthony Conte: We can definitely control the spending, a part of the uptick that you are seeing is related to -- we’ve opened a number of new locations which brings new facilities, some new overheads, but not upfront investments to get those facilities up and running. So a lot of that, front runs, when those locations can become billable. So that's causing a spike in my SG&A. As far as currency goes, SG&A, a lot of that tends to be in US dollars. So we don't get a ton of benefit through the SG&A line from currency, most of that seems to impact our cost of revenue. And so that causes a little bit of the swing that you see in percentage of revenue. So we get benefit from cost of revenue which helps gross margin go up, but SG&A doesn’t get as much of a savings from currency.
Anthony Conte: Honestly, we don’t spend a lot of time looking at that particular metric revenue by headcount. It’s not something that we analyze, so I can’t answer that specifically. As the reason for the uptick, I think that we are seeing increases from a pricing perspective still. Unfortunately currency headwinds are taking a lot of the price increases away because we have a lot of ruble, pound, euro and euro based revenue. So we’re seeing some headwinds taking away some of that pricing benefit. And we are seeing ourselves continue to sell the higher value services and we’re moving more and more towards higher product development services and I don’t know, Ark, if you want to talk more about that mix of our services.
Anthony Conte: Well, on the banking and financial, I kind of addressed this in my script. The main issue in banking and financial is that the Russian Ruble dropped and the macroeconomic concerns in Russia have really impacted our banking and financial services clients there causing a significant pull back when we look at it as a percentage of our overall revenue, it actually dropped so much its offsetting all the positives that we’re seeing in Europe and North America and the traction we’re having there. As far as travel and consumer goes, again as I kind of referencing to my script, we are seeing, very broad based growth especially in Europe, and we are gaining significant traction in the travel consumer space and we saw some real heavy growth across the board in Europe and even in North America from the travel consumer sector.
Anthony Conte: Direction in pricing for the constant currency is roughly in range with what we have discussed. We are still seeing 6% to 8% annual price increases. So we are still seeing a pretty healthy relatively speaking pricing environment for our services. So very consistent with what we have discussed in the past.
Anthony Conte: Yes, it's definitely across the board. And I think I have shared one of metrics that talked about, I looked at it slightly at top 20 and below the top 20. But if you look at all of our customers below the top 20, they are growing at over 27%. So, pretty healthy growth coming from the broad customer base. So we are seeing a lot of growth across the board, a lot of new customers coming into the pipeline and significant growth outside of the top 10 and top 20.
Anthony Conte: Well, as I mentioned the travel consumer was actually one of our strongest sectors in the European market for this quarter. Additionally banking and financial continues to be a very big market for us in Europe as well. Obviously UBS is based out of Europe and continues to grow strongly for us. We have a number of new banking customers, and we have a number of new travel customers and the consumer space. So those three areas tend to be the strongest growth for us in Q2 in European market.
Anthony Conte: Yes, that’s approximately we’re expecting it to settle in at. The Q1 is typically very slow quarter for CIS. There is just you have half of January with the holidays and just a low billing month in February. So Q1 always slow in CIS. So Q2 is more of a normalized trend that I would expect to settle in around there, subject to impact coming from the ruble as you probably seen starting its fall again in July.
Anthony Conte: So the stock comp should remain relatively consistent for the balance of the year, looking at probably 11.4 million to 11.5 million per quarter for the second half. And then amortization of intangibles should be around 1.5 million per quarter. And FX; I’m putting FX in a roughly about million a quarter in loss and we’ll see where that settles out. I mean FX is always our big kind of capture because nobody knows where exactly it's going to go exactly.
Anthony Conte: Sure I'd kind of address this one earlier. With navigation arch it's very difficult to separate it out, because we have already actually began integration of nav arch and our go-to-market approach is much more integrated than really any other acquisition we’ve done in the past. So there is no clear separation. Roughly speaking we said about 50-50 is the split of organic in that arch, but again that line is heavily blurred as we’ve already done a lot of integration and we’re really moving forward as one company especially with a lot of their existing clients.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yeah. It would be good if you confirm who is opening so. I think we mostly in line is our regular core maintenance hearings so it's, I am repeating probably this each call that in general there is definitely shortage of talent and I mentioned today what we are doing in this area and how we are trying to not just hire from market, but grow people internally, but at the same time working with university. I wouldn’t say anything new happening this quarter and I wouldn’t say that there is some specific issue which we may consist doesn’t work like several quarters ago. It is one of the challenges and this challenge we kind of inflation for the -- probably for the decades and probably it will deflate some more so, don't see any changes.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We’re not sharing specific data here, but clearly again back to what you said a little earlier today, we see it as a digital consultative approach in this area, actually create very different entry point for us and very interesting opportunities in the market across all these verticals were we work. So I know, again we said tolerative couple of examples, but there are many more and this example is not a kind of singled out case. It's actually differently a representation of some type of trends.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Its extension and clearly we will get as more experience how it works. And as also we mentioned that one of the key challenges is kind of how to make this type of capabilities working in good harmony and how to work from the beginning together when we start to consult and design. There is a very good understanding in how we’re going to deliver. And like all the successes are actually opposite when we started to work together, people from 0:32:59.1 [indiscernible]. Now it’s coming on a very different level and very different size of programs as well. So again that's an experience which we have already for two plus years and then we added, as we also mentioned service design capabilities, use great 0:33:16.9 [indiscernible] acquisition and now we call that we would be able to do it much smoothly with the new additional skill set. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: But in general we expect as we also mentioned before, we expect growth and similar growth across all our verticals and there is clearly volatility, quarter-by-quarter depending on when new client start or some spikes in delivery or special -- kind of very special deliverables for specific programs. And again results size, sometimes it actually great this kind of difference in growth, in particular quarter. But there is nothing special to change it.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you everybody again for participation today. So it was a good quarter for us and again no any specific news; we just probably good as well, too good. So we’ll be talking to you in three months and therefore good day today. Thank you.
