Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. Let me clarify what we mean. We're trying to see the trend what's happening with our production. It's not about revenue it's how much work we are doing. Because there are a lot of different parameters which is influenced revenue from FX to number of days to race to discounts and everything else. But from the load point of view, the trend is that we're seeing we're coming back to a number of people who are doing production work getting comparable to what we saw in Q1. That's what it means. It means that, in general, we find end of the way to stabilize our share of the business even with some businesses declining with us but with some new opportunities growing and some actually clients coming back to us. So, from demand environment we have and this is what we mentioned as well. We've seen more conversation about programs more opportunities. But exactly as we mentioned whereas this morning, there is no clear time line of realization of. So, it's still difficult to say but it seems like pressure on some clients to do work getting bigger. So, well starting to be realized and difficult to say especially with everything geopolitically moving as soon as we see right now. So, more conversations more opportunities to discuss pretty tangible but there is no clear strategy.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think as we mentioned multiple times India is growing fast. India is still the investment for us as well from the investment to uplift the capabilities which we have there, because it's a relatively new location even if it is fastest growing for the last probably three years. So we built in purposely the same type of practices as we have globally from digital engagement to significant data practice and cloud practices. So -- and stability question is a difficult one in general in this environment, because the pressure everywhere from any locations which we have. So -- but I think we're seeing definitely opportunity to uplift the market demand coming back. And we are accumulating a lot of experience. Now we have very sizable programs there. So we also understand that we can hire people and hire them with comparable quality through additional investments which we do there. So I think we're pretty optimistic about this and with everything that's happened, as we mentioned several times. I think this will become proportionately much bigger part of EPAM deliveries.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We are about 26%, 27% between Ukraine and Belarus, okay? Eastern Europe or Central Europe like, it's different, because we are pretty significantly present in Poland and Hungary and all of this. And India is becoming right around second largest delivery location Right now it's the second largest after Ukraine.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. I think, I got the general numbers and all because this is declining from amount of work, which we are doing right now is definitely stabilizing because if -- and it's difficult to have apples-to-apples comparison but with all our terms it's actually getting latest lot. There are still big programs in which we continue to decline best of the client decisions done in -- even during the last year. That's why you see some new clients. On the other side after this period, why there is a positivity, we see that for some local fixed programs clients coming back to us and started conversation or even some decisions when programs starting to come back to us. A lot of new opportunities but this was at the very beginning. Some of them sizable means that clients started to seriously consider as they need to do it. And unfortunately some of the client delays are so much, while there are very specific deadline they have ahead of them, and they will have to start making decisions. And this conversation happens, but they're still not making calls. But the level of conversation is a different level. That's a positivity as well. And there are a lot of small apart more new business where we enter in, which is historically for us, it wasn't very normal because it never was going to be problem from day one. It's usually where the country is important and the potential that we can do more complex, better quality work and then it was growing. So we have a lot of seats right now for the future. But as main point that we definitely see is as the production load is getting more stable.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And something to mention like I know that there are a lot of consumers that we would be able to deliver quality from new locations. That looks more positive as well for us, because we're getting more and more experience and more and more scales outside our traditional strength in Eastern Europe while again in Eastern Europe and Western Central Asia will also stabilize a little while in general geopolitical environment is still very, very complex.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it's still second. At the same time, if you're talking about lens of the relationship I think that's exactly what you said is that it's very much stabilizing. And we don't see the same kind of – that's a way different like versus Q1 situation and now, okay? I think it's much more manageable. I think much more transparency in situation.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think the answer is very simple, right? We believe that Ukraine would be more stable and Belarus less stable just based on the situation of supply-demand ratio. And in absolute numbers and relative numbers Belarus declined during the last several years much, much, much more significantly than Ukraine. And I think this trend might be there depending on geopolitics and client reactions.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think you should expect our assets we will tell you this exactly in three months. But again, we've seen positivity right now, but we'll check in three months.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we started to return to taking some share, okay? I think in existing clients, we stabilized while again there are some long-term -- like longer term policy some clients make and they have a plan that they will be executing according to the plan. As Jason mentioned that there are several clients in Europe which we know was going to happen. So on the other side in existing clients I think we stabilized and then some of the clients we started to take share back.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we are looking at this, almost year-to-year comparison becoming less meaningful, at this environment because there is no big change between these two years. So, right now, the quarter-by-quarter comparison really showing what's happened. And from this point, actually [indiscernible] 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think this is -- we will try to predict obviously, future. And from this future point of view, I think the application development and build function, will become even more important with everything was happening. So it's very easy to optimize, yourself to in-time environment the whole point, and that would happen quarter from now or a couple of years from now. And from this point of view, we still believe that this is what started this conversation this morning and we still believe that application which we build and build function and strong capability would be extremely critical will all get stuck which is changing. We don't know where all this will be impacted, but even I mentioned multiple times. I do believe that there is a huge technical debt on within cloud environment in the world. And right now, it's taken kind of second priority in this environment, but it couldn't be done for too long because there are some companies which not in Western will be presenting their share. So, I think it will come back. And as we said what's happening with AI will be changing the whole application, infrastructure new opportunities will have to be rebuilt together. So that's why I think it's -- for us still probably as to how to maintain this advantage.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And I guess, that's an advantage we have from our financial position. We have a very strong cash position to not rely on the outside market to do exactly what we were doing in the past, because it was relatively small acquisitions targeted for specific competencies or very specific geographies, we had a very good shape to continue doing this. I think that's not much change.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think where the return happened. Usually it's a program with -- it's a program where suppliers [Indiscernible] because they can do it with somebody else. And that's usually the trigger for the return, but then it's actually triggering opening new opportunities with us as well. So we have already several situations during the last several quarters when it's happening. So Gen AI we talked about that we still see the direct impact on the revenue is not going to be exactly there yet, but there are a lot of activities and with all investments which we do in it right now have definitely differentiated our self we see the client reaction is what we should. So it's starting to create tangible opportunities working against the size of that but still relatively small. So I think we will see us going to be developing during the next quarters or so.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. Thank you for joining today. So I think with all kind of numbers which we said and we still looking more positive to the situation that several quarters ago. Unfortunately, the world is still continues to be a very unpredictable place. And that's why it's difficult to make more clear statement sometimes. So let's meet in three months and see what we will be able to share then. Thank you very much.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So, the program is designed to achieve a somewhat over $100 million or as we talked about in the prepared remarks 2.5% to 3% of our cost structure. Most of the actions will be taken by the end of the year. And then I would say there would be some residual actions that would take place early in 2024 with the idea of giving us effectively $100-plus million in savings to allow us to further invest in 2024. And so that's in demand generation programs, things like partnership programs, it's in capabilities, generative AI further consulting. And then it also will allow us to effectively sort of fund a more normalized variable compensation in salary campaign next year. And so again, I expect much of the savings to be achieved by the end of this year and there'll be probably still some actions taken in Q1. Truly the costs that we talk about in Q3 and Q4 truly are incremental costs related to either severance payouts in different countries, facilities, lease exits other costs that are incremental and again allow us to achieve a certain amount of savings as we enter 2024.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. And I just follow in on the profitability. So as we talked about in the last call and again we'll continue to talk about here today is that, we continue to have some characteristics with heavier pyramid than we had traditionally operated with the ongoing kind of pressures on pricing and then some amount of wage inflation. And so, it's hard to sort of return for typical profitability, as we enter the next handful of quarters or maybe through most of 2024. But when we look at India, given some time and particularly more demand we think the ability to sort of run that geography at levels of profitability consistent with what we did in Eastern Europe is certainly possible and more than possible, I'd say likely. So it's just right now we're still working through as Ark said, some of the imbalances on pricing and again a heavier delivery pyramid.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. So we're clearly less than 30% in Eastern Europe and heading towards kind of low-20s. India is currently...
Jason Peterson: Yeah. I think Ashwin also if you look clearly on a year-over-year basis, the numbers still don't look sequentially despite the fact we still saw a decline between Q2 and Q3. That decline was less than the decline we had in Q2. And when looking ahead to Q4, we still have a modest decline, but I would say that's largely sort of foreign exchange and to a certain extent as we talk about the build ability or the available build as in Q4. And so, if you adjust for that it does feel like our demand is stabilizing, particularly in North America as we talked about during our prepared remarks.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So let me quickly do on a year-over-year basis, you would have had the impact of those movements that we took people from Russia and Belarus and Ukraine and moved into higher-cost geographies. But if you begin to look at what's happening here in Q3 and what we think we see in Q4 is that you've got both the facts. And unfortunately, I can't give you the exact percentage. But certainly one of the effects is that we are seeing more demand for India-based resources where the rates are lower. So that would speak to the mix shift that you talked about. And then the other thing, as Ark has indicated and I mentioned as well, is the pricing environment still is -- it's somewhat challenging with in some cases concessions provided to existing customers and then with newer engagements also starting with a sharper pencil. And so you've got bolt impacts. And I think that you'll see them show up more so in Q4 and probably in the first half of 2024, which again is part of the discussion around what we see for profitability in coming quarters.
Jason Peterson: Yes. Obviously, the world is a very complicated place at this time. And so I want to be careful not to make it an absolute assertion. But certainly, at this time, we are seeing more stability in customer programs and budgets. And so, particularly, as we look at North America, it does feel like we've achieved some degree of stability less of these unexpected sort of surprises and ramps down and we believe that we're seeing similar as we entered Q4. As I did mention in my prepared remarks, we do have a couple of customers in Europe who've already notified us and we've been aware of it for a little while that we'll see ramp downs there. But again, it feels right now that we're seeing less of these sort of unexpected surprises that drove both the mess in Q2 and has resulted in sequential declines. And so absolutely, if you adjusted out the build at impact, you'd have flat revenue as you go through Q3 to Q4.
Jason Peterson: So I think with some of the actions we're taking and some of the stabilization in demand, I think that you'll see better utilization in Q4 and we clearly hope to improve utilization in the first half of 2024. However, with the lower build days, you'll still have some compressed gross margin in Q4, which is why we've sort of guided the way we have with the 15% to 16%. What I do think as we enter 2024 is – there is still an imbalance between customer pricing and wage inflation. And as I think you've noted before David, we do expect to return to a more normalized variable compensation. And so I think as we enter 2024 – and we haven't done all the work on this yet. We don't quite know what wage pressures are going to be next year. And again, we're still trying to assess what happens with some of the deals we closed here in Q4, and how that will impact future pricing as we enter 2024. But the sense is that it's possible that we could see profitability decline somewhat as we move from 2023 to 2024. And then as I've been talking about over the last couple of earnings calls, we view 2024 as a transitional year where we get the opportunity to work through a few things. We expect at some point more rational sort of supply-demand and then that will give us opportunities on both pricing and with a return to more traditional profitability more likely in 2025.
Jason Peterson: Yes I would say that continues to be – that the wage pricing dynamic is the uncertain element, which is why it's harder for me to sort of comment on it right now but I will be able to do the next time we talk. But yes, I would say that the ongoing imbalance between sort of customer pricing and wage.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So we still -- we haven't worked through pricing. We haven't -- we're bubbled through what we think is going to happen from the wage environment I think in certain markets is pressures are not as pronounced but then there's other markets where there's very, very high cost of living inflation. And so what I'm saying is we haven't worked through it yet but I think it's certainly possible that you could see us talk about 2024 with lower profitability. And that was just in response to the question around do we think that we will maintain profitability in 2024? I just want to make certain that there is an indication that we could be lower as we enter the fiscal year and again working to get ourselves back into a position where we could operate in the 16% to 17% range in 2025.
Jason Peterson: Yes. We saw Europe actually, declined somewhat sequentially between Q2 and Q3. And so we are seeing Europe, is a little bit more mixed but generally, it has been positive relative to North America. And then we've got a couple of these customers that we talked about. So, it's not what I would call broad-based, and I would call it more customer specific.
Jason Peterson: Yes. And this is one, we're probably using Ark's responsive with barrier or it depends is probably appropriate, but I'll just give you some conversions of it. Certainly, as you -- as people wanted to be more cost efficient India has been a more attractive play. We do think that India, will continue to be an important delivery location for us, but that you'll also see more demand over time in our other geographies. And so what you may see in the next couple of quarters is still a more pronounced mix of India delivery, but we don't think that that's necessarily permanent. At the same time from a pricing standpoint, oftentimes it does take probably a year to reset. And so, it's hard to kind of go demand is higher tomorrow and now your price is higher. Oftentimes, the relationships are sort of set over a year. And so that's why in some of the earlier calls I've said, I think you're going to enter 2024 with an environment that where it's difficult to take up price. And then, we'll probably end up somewhat locked in during 2024, okay, not in all clients and not in all roles. And then we've got more opportunity to adjust price probably later in the year. And of course, we'll be exposed to wage inflation during our traditional compensation campaign in Q2.
Jason Peterson: I think we would still continue with the same strategy that we've had with doing acquisitions that allow us to expand capabilities and then sort of help further our opportunity to grow organically. And so certainly, we'll be careful as we have been, but I think that you'll still see a significant focus on acquisitions that are probably more in that sort of small to midsized tuck-in.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. For us clearly we have one large client where it's probably client specific and we have seen some -- I guess, some reduction in revenues there. And then there's, a number of other banks that we would work with where we've also seen the decline. So I would say it's probably relatively broad for banking. But other elements of the financial services practices were also seeing growth. And -- so banking is certainly somewhat soft with opportunities in asset management and other areas in financial services including insurance.
