Arkadiy Dobkin: I wouldn't say that it's like all -- across all regions or all our line segments, more related to our relatively small business in AES region today and probably 1 or 2 accounts. So again, we see this, and exactly like we have mentioned, it's in some specific cases, but building and see it as a company turn. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: We have around 500 people deployed today. Well, as we mentioned, it would -- with another notification judged during the last couple of weeks, which was in addition to what kind of carefully planned level of ramp down, which we discussed on previous calls. We don't know about specific reasons why it was done. At the same time, we're already starting to redeploy this. We have several really fast-growing accounts with similar skills, and we started the redeployment process very, very aggressively right now. Well, it does seem that in several months, we will be able to utilize these people because it's a very experienced team and was working together for a long time. So it's kind of creating additional opportunities for us. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. Within -- there's a good traction right now in Europe and North America. Both of them growing, and we've had some exceptions like we've mentioned already. Between specific industries, I would say that we have very good opportunities in ISV sector in United States. We also continue to grow way too fast in the financial services in Europe. One of the fastest growing area is Retail and Consumer and Travel and Hospitality for us. So that it's the fastest-growing sector and it's all related to demand through new online experience, commerce-related applications. So -- and we've seen a lot of opportunities around this area, and we actually are very aggressively building up our focus competencies and solution practices specifically in this area. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: That's the normal result of our -- we're still growing with this. We're growing in revenue, we're growing in headcount and clearly, billable headcount, and it's clearly a portion of G&A going down. That's what we specifically mentioned. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don't think we can give you any specifics. You saw that we completed our first acquisition for this year in Q2. And we had some -- had opportunities in our pipeline, but I don't think we can give you any specific answer right now. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay, thank you. Thank you, Richard. So what we can confirm is that there are some exceptional issues, which we have seen this quarter. In general, business is strong and we have a lot of prospects. And we have most of -- practically, all of our top 10 accounts, except Thomson Reuters, in very good shape and most of them growing pretty fast. So we are very confident in the current situation into the company and have actually various opportunities for the future. So -- and I think we're internally considering the situation with Thomson Reuters as a good opportunity as well. Thank you. 
Ilya Cantor: So as far as Russia is concerned, specifically, the region is not growing. We -- in the CIS region, as we mentioned, we had a onetime nonrecurring revenue recognition item of $4.3 million, which showed growth for the region but -- of $3.1 million or 25% or so. But if you strip that out, it would be in a slight decline. We don't particularly see sort of additional volatility to this extent from here on out. But we also don't count on growth from that region either. And this is, as we've talked about in the past, by design. 
Ilya Cantor: Yes. We didn't say we were starting a cost-cutting program. We said we were raising earnings growth guidance because we continued to maintain a really sharp focus on cost controls, as we've always done. And this has been slightly ahead of expectations. That's one of the reasons for raising the earnings growth target. But we are in really good shape. We don't feel we need to sort of have a comprehensive cost-cutting program. It's just business as usual. 
Ilya Cantor: We did have really good margin expansion in this quarter. Part of that was driven by also the onetime revenue recognition item, right? So kind of full disclosure. So we don't expect sort of aggressive expansion of margins like we saw in Q2, in Q3 and Q4, particularly, since our sequential growth we're projecting right now, at least in the model, to be kind of 3% to 5% in Q3 and flattish in Q4 to Q3. So I would moderate sort of expectations about margin expansion from here. As far as your question with regards to taking cost out of the model, again, just like -- I take, though, you dropped off when we were answering a similar question to Alexander. We don't have a comprehensive cost-cutting program going on, it's just business as usual where we always keep a sharp focus on cost. Our SG&A continues to drive leverage into the model. We did see slightly better wage inflation results and we've moderated those expectations for the year as well so that helped. 
Ilya Cantor: Okay. So as we mentioned, compared to where we were in Q1, Q2 was negatively impacted on a top line basis by about $1.5 million, $1.6 million. And this came primarily from the euro and ruble. I think pound actually strengthened a little bit. Net-net, it actually gave us a slight benefit in the bottom line, but nothing sort of material to speak of. But if -- again, if we're extending this trend forward, and we're just doing sort of simple dumb math, $1.5 million in Q3, $1.5 million in Q4, would cause another $3 million in top line headwinds. So this is what we're projecting right now. Again, our currency mix is such that we're actually neutral in the bottom line, and this is what we saw in Q2. We don't expect the situation to change materially from there. Hopefully, that answers your question. 
Ilya Cantor: This is excluding the foreign exchange loss, which, on the P&L right now for Q2, really represents a remeasurement of local currency, monetary assets and liabilities to a functional. So that kind of stuff aside, the economic impact to our P&L is neutral and at times even slightly positive. 
Ilya Cantor: Well, barring a disaster scenario, yes, it is the answer. We're still in a good place. We still see a healthy pipeline. We still see a good client activity. As Ark mentioned, we had really good results from new client acquisition in the past couple of quarters. So fundamentally, the sort of the tweak to the guidance does relate to those 2 specific issues. And to the extent that we're taking a somewhat conservative approach and not sort of recognizing the benefits of potential reallocation of Thomson Reuters personnel, that's sort of tempered also by the fact that while we don't know what Thomson Reuters is going to do, what we know is what we know right now. We think we've baked in all the bad news, but that's what we said last time. 
Ilya Cantor: I think we mentioned before that we were going to have wage inflation around 10% to 12%. We're now seeing it below 10%. 
