Arkadiy Dobkin: So we definitely considering different options there and Anthony also pointed it out on utilization which is probably not optimal right now and we definitely will be focusing on this part. At the same time we - at this point, we will continue to invest in the areas which we plan to invest and not going to cut costs there. Again utilization and staffing probably one of the area and because of all what was happened during last couple months, so we have, as mentioned several point higher than we anticipated. So but clearly we're looking at this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we can just repeat what we said already. So at the beginning of the year in [indiscernible] giving guidance we were giving guidance with what we saw and it was much more known. Right now to the end of the year, in general less - supposed to be a less unknown but volatility increased. So what we’re doing right now, again we share it with you exactly would we say. So we're also sharing with you that like you were asking practically each quarter how we are seeing the market, how we compare this is what is hidden from other companies, and the usual answer was that we don’t see the market changes. This time our message is different. We've seen some concerns. We’ve seen like companies were reacting on Brexit or maybe they were reacting after Brexit or sounds little before. So right now we, again sharing exactly what we see.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Visibility to the final annual guidance, which we provided, very similar to our previous years. But again the market in our view is soft and that’s why we kind of openly sharing this. But visibility like in percentage, how we see like pipeline, it’s at this point similar to what we saw during the previous years.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And I'm pretty sure you realize that our kind of position is reflection from what we see in the declines, and some of the clients which were much more confident before, right now not giving likely answers. So which means that they’re struggling to understand what’s going to happen. Again I'm pretty sure I'm not saying anything new to you.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, we definitely adjusting this but it’s also nothing new here. We are doing this practically real-time during the last years. Like if you think about it like in the past, like some events happening, we do in the adjustments of our hiring plans between different locations and number of people, and clearly we are doing this right now. We mentioned our utilization is higher than we expected
Arkadiy Dobkin: Well, it is a question which we don’t have answer truthfully to what the organizational changes and what’s the economy, and what’s the Brexit. I don’t think I can comment on this. I don’t know how to put priority on any of these components.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It was maybe a little bit in specific regions in APAC for us, but for the future even like for Q3 or Q4, we are very much on the impression that if client is considering some cuts, they are still struggling internally in what areas is going to be or slightly across multiple areas. So I think the exception of an APAC right now, I don’t think we can name anything.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we would like again repeat ourselves. So yes, in the past, it was kind of similar situation but each time it’s a little bit different. I think right now at this specific point maybe in two weeks or four weeks from now, we will be in different position. At this specific point, the level of unpredictability is higher than we used to, at least in this segment which we highlighted. Okay? So we still think that our initial target could be reached, and again we’ll update later. Like in the past, like yes, there are similar situation but each of them were a little bit different. Sometimes we were getting like pretty specific notification like with a specific plans. Right now everything is little bit farther, at least again in this specific segment of the market which we can talk about.
Arkadiy Dobkin: This is number one. Number two, that it might be impacting some other sectors in the region as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Because of all of these reasons and there is more difficult negotiation for potential increases, and we explained before how the pricing - what components contribute to pricing increases from review and the seasonality of the position, from annual increases, which is not necessarily matching the calendar year, right. So all these components, and we just anticipate that it probably would be more difficult than before.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, it’s a different conversation with - because there is discussions about the future and this discussion changed from what it was like one quarter or two quarters ago. So there is change in plans. The problem with this is the plan is not defined and I think the specific line is still struggling with their decisions. And that’s why we had to translate the same level of unpredictability which we have. But again at the same time, we do think that we would be able to achieve our guidance which we provided at the beginning of the year.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Listen, it’s much more - again it’s much more complicated from different angles. Too many variables and unknown, like from one point of view, definitely they are trying to figure it out how it would influence them. On another side, there is also a lot of movements as this declines to optimize the vendors infrastructure. So there is a chance that it would be increase, so our share would increase as well taking in account of type of work we are doing. So what’s going to be there like two quarters from now? I don’t think anybody knows, but it was previous question we would do things that we wouldn’t share of the budget. There like proportionally we don’t believe so. I think our share probably is still going to be increased.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We were talking about again more difficult environment in our regular incremental increases like which happened during the year as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it’s really a related like question. I think they have more difficult time because of Brexit in general and that’s why they are uncertain about future. So I don’t know what else to add to what we said already. So at this point, we’re seeing again a less certainly in some pockets of our market and some specific line, and that’s all we can share. I don’t know what to add.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we do believe - again Q3 usually it’s a time of vacations and that’s why season play a role here. That’s what we experienced during the last year. It’s always bringing a couple of additional points to our range. So we do think that it would rebound in Q4.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So that’s what we are seeing on the market. So again all our message is just a reflection of understanding of our specific portfolio of clients. And from this, we’re still optimistic that we would be able to achieve the guidance. And North America from this point of view is more stable than Europe and that’s all we can say. So if any changes will be happening, we will be communicating them as soon as possible.
Arkadiy Dobkin: There is nothing specific about any renewals right now. On another side, Moshe, I’m pretty sure you know that any client can come and ask for any discount at any point depending on their situation on the market situation. So it always could be happening even with any existing contract. So that’s always on the table. The same like if market difference we can do opposite as well, but then its negotiation all-related circumstances.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think in general nothing special happening - didn’t happen or going to happen during this last and next quarters. I think we have good performance in two verticals. Healthcare also Life Science affected by some acquisitions happened with Alliance Global, but it’s also reflection of some organic growth in new clients in this sector as well. So it’s a combination of the strong specific focus. It’s all in line with what we communicated during the last quarter. So we think that each of our segment is pretty interesting and perspective for us including the financial services too. We’re still very optimistic about long-term future there. So it’s a lot of changes going to happen, a lot of potential work for us too especially with our focused areas of expertise and capabilities and build-out we should do it.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So basically from the point of new logos which we acquired last quarter or we kind of increased sales right now it’s pretty much in line with our historical numbers.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And as usual, thank you very much for joining us today. So I would like just to confirm that despite of the softness which we see in those market, we’re pretty confident about long-term story and I think our message from this point of view very consistent for the last four years starting from our IPO days that we’re still thinking that 20%-plus organic growth is possible for us and going to happen, and that our operational margins will still be between 16%, 18% like it was like we said several years ago. So we’re still pretty confident in this long-term. Again, thank you very much and see you in three months or talk to you in three months. Bye.
Anthony Conte: We want to keep bringing it down but I think overall general targets is to get the overall DSO to kind of back to the mid-to-low 80s combined where I'd like to see it, and then the AR DSO to be somewhere in the mid 50s is probably what we are going to see there.
Anthony Conte: I think the key addition is what we’re trying to say is that there is a lot more clouding that surround that visibility, so while we - the guidance we gave is based on what we see right now, there is a lot of changing events over the next six months and the economy. Things change almost on a daily basis, so we can't predict what that volatility is going to be. Based on what we see today, that's what our guidance is based upon and our visibility is comparable to prior years.
Anthony Conte: Yes, I mean, I think I had mentioned it in my commentary as well that the accounts outside of our top 20 are growing at a much faster rate than those within our top 20. I don't know that that's a reflection that the top 20 are not growing. They are still - if you look my top 20 are still growing at high-teens rate and with the lower 18%. It's just that those outside the top 20 are growing at about 45% rate. So it's more a reflection of the diversification of our client base. Our top 20, some of them are getting to be quite sizable, so some low big numbers they start to slow down a little bit in the growth rate. We're still very confident. We're still getting strong growth from a lot of those in our top 20. We do have some that are flattening out. We talk about Barclays every so often being a little bit flat over the past several years, so that obviously impacts overall top growth rates. And then we have a couple of other accounts within our top 20. Every year we have it. We have some that flat now drop-outs, change, so that's just the normal dynamic, nothing unusual in it this year.
Anthony Conte: Well, I think clearly UBS has made their own statements around concerns around Brexit, and we know that European banks in general are struggling, so UBS growth rate, I’m sure you've seen it, this quarter was about 14% year-over-year which is below the growth rate we've seen historically in that account. And as far as others, nothing specific to call out. Nobody else that specifically pulling things down. I think there is just a general sense across the client base of unease and uncertainty with where the markets are going.
Anthony Conte: So that’s it. As far as in the second half, yes, I mean last year Navigation Arts was the second half acquisition. AGS was a second half acquisition. So we pick those up. One was in Q3. One was in Q4.
Anthony Conte: No, our operating guidance holds. We’ve always said we’ll be between 16% to 18% in the adjusted operating margin. That guidance has not changed, and as you can see we’re somewhere right in the middle or almost at the middle of that guidance range and we don’t provide guidance on a revenue per engineer.
Anthony Conte: As I said earlier, DSOs longer term, we’re focusing on getting them down even more. So we’re down to about 88 total pulled up six days out this quarter. Most of those six days were from the two big accounts we talked about last period, UBS being one and one other large client. So we fixed those issues and a few other steps to improve DSO brought down to 88. We want to continue to push that down to kind of mid-to-low 80s overall is the target. That will probably take a few - at least a few more quarters to cycle through, so that’s the overall guidance there.
Anthony Conte: Look, maybe a little bit towards the end of the year and the beginning of the year around holiday times and things of that nature, people tend to try and clean out budgets at the end of the year, so we always see a little bit of a pop at the end of the year as people make and accelerate payments. And then there is typically a slowdown at the beginning of the year as people are starting up the New Year, budgets are being set. But I don’t think it’s dramatic.
Anthony Conte: No, we weren’t talking about pricing decreases. I mean we’re still - year-to-date we’re still staying right around just under 3% as far as pricing increases. What Ark was alluding to was that we just start expecting to see any additional expansion of pricing. We expect to continue to see pressure on getting price increases into the future, not necessarily decreases. That wasn’t really part of the message.
Anthony Conte: It’s comparable. I mean, last year the account size of the top 20 were growing in excess of 40%. We’re seeing the same this year. So I think the consistent message that we talk about is the diversification of our client base and the amount of growth that we get across our client base both within our top 20 and more importantly outside the top 20 as we have new accounts growing and becoming those future top 20s is very important to us and that’s how we grow through all these years is that we see constant flow of new clients into our pipeline and accelerated growth outside the top 20 as these accounts ramp up. So I think it’s a consistent message from past years.
Anthony Conte: It’s really across the board as far as industries. I mean, there is no accounts that I can mention, but it is pretty broad-based across our industry segments and I think you can see that when you look at the growth across the industries because they are all growing in excess of 20% as well with obviously I called - or Ark called out, three key segments which are growing a little bit faster than the others this time around being Life Sciences and Healthcare, Media & Entertainment is doing well and then within the emerging vertical, we have a number that are contributing as well. So right now we’re seeing a lot of growth from those but really seeing over 20% growth from everybody which is what we’re going to see.
Anthony Conte: No. Dextrys is really a very immaterial acquisition. It was primarily focused on bringing in a few extra employees in China - I’m sorry, a few hundred extra employees in China in a new location up near Shanghai. It’s a lower cost location, provides us access to Shanghai market. The revenue was really not material, so there is nothing to disclose there. It’s not going to have any significant impact on our performance.
Anthony Conte: Yes, the gross margin is really specifically tied to the utilization. So the drop in utilization is what creates - having more people on the bench is what creates that compression on the gross margin. So as we adjust utilization issue, the gross margin should take care of itself.
Anthony Conte: Correct. Anybody who has a label considered a production or billable employee is classified as cost of revenue and goes to that line.
Anthony Conte: So I think the quantification is probably three or four new real strategic accounts beyond - Ark mentioned a few last quarter, there is probably a couple more that came in this quarter, but I don’t think there is only huge stories. A couple of new strategic accounts that we see real opportunity for growth. But Moshe, you know our story is always. We get into the clients. We do a few projects and then they grow from there. So it’s the same basic trend that we have experienced in the past, so two or three that we see real opportunity to grow and deep penetration.
