Jason Peterson: So fair question. We feel good about how we’ve started Q1 and clearly, based on our guidance for Q2 feel good about the demand environment. What we are seeing is a couple of things, which is one is that we are seeing a little bit of a pullback in spending on European banking clients and that then forms our guidance for the full year. And in addition, we’re seeing a little bit of unevenness in demand associated with consumer and retail, primarily in Europe. And again what you’re seeing is some good strong growth across certain of our customers there and then what you’re seeing is a few customers where – whose business models are somewhat challenged and probably further challenged by uncertainty associated with Brexit who are pulling back a little bit on spending. And so the guidance, I would say, is thoughtful and again what we continue to see is strong demand overall across the business. You can see the growth rates in life sciences and healthcare. You can see the growth rates in high tech, in our emerging verticals. And so, we feel very good about the demand environment but we just want to be a little bit thoughtful as we enter Q2 about the remainder of the fiscal year.
Jason Peterson: Right. So, thanks for that question. So the first thing I want to focus on is just the overall demand environment for the company. So, we have always talked about the company having a broad series of sort of what I would refer to as growth engines, that’s both new and existing clients, and then what you can see is that we’re able to deliver growth across a broad range of verticals. New vertical at EPAM constitutes more than 22% of revenue and that would be financial services. We are actually seeing very strong growth in fin tech, in asset management, in card payment and processing and we’re beginning to see some very exciting growth then actually with our insurance customers, which today make up a small part of our business, but we expect to grow relatively rapidly in both the near and the midterm. So, we’ve got a lot of sources of growth inside financial services and what we’re just seeing in a handful of banking clients, we just want to acknowledge that there has been a little bit of pull-back there and that’s what then forms our guidance. As Ark said, what we want to do is guide for the full year to what we can see today and again the – somewhat of a reduction that we saw in Q1 forms the guidance for the remainder of the year.
Jason Peterson: That’s a fair question. So from a pricing standpoint, as Ark indicated, is that if you are doing a revenue per head count is there is an ongoing gradual shift toward somewhat more talent in market, so that have a positive uplift, OK. As Ark also indicated, we just did our promotions cycle, we usually have a certain amount of rate alignment after that and then we continue to get price increases at existing customers, and with newer customers and other opportunities there is potential for pricing as well. So, what we’re looking at right now is an environment that probably is somewhat similar to what we’ve seen in past time periods and probably a similar level of wage inflation, certainly not an elevated level wage inflation. And so, I think that, that sort of bodes for a fairly consistent sort of pricing and wage inflation environment. From a utilization standpoint and I do need to make this clear around sort of that quaternization or seasonality of our business, what we usually see is a first half of our fiscal year has got lower available we capacity or what other companies called bill days. And so, in our environment, we’ve got significant holidays associated with Orthodox Christmas, in Q1 we’ve got significant holidays associated with May in the CIS region in Q2. So, we have fewer available working days and as a result, that usually has a somewhat negative impact on profitability. And in the second half, we’ve got more available working days. And then you see a general improvement of profitability and you’ll see that in our patterns throughout the last couple of years. And so, right now we’re running at a relatively high-level utilization. We think we’ll run at a higher level than we have in past years but I would expect a modest decline in utilization as we go from Q1 to Q2, in part because of the elevated vacations associated with May.
Jason Peterson: Okay, that’s fair. So, from a from the emerging standpoint, there is a series of customers in there but we generally sort of focus on energy, which has been strong growth here in Q1. We’re seeing good growth in automotive and then we’re seeing some interesting activity and growth in telecommunications. From an M&A standpoint, a lot of the focus has been on developing incremental sort of in-market consulting capability, and then there’s also probably some opportunities to get some additional sort of skills and talents. But probably the focus from an M&A strategy standpoint has not changed dramatically. We’re still focused more on sort of consulting capabilities in market.
Jason Peterson: And so, that our consistent trend has been that if you look at the incremental revenue dollars on a year-over-year basis, that 60% of incremental revenue dollar comes from existing clients and 40% of the incremental revenue dollar comes from new clients. And so, that trend stays pretty consistent. Again, we continue to grow quite rapidly as many of our largest and longest-standing customers, and we continue to get quite a bit of incremental revenue from new customer engagements.
Jason Peterson: Okay. And so, our guidance does indicate that we have somewhat more confidence that we can run the business at a somewhat higher level of profitability than what we thought when we began the fiscal year. So, to that take-up in EPS reflect some of that sense that we can incrementally improve profitability. But I think as we look at the business, we want to make certain that we continue to invest in the business that does have some amount of SG&A related investment. And I think gross margin will be sort of relatively consistent with what we saw last year. And so, I think its kind of informed by the desire to continue to invest in the business. And as Ark talked about, the notion of, let’s say, challenges with customers is that we are bringing additional capabilities to market. We’re filling in with capabilities that maybe we haven’t historically had. We’re learning from that. Our clients are learning from that. We think it makes us more relevant to clients and then it supports our growth long-term, which is expected to continue to be in excess of 20% per year.
Jason Peterson: Yes, I think I probably wouldn’t spend a lot of time with this moment sort of dissecting different components of the financial services practice. What I can say is that we’ve got a significant series of growth opportunities in the fin tech. We’ve talked about insurance, which is small and we think rapidly growing. But then I’m going to pull back and just kind of talk about the business overall, is that EPAM has always had a broad source of growth opportunities across industry verticals, across both new and existing clients. And so, I think how I would speak about both the quarter and the full fiscal year is despite some softness in spending with banks, the Company is continuing to grow our business in excess of 20% per year, in part because we are not dependent on financial services as a source of growth for the Company. I think I look long term I think the other thing that I would say is that historically and today would be no different, we continue to be relatively more supply constrained than we’ve ever been demand constrained. So even if there is a modest reduction in demand across a couple of customers, oftentimes what you’ll find in more than often almost always is there is an opportunity to deploy resources in other accounts.
Jason Peterson: Yes. And so, on the first question, when we do the calculation that I think you’re doing, what we would see is that revenue per headcount actually is increasing. Maybe what you’re saying is that revenue the growth in revenue per headcount is not at exactly the same level as we’ve seen in, let’s say, the last couple of quarters. And the one thing that is an important factor is foreign exchange, and so when we do that we do that calculation just so we can kind of understand your perspective, is that both you have to look at foreign exchange in utilization and from a growth in revenue per headcount, if you adjust for those two factors, the growth in revenue per headcount is pretty consistent with what we’ve seen in past quarters.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So, you’ve got adjust for foreign exchange as [indiscernible] constant currency and then utilization. And then from the standpoint of capital allocation is – as you indicate, we continue to have an inorganic strategy and that will consume capital. And we’re evaluating opportunities for, let’s say for a capital allocation strategy overtime, but nothing that we would announce and wouldn’t announce a change at this time.
Jason Peterson: Yes, I mean we’re clearly seeing extremely strong demand in healthcare and life sciences and on both sides of that, and so we’re not seeing a slowdown associated with a budget release or a lack of budget release.
Jason Peterson: Sure, so I’ll take the last question first. So, M&A contributed about 200 basis points of growth in Q1. For the full year, we’d expect that M&A would contribute about 100 basis points of growth. And then in terms of the coming in low versus your model, are you referring to cash flow or profitability or revenue or what specific...
Jason Peterson: Yes. So, I mean, quite honestly there’s two major values there. One would be the variable compensation element and we had a very strong 2018 and as a result, there was a relatively higher level of variable compensation paid out. So, that’s one. And then DSO increased again from 73 days to 78 days, but 78 days is still very good DSL for us, you’ll note that we’ve run in the 80s in the past. And so, I’m still quite happy with the DSO. But it’s really the somewhat elevated level of variable compensation payout due to the that high-level performance we had in 2018 and to a lesser extent, the impact of the increase in DSO. So, in I guess if I would add one more thing, we’re quite seasonal from a cash generation standpoint. And so, in Q1, you would have the variable compensation. You have a little bit of variable compensation in Q2 and our strongest cash-generation quarters are usually again in the second half of the year.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And I would add that, Ashwin, traditionally that we project what we’re seeing right now. So what would happen in Q3, Q4, it’s – will be happening, but at this point we see this is [indiscernible]. So – and Q2 become – but the project is – so we increase the guidance. We don’t feel we can increase the guidance right now for the full year yet.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, definitely. Transformation impacts in not just front office but the whole stack of technology center, business processes center and business platforms. And while kind of simplistic understand of digital always was focusing on front-end, in our experience we always were very strongly engineering driven, as you know. And it means that we – traditionally, we’re working on development of the many core platforms for large product companies, helping them with this and then get an experience how to do implementation and customization of this. For this point we have the skills and during the last couple of years, we actually went down with the solutions for – and corporations and it’s changing us. And we’re investing a lot in advancing and modernization technologies for legacy systems and we have some progress – visible progress there as well. So now, we actually can optimize from end to end and that’s becoming bigger portion of our business but still on the development and very highly engineering customization points of view, not on managing or maintaining the legacy stock or [indiscernible].
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, during the previous calls, we kind of touched on this and our message was that we’re not trying to create a separate line of business, which is consulting, rather than create integrated solution then from advising to delivering and optimizing actually the end result. And this is still to go. So, it’s very difficult. We don’t have even like specific headcount on consulting is – pure consulting services, because it’s more like attribute of multiple professionals in EPAM which play in specific roles and specific engagements. So very difficult to answer questions with metrics and so on because we’re measuring and trying to measure this on the end results. The number of people in market increasing but – and we play in to increase, how this will impact the margin, so in general, profitably on end market – margins on end market people, a little bit lower than our global delivery centers from our point of view. As the same time, the consultative behavior and consultative type of engagement growing and we are seeing that some of this is bringing us different marginality of the clients, because we are getting whole year engagements. We can advise and we can actually work with clients in a very different manner. So, we do see that it’s not going to impact our margin in a long time, but investment is necessary and our kind of guidance is what we are communicating right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. I think it’s kind of two questions. In reality, it is exactly overlapping and one thing for us because the challenges coming from – and clearly there is multiple challenges in Q1 – just confirmation of this trend over different quarters because we have it constantly, but what I talking about – about some challenges coming from the new type of services which we bring from our internal disruption going to some areas where we not necessarily know all answers. And as – almost as a rule, when clients don’t know the answers as well, otherwise they wouldn’t be coming to us. And it’s great challenge is how to do new type of projects, new type of engagement with new type of capabilities. And with our organic kind of internal disruption and bringing new capabilities through acquisitions, we’re creating opportunities to go to this unknown situation and test new type of ideas and solutions and services. And that’s what I was kind of referring to earlier today.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I cannot give you like specific numbers, but it’s definitely increasing pretty rapidly the type of deals come to us where it’s a critical transformational effort or initiative from the client base, like 3, 4 years ago it was single. Now, probably we participate in dozens of this type of engagement.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, probably penetration with this type of service is pretty deep. So it’s – again we’re not giving specific numbers, but it’s way over 50% of our business, like probably closer to 70%, 80%, and type of people, we interact broadening but it’s still a lot of interaction with IT people, because actually the companies it’s serious about is involving IT operation in cooperation with business and with digital leadership working together. So I think we’re seeing more and more different characters on client side, but IT is still driving a big portion of this because complex platforms without technology practically impossible to deliver.
Arkadiy Dobkin: No, I think on separation there is nothing new here. So we’re indicating multiple times with a structure of this and I think it continues to be the same. It’s slightly increasing in our case and short presence, new contracts come in with better rates. So this promotion inside of the existing contracts because of accumulated experience of our people, and that’s practically the same growth proportion from revenue which we’ve seen. And the second question was about challenges as far as sourcing...
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, we don’t have any easier way to do it. So we still – it’s still very tough market and investments in training, investment in people, in retention, in allocation, very important, plus clearly the type of interesting deals which we run and bringing us opportunity to attract more talented components of the workforce.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it’s approximately it’s very difficult sometimes to qualify what is new engagement or not, especially in the modern this platform, build out, because it’s usually extension of something which you were doing before. But I don’t think there is any shift in this. There is new initiative still and there is continuation of kind of large sub-components of the platform development, and most of this all connect it as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We ensure it will be very kind of quickly resolve client concentration, and we don’t think there is any danger that even if one client will go down, we wouldn’t be able to handle it or a couple of clients. And historically, that’s exactly what’s happening multiple times during the last 5 years, 6 years, so never impacted our overall growth. So, unless the broader economic changes somewhere, we feel free pretty confident.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It might be combination of this. So, because some banks going through insourcing conveys so and we’re hearing about it for a very long time, at the same time even our big banks while not necessarily very optimistic part of the story, it is pretty kind of control story for us at this point. But what exactly driving this, it’s very difficult to answer, because we don’t have direct answers as well when we’re asking this question.
Arkadiy Dobkin: My answer probably would be a little bit funny, but if you think it’s every everything is temporary and we saw so many changes like during the last year. So, it always was going some clients were going down and then going up. I’m pretty sure that Brexit is not a permanent thing. Life will make some changes, replacement and demand will come back. Is it going to be slowed down for 6 months or 18 months, that’s all, I don’t know, or maybe not at all impact.
Arkadiy Dobkin: With all respect to EPAM and to Luxoft, I don’t think that creates any impact on the overall recruitment situation across Europe. So, because it’s a much bigger ecosystem. I think in general, it’s still challenging and we bring in all our auctions about where we’re going, where we recruit, how are we doing this? We play in kind of assumption that it would be real challenge. So, and I don’t think situation with Luxoft changes the labor market in anyway.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, and also, the risk consolidation in [indiscernible] is well. So, some big companies by getting in different groups, and that’s happening with us as well, which is creating potentially several clients with difference strategy growing on us. But I don’t think consolidation was an issue for us so far.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you for joining us today. So just to summarize, I think it should be clear from this call that with all the noises happening around us, which is nothing new and practically constant, we do feel pretty strong about the year and I think Q1 confirming this. And see you next quarter. Thank you.
