Ilya Cantor: Hi Moshe, yes -- this is Ilya. We made 2 acquisitions in 2012 that are North America in particular. And what that does is that it has the impact of driving our effective tax rate. In particular, the acquisition of Empathy Labs that we made in December of 2012 pushes our tax rate from what we saw in 2012 of 17.3% to close to 20%, and the acquisition made in Toronto in May of 2012 also has a much more smaller impact but yet it does have an impact. So this is why we're projecting a higher tax rate because North American acquisitions tend to drive the effective tax rate. I should say -- and as I said in the script, we do get a real cash tax benefit because both of those acquisitions were asset purchases rather than stock purchases. Unfortunately, the effective tax rate we'll report on the P&L does not get recognition of that tax benefit.
Ilya Cantor: So, let me just preface this by saying that first of all, the acquisition of Thoughtcorp, the Canadian consultancy in May of 2012, is almost fully integrated. The acquisition of Empathy Labs in December, it is well underway in terms of integration. The -- one of the main strategies in doing these 2 acquisitions was that we could supplement their front-end, their consulting expertise, their on-site with our global delivery platform to where 1 and 1 make 3. So with that, Thoughtcorp is almost entirely insipid [ph]. It's close to impossible to break out, on a standalone basis, the revenue contribution for Thoughtcorp either in '12 or '13. And with Empathy Labs, it is likewise very difficult. We've already started [indiscernible] joint projects where we have our people working on their customers. We have their people helping out our customers. It's getting very, very, very diffuse if you will. But what we can say is particularly look -- it will help if you guys look at our estimates for Q1 of 2013, if that's up against an easy comp in Q1 of 2012 where there was no impact of those 2 acquisitions. What we can say is, those 2 acquisitions combined did approximately $7 million in Q1 of 2012, so before they were acquired. So hopefully that gives you a kind of like a way to help figure out at least the relative materiality of these. Again, the broad intent to make these acquisitions is the thing that makes it very difficult to split out going forward.
Ilya Cantor: We continue to reinvest into the business and we're consistent with what we said before. We're continuing to invest in putting more specialized, more experienced resources on-site next to our clients in order to drive future revenue growth. Second, we continue to invest in our competency [ph] centers to make sure that we can offer our existing clients the most cutting-edge technologies possible, as well as to make sure that we can use these technologies and increased our [ph] efforts. And therefore, again, drive for the revenue growth. There's a third dimension, part of the investment is that you maintain a slightly bigger bench going into 2013, we're probably 100 basis points to 200 basis points below our normal range. That's part of the reinvestment. This is to train people. And as part of the initiative again, we're investing in the business to drive future revenue growth.
Ilya Cantor: Again, we don't give guidance to margins. I mean, we feel pretty good about 2013. It's another good normal year.
Ilya Cantor: We look at it as a steady state for the foreseeable future. If we do make further acquisitions in North America then that does tend to have a negative impact on the stated effective tax rate, although again the cash tax rates benefits we -- we continue to somehow make these asset purchases and that's a pretty huge benefit in cash terms. But also, if you -- the benefits that we have from acquisition, from Empathy Labs for instance, their on-site rates blended with our offshore rates. This is going to help us in terms of overall yields. Whether that's going to fall this side of the border or that side of the border we still have to sort out and it depends on the engagement, right? So it's hard to say. So for now, we're going to stick with 20%.
Ilya Cantor: It's hard to say right now what's going to happen. We don't know beyond what we've been told. Right now it's relatively stable. We actually we're able to put through a pretty decent rate increase because as you know we have this client had been with us for 12 or 13 years, and therefore had some of the lower rates. So we think that's a pretty good vote of vote of confidence for the type of skills sets that they're using and need to use in the future. But we can't obviously talk to what they're going through internally which drives some of the stuff.
Ilya Cantor: Actually, probably, some of the decline that you mentioned relates to the client we just talked about with David. But we still see -- actually just to give you a sense of the impact of this large client had on our business. In terms of Business Information & Media, we reported for the full year that it's was down slightly. It'd be up 29%, if you exclude entirely the impact of this client. For the quarter instead of down 9.8%, Business Information & Media segment would be up 34%. In terms of the top 5, I don't have it with and without, but we think actually the top 5 in 2012, the contribution for year-on-year growth from top 5, it was 25.5% and that's fairly good. From top 10, it was 29.1%. To us, that's -- well, we grew 30%. So this is fairly good as well. So besides this -- our client, which we keep talking about. We feel fairly good about everyone else in our top 10 accounts --that
Ilya Cantor: Ashwin and I would say that we see -- we don't, we don't see much change. It's is very similar to what it was before. And there is no any visible slow down for us right now. So basically that's what we were repeated during the last previous quarters, and I think it's true right now as well.
Ilya Cantor: It's difficult to say whether its margins are going to be 16.2%, 15.5%, 17.8%, we're going to be around that range but we're continuing to reinvest into the business. And it may fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. We're focusing on running the business the way the business should be run and you may see fluctuations quarter-to-quarter even year-to-year. But again the intent is to drive further revenue growth.
Ilya Cantor: Obviously it's difficult or impossible to project future currency moves, otherwise I would be in that line of business. But looking at 2012 say versus 2011, we did have roughly $5.5 million to $6 million negative impact on revenues. In other words, revenue growth would have been even higher by about 130 basis points, I think. However, as we said before and as reaffirmation of the statement, the impact on margins, it has actually been positive even though the impact of revenues have been negative. So we think our mix continues to provide us with relatives certainty now. This is not an absolute guarantee that this point to happen in the future. But we continue to look at this month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter, we discussed it with the board. We think our value at risk is manageable at this time. So we're not going to hedge in the near future higher or if continue to accumulate more and more, say euro-based, ruble-based or pound-based revenues which would tip the scales to a level that we find unacceptable then we will contemplate then turning to hedges. But at this time, no.
Ilya Cantor: I think the seasonal pattern we had before should probably hold true. Obviously, you have to be careful with percentages, right? Because look at Q4 of 2012 that's going to be a tough comp, as you had an extra $8 million of revenues and there are stuff that doesn't necessarily recur. So we should have a good steady [indiscernible] percentage growth in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 it's going to be a little bit below to come up to that 23%, 25% target.
Ilya Cantor: Alexander, so on fixed fees, I think it's not constantly increasing. What we're seeing is that roughly 85%-15% split. We think that’s within the normal range of time and materials versus fixed fees, now you may see a couple of hundred bps here and there. When we get into new clients or new significant projects, typically it's on the fixed fee basis. When we prove ourselves, the client themselves tend to convert the contract type to time and material, essentially letting us guide the engagement and therefore it becomes more of a recurring stable revenue scheme, even though the underlying work is project-based. So sort of the nominal fluctuations you see in fixed fees versus T&M, to us are not meaningful, or at least not indicative of some adverse trend. On your second question about gross margins, again, not to sort of restate the things we've said before about reinvesting into the business for future revenue growth, business that's growing 23%, 25%, 30%, we're going to continue to invest into the business. On your third question about headcount growth, there's a lot of dependencies there probably. If we are going by 23% to 25%, we think roughly 15% headcount growth would be in the ballpark. So hopefully that answers your questions.
Ilya Cantor: We typically cannot comment on any M&A in the pipeline but obviously since -- ever since the time we went public and one of the reasons for going public is to get the higher profile and the currency for M&A. We have been literally deluged with inbound M&A inquiries. So we're in a good high-class position to be able to be selective about that acquisition that we do make. As evidenced by the 2 really good acquisitions we made in 2012. And so we're going to continue to look to do those kinds of acquisitions in the future.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Moshe, listen, we kept to like to see what's happening around us right now. We see a lot of demands for new type of technologies. Like clients are actually, why we're growing so much because clients rely on us to do some work which we know the company is going to do. We -- we're growing clearly faster than the general electrical company in our segment. And to do this, we have to differentiate ourselves from skills. We have very good base [ph] on this, we've talked about it many times from in the past about our focus on may I see [ph] and how it's helping us. But at the same technology changes so fast and some demand for understanding specific businesses require from us doing the work. We're doing this because we do believe that at some point it would give us better rates and better margins. But when this right going for negotiation or getting this record happened, we don't know. So that's why you're asking what would we be doing in the next couple of years? We're going to grow, that's what we can say. We're going to focus on specific technology, et cetera, which we've highlighted. That's what we can say. We do believe that it would give us advantage against competitors. When that happening this year or the next year that's what we can kind of tell you. And we will adjust our projections like at each quarter versus what you've see quarter. This is the best we can do right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: David, as a G&A equation -- like, this number is approximately flat, the relative numbers. But if you think about the -- I can give you kind of explanation which is probably difficult to quantify, but we were talking about the history of the company where everyone was focusing so much on engineering coming from certain ISVs for a long time. And that's what we were sharing for the last year when we become probably public that we need to invest a lot in sales structure, in account management structure, because that's a component of EPAM which is way underdeveloped over the years. The same like pro forma HR and recruitment infrastructures as well. So we're growing very fast. As you know like before this year, we were growing 2 years for -- by 50% and that's only happening based on our reputation and our technology advanced skills. So we're clearly going to different -- a little bit different space right now where our vertical industries starting to drive. And where relationship of these clients should be done very differently. So we are investing a lot in account management, sales and human resources and recruitment. And it's all coming to SG&A. So for some time, it would be kind of growing particularly in line with the company. Again, we do believe that it will bring benefits later on. When it's exactly would be happening, so we will talk to you again. [indiscernible] Adjusted by quarter-by-quarter. And this topic you know, is we discussed this with everybody, because everybody was questioning how fast we can grow using new sales. So we invest here and to existing clients as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So clearly that, that is changing. We're going to first off all, it's still more than around 90% of our business coming from the clients, which we already create within the previous 12 months, and this is probably pretty typical for our business. So there is still a big number of referrals, and I don't want to excuse it Darrin, we're actually proud it's happening. At the same time, we're seeing a lot of pickup in our channel sales where, like -- we were talking about how ISV influenced generally [indiscernible] business and how some clients from ISV and a specific technology and solutions which we helped them to develop, creating a channel for us and it is a growing size of the company to be coming much more available partner for large software and technology companies. We're seeing this growth in e-Commerce space and Business Intelligence space, which is openings for us doors to large corporates, and then you can see the sales multiple line of services which will where working on. So this is happening much more than it happened just 12 months ago. And the directs sales also is starting to work more effectively but we still have a long way to go to, to be a really good there.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And as you know, we were working a little bit like it's difficult to compare us with much bigger companies We're competing for different type of deals. We have different entrance points and I think it's actually differentiate us because we're doing a little bit different type of work than most of our regularized competitors.
Arkadiy Dobkin: But also when bring in new people on board there is an approximately 50-50 split between people coming from what it is like, more doing is less and people coming from the market and it's -- when you put in projections for the next year, it's driving a lot of our understanding, what would be not in the next quarter or 2, what would be in the next 9 or 12 months. That's why this number could be adjusted during the year because we're investing for this 50% of the people, we invest in a lot schemes -- specific trainings. So this number will be fluctuate during the year.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think, actually, I'll repeat myself from the previous calls. But I would like to bring again the attention that we're doing a little bit different type of work. The financial services we're outsourcing is [indiscernible] and that's why even if some companies say in the news that financial services might be going down. In our case is actually taken still growing even in a fled-budget situation. Some of the clients in this space shared this asset when we entered this segment like 4, 5 years ago and had almost 0 revenue, of the competitors had like used to count with million from one client. And today we're actually on par in the same budgets. So basically they decrease, and we are increasing. So I think focus on specific [indiscernible] conflicts, development plus in some situation, be in Europe, which is advantage for European capital market and [indiscernible] systems given this advantage. And right now, it's in pretty strong demand for the services. So you should expect similar growth.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you, everybody, for attending our call today. So I would sum up that we do believe that we achieved our goals for 2012 and we're pretty confident that we can continue our growth momentum in 2013. We still going to invest a lot in improving our technologies, capabilities because we do think it's one of the main differentiating factor in our segment. We can do better and more complex work than most of our competitors. So we're going to look for organic and non-organic opportunities to do this, to expand our scope of services, complement technical expertise and entering new markets. So it's all in our plans. So I look forward talking to you next quarter and provide the next update. Thank you very much.
