Arkadiy Dobkin: So, you know it’s very difficult to [indiscernible] micro kind of changes. It still seems like for us, in line with what we’ve seen before maybe in 6 or 12 months from now we’ll be able to evaluate it better. But right now I think we’re having similar environments that you had before.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So definitely impacting engineering productivity and predictability of quality of delivering solutions. And we talked pretty regularly about our kind of [indiscernible] experience to build professional software products and this is one of the components which allow us to differentiate ourselves. So, it’s a pure differentiation of quality of final deliverables. And with this new kind of growing complexity of the digital solutions, it’s a very important component of being on target.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, I think it’s kind of a regular process with optimization of the teams and finding the best opportunities where we can utilize that talent. So, when necessary, there is definitely a rotation of the projects and there is some rotation or some movement to [indiscernible] geographies but it’s pretty minor in our environment. So basically, we optimize in team composition and again internal project rotations that’s part of our model. Moving people from one geography to another, it’s more on exceptional basis.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we have for our environment for our size and for the type of services which we provide and we have optimal goal at least that’s our opinion right now. It’s very difficult to compare these larger vendors especially not only because of the size, but because of the portfolio of services they provide into.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And when you’re looking at facts which is complement, it it’s still a reflection of a stronger economy in comparison with couple years ago because oil prices went up so basically kind of went up more business layer as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, we mention this because it’s part of our kind of as other emergence verticals right now. So, we didn’t have much business in this segment probably 24 months ago. Now it is a growing, and this is mostly Europe and Asia.
Arkadiy Dobkin: When you grow and it’s always taken share from other vendors, but again it’s relatively insignificant right now. Probably it would be better to talk like in 12 months or even late to understand.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it is a pretty simple answer because like in financial services it all of us was very EGK specifically on workers and a lot of big systems which were supposed to be have to be supported there. So, we all of us when we were talking about our line of services weren’t it was a legacy component or some kind of traditional maintenance component. It is pretty small. And right now for example, and we talked today about it, all year delivering mostly on digital side so the type of new engagement systems for financial services like wealth management is a good example of this and this was one of our good business. So, it’s mostly a growing area for us even today.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I also mentioned already today that we do believe that it’s a very strong article and we have big opportunity there. While it’s still smaller for us and volatility is much bigger than other segments, like couple accounts, couple engagements could actually impact quarterly results. So, what we are very optimistic on this one. And we’ve seen a lot of opportunities in business for us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Definitely is a decisive engagement is growing. So, while we still have we still have kind of like approach where we sometimes starting from a relatively small engagement and then getting in different areas. You can see it also from rate of growth and the level of the rate of kind of concentration of our clients. But it’s definitely bigger and bigger deals we participate in right now. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think is unhealthy. We use it to do this to clients to be sure we work in less than 12 months. But the speed of growth will bring them probably to 20 or so to top the counts for us in 2018.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, as I mentioned already we rather watch what’s happening and we’ll try to predict the market. So, I think again while are growing fast we are still a relatively small player in this in this segment and I don’t think it’s impacting us one way or another significantly. So, on UBS we gave some color on what program on what program we are on and how successful there. And as we mentioned last time, it is stable account for us right now and we have on line with expectations which we had.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Well during the last call, we were talking about Liberty Global and how we grow in these diverse programs. But with a lot of new things happening there how we felt on innovation side of the business as well. So that would be true for both accounts in this in this segment. I don’t think it would be growing fast growing right now, but it probably will be above company grows for some time.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Difficult to listen to what I mentioned already and or kind of answer in as well, so it’s still small sector for us. We have some two account which we finished some programs, but we do believe that it would go back and probably will be growing at least through speed or the rest of the company in the next 12 to 18 months.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Like you wish us for over six years carefully. So, there is always something changing in the management and in respect of our 24 feet. And you mentioned this question about sales was a favorite for a long time. And we do believe that we have great opportunities in our client base and we’ve target in sales actually how to penetrate this, while again about 10% of business came in from new loggers today. So, I don’t know how in couple sentences to actually answer, but there are definitely improvements in this area and a lot of us came in and growth supported while we were like four times bigger than we were six years ago or something like that. So, I don’t know what else to say.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Let me answer differently, I think the sales model to deliver good quality services is the best sales model. We definitely extended in the number of people in business development function, but I think it’s actually driven by the quality of delivery and reputation is probably the most reliable. So, to be fair then it’s my job for our business development people too. So, we’re focusing on quality, we’re focusing on the capabilities this is number one.
Arkadiy Dobkin: What we’re seeing in the market right now that anything related to automation is becoming very very hard. And there are a lot of companies being in on this very seriously and this type of engagements are starting to show up all over the place. So, I think it’s interesting they really didn’t prove probably completely return on investment, but there are a lot of companies here. With Blockchain, is still probably much more in the beginning a lot of hopes, but initial experimentation and yeah. 
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. We were running this higher than before because probably the scale of the company improved and we’re trying to understand what actually optimal and what’s possible from this point of view. So, we will see that we can and we kind of talked about that result - it would be possible to increase we definitely will increase. But we are not going to do it in the exchange of the quality of delivery or preparedness of our teams to do that type of work in it. And so, our best efforts would be to keep it higher than before I came on the situation of the workforce. We also mentioned during the last couple years that like four, five years ago we didn’t have any iteration so in delivery centers outside of Eastern Europe. We’re investing a lot right now in India. We investing in China, we have a center in Mexico right now. So, diversification is happening.  Proportion of resources like five six years ago as Bellerose was by far the biggest, now is very, very different. And this is a big increase in Central Europe between well and in Hungary right now as well. So, if the situation is happening all the time we continuously see and would what could be done better in this area.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you and we are pleased with our results in 2017. The core of our growth continue to be defined by our ability to deliver the complex programs. So as we mentioned the focus on the quality of our capabilities and that should drive everything else. This year I would like thank to all our 25,000 people globally for helping to make happening what’s happening right now. And thank you for today’s call and talk to you in three months. Thank you.
Jason Peterson: Certainly, we continue to see strong growth in the market and expect to continue to deliver greater than 20% annual revenue growth. And so, as long as those conditions exist I think you can look at the profitability that we’re delivering in this - in the guide for obviously 2018, is in the 16% to 17% range.  Certainly, where we operate in 2018, we visit it over time if growth rates ever change. But right now, continue to invest in the business. And in 2018 expect to deliver between 16% and 17% adjusted IFO.
Jason Peterson: And the guidance that we have for 2018 also is organic. So, if we were to announce anything in the future it would [indiscernible]. 
Jason Peterson: Thanks. Yeah. So, you know we continue to see strong demand and so we clearly are hiring for that demand. What we have sort of talked about is that, we are running a pretty high utilization at this point and I think 78.8% for Q4 and talked about that utilization level coming down slightly over time. So yeah that would reflect the fact that we do intend to be doing some additional hiring to support our revenue growth. One of the benefits of running a slightly lower utilization level is it does give you more opportunity to support upticks in demand. And so, the upside to that is that, you got some additional sourcing available for unexpected customer demand. But generally, the slightly lower utilization does have some impact on gross margins and that part of what drove the guidance for Q1.
Jason Peterson: So, from a pricing standpoint I think that we’ve got - we have opportunities in pricing in part because of the demand and a scarcity of resources in the marketplace. And as we talked in the past we do get annual increases across a significant subset of our top customers. So, there are some opportunities from a pricing standpoint if you - sort of talking about gross margin more broadly. Programs like Ark talked about in terms of like university program that brings you know additional levels of [indiscernible] resources into the company also helps from a pyramid standpoint and are supportive of gross margin kind of management and improvement.
Jason Peterson: I think what we’re guiding to is profitability remaining reasonably consistent. What we think that we’ll see is - we’ve talked about is utilization declining slightly, at the same time we think that we will see some greater efficiency in SG&A. And what you refer to as SG&A leverage.  So, we’re comfortable with being able to deliver 16% to 17% adjusted IFO, while growing the business rapidly and giving ourselves the opportunity to support increments in demand.
Jason Peterson: But it’s something that we do revisit overtime and there’s always this balance between making certain that you’ve got resources available to support sort of upticks in demand And then of course not having - not kind of over-hiring. So, there’s a fine balance there.
Jason Peterson: Sure. On the CIS front, I just kind of several things. So, while we had a strong movable between obviously Q4 of ‘16 and Q4 ‘17, just got appreciation sort of and increases in revenue growth by foreign exchange. The other thing that was we actually had some timing of revenue recognition in Q4 for two financial services clients, who had sort of an uptick in revenue that in part was due to sort of timing of revenue recognition, so extremely high-level growth that we saw in CIS countries between Q4 ‘16 and ‘17 is not what I would expect on the go forward basis, but at the same time we still see good revenue growth there and continues to be a nice piece of our business.
Jason Peterson: So clearly, it’s something that we’re were regularly monitoring. I would say that the wage inflation is still what I would call relatively modest. There may have been a little bit of an uptick in 2017 but we feel that it’s something that we’re able to manage. And again, if I think about gross margin, it’s got multiple components. One is the ability to price which we talked about in the earlier - one of the earlier questions. And we do see some opportunities from pricing standpoint as the ability to manage the pyramid and Ark talked about that and his opening response where we’re bringing in additional university students and also sort of a customer mix. And so, we feel comfortable with our ability to continue to manage.
Jason Peterson: And so, again our growth relative to maybe some of the others in the market as Ark said, we got substantial growth in wealth and asset management both with existing and new customers. So very much the kind of digital transformation and we have very limited exposure to what you would call the traditional sort of keep the lights on business which maybe is a more challenging kind of stream. So that said our legacy is never been a significant part of our revenue stream.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. So that’s fair. Continue to use some stock as an element of our compensation and retention, but I don’t think you really see any significant change there in our guidance in 2019 which may be seeing is that as our share price appreciates you know that does have an impact on the fully diluted shares and that calculation. So maybe that’s kind of what we’re showing up from a couple allocation standpoint. We’re going to continue to do is to focus our cash on inorganic strategy and you know we are active and I think you’ll see us be more active in 2018. So, I think for the most part that’s where you will see cash deployed. There isn’t a plan right now to begin using the cash for buybacks, but it’s certainly - we are revisiting our capital allocation strategy. And I things could change overtime but clearly in the coming year we’re very focused on our organic strategy.
Jason Peterson: And at the same time, we continue to be highly diverse range of customers. So as Ark said, we’re you know we’re growing our engagements with large customers which is a significant source of our growth. But we continue to be very diversified across our customer base and very diversified across the industries we work in.
Jason Peterson: Sure, it’s always from a foreign exchange assumptions for the most part, what we used for development of our guidance was partly from probably early, and so rather than trying to sort of forecast rates or what the impact might be in the future you would generally use kind of spot rates and of course we’ve seen strong or Euro and Pound and Ruble appreciation between 2016 and 2017 and early 2018. And in part that’s what you see driving that or we feel would tailwind foreign exchange. From the standpoint of the profitability range, when we got to the second half of 2017 we did narrow range of 16% to 17%. And so, this is not really a change from that. And I think what it just kind of reflects is where we think we’ll operate inside of 2018 and so we’re not guiding to what we think could happen in 2019, but just it’s a reflection of where we think we’ll operate as we continue to drive you know high top line growth. So finally, from the standpoint of I guess the tax reform you know we looked at obviously a significant entry in Q4 that’s not - that doesn’t impact the cash flow. Again, we will need to effectively make payments over a year time period. With their early years the 8% of that total and then it gets higher overtime particularly in the last three years. And so, I don’t think you’ll see a significant impact on cash flow for us. The only thing is that you know it does give you more flexibility now to sort of money that we have in various non-U.S. sort of geographies and we’ll be sort of revisiting that and that gives us some of that money back into the U.S. and Western Europe to support our inorganic strategy.
Jason Peterson: I think from my perspective as one of the new entrants you know is that we continue to grow with the right customers who work with us and add one account or move to another job and then oftentimes they bring which I think is both high praise and also a great source of our growth.
Louis Miscioscia: Thank you. Just first a clarification I think consensus for EPS for 2018 is around $4.17. Obviously in the press release you’ve given guidance that’s below that. Would you say that your guidance is just being conservative or maybe just an explanation of why EPS is not growing as fast as revenue? And then I have a follow up if possible.
Louis Miscioscia: Okay, then tighten to the follow up question, when you look at utilization, a lot of other IT service companies maybe ones that are bigger than you, a few years ago had utilization levels at the same level that you had and basically, they switch things around and just actually start to get utilization more into the 80s. So, is there any chance to rethink that? And not exactly sure how operationally to do it but, others have. So just wondering if the goal should be higher there? Thank you.
Louis Miscioscia: This is your question for our follow up. So obviously we were hearing a lot about block chain automation robotic process automation AI. If you could just maybe comment is what you’re really seeing out there in the sense of a lot of your clients engaging with you with these new types of technologies. Or is it real just still very embryonic and not really kicking into high gear yet in a meaningful portion of revenue? Thank you. 
