Arkadiy Dobkin: Those seven engagements we mentioned this is all new clients. So are they willing to translate to really large relationship, it's too early to say. But, as I mentioned, couple of them definitely have the potential. No, these engagements are not impacting our top 10.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Ashwin, I would say that we have three other large banks, which became clients during the last 18, 24 months and we've grown with all of them at this point. So basically we're starting from pretty low point, but at this specific time all of them are growing fast.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don't think we can add additional colors on what you are asking. So at this point we continue to grow in this sector. I think for significant portion of what we do there it's driven by this digital type of engagements, which we see very good level of demand. So, again, we clearly cannot guarantee that any hiccups are not going to happen in the future, but at this point we cannot share the same sentiments as some other players.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Well it's still very early. It's kind of practically only one quarter in play. At the same time, we've several engagements where EPAM India is starting to serve EPAM clients. So there is already preparations, there are opportunities in pre-sales state right now. So, it's started to happen in, as we expected, but again it's very, very volatile to mention. But the reason why we brought India to EPAM map was -- we very clearly indicated that global clients need different type of services in different time zones and this is starting to benefit us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Let me think on this small idea, and this is probably what you are asking about, competition growing from not our head-to-head traditional competitors. So and if answering this question broadly then, yes, we're seeing competition coming from all possible corners, like people who didn't participate in this more complicated deals, after some acquisitions and investments trying to play there. But again, at this level of digitalization, I would say that the market is so big and the demand is so big, and quality requirements is pretty high for delivering this that I don't think we can say that the market drastically changed for us. Specifically a lot of this -- in many cases approach is okay. We bring in like this agency type of capabilities to traditional system integrators -- integration company or bring in like some type of technology to traditional agency and trying to compete for the complex deals, which require not just creativity, but very, very strong engineering components. And from this point of view, at least how we feel, we still have advantage and it's very difficult to do it through couple acquisitions. We are bringing creative together with generally IT services, not software development services, not software engineering services. So everybody trying to play there and everybody moving in this direction. But, again, don't think it's important market yet.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, as we mentioned, it is a significant growth, but we do not provide any split and specific number. So I don't think I can answer precisely to the question. Specifically and this is very difficult to answer precisely, because it's some type of engagement, which is triggering other type of engagements and the separation line is very wide. Some companies very clearly separating this. It's interesting to know how it's happening. But we're not ready yet for that.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. That's what I chatted already about. I don't simply go into position EPAM India very differently from EPAM in general. There are some specific areas of expertise, like we mentioned when we announced the deal about very strong test capabilities and specifically test automation capabilities. Clearly that's improving our competence in this area. But in general, also we were sharing that we were looking for kind of company which would be in line with type of services EPAM provided. And from this point of view, we are not going to separate it too much from the type of work again. Would separation could be? Yes, there is convenience from time zone, from locations, and again, couple of specialization areas, but it would be very much integrated part of EPAM global delivery.
Arkadiy Dobkin: That's still clearly we are talking about three months, four months working together, it is too early. So you understand that it's impossible to change rates for existing clients. And we're working together on changing kind of these assumptions and bringing different capabilities together, but I don't think it's going to be so up within one or two or three quarters.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So the total size of the life science and healthcare area right now is close to around $100 million. So, a bigger portion of this sitting inside of life science segment with large pharma companies where we have very interesting differentiating expertise around R&D, IT. And what we're trying to do, we're trying to benefit from this expertise, but extend across more general markets and in markets and sales, iterations of pharma companies with our offerings. But also trying to find a good overlay between life sciences and healthcare providers, on both providers and payers sides, like with all growing demand for engagement of patients and engagement of the doctors, which in our belief, creating certain opportunity how to utilize our skills in 4,000 digital engagement platforms, which we build up, working with consumer media and business information companies and have the appliances to this industry segment. So that's what we're trying to do.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We are growing slowly our self-capabilities. I think our -- again, we talked about it right now, we probably have already big enough group. Last, it's very tightly overlapping with clients' management accounts, management and industry expert groups. So I think we are having good progress on this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think by this point we are already practically in all reasonable markets. Yes, in some of them we have very insignificant footprint in comparison to total EPAM and in comparison specifically to some of the competitors. But we really growing practically across all our development centers. We are still growing in Eastern Europe and we are considering growing in APAC region, specifically because some revenue opportunities there and we need to have much more sizable development pool right in the region. As I mentioned, with the India operation, we have still kind of flown in and seeing how to do it better, but we definitely are planning to grow in this region too. So it's across all regions.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I mentioned that it's during the last 24 months we have three potentially large clients, it's a European bank, but some of them with global -- very light global footprint as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it went to pretty low base, so it is stabilization from this point of view. I think ruble situation is a little bit helping as well. And between these two it's kind of firm, but it's -- again it's very proportionately small footprint right now. So even one or two mid-sized deals can influence right now the growth in the region. So I wouldn't read too much to this at this point.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It's a combination of all of this. Some of them moving to us from competitors, some of them with new initiatives, and for some of them it's very new initiative. Some of them have already good experience. So fixed assets and no fixed assets. So, all of the play.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And it's difficult to say that it's more easy to predict what's happening in Europe versus North America right now, especially in North America, as well for U.S. and Canada, and nothing perfect right now anyway.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think I mentioned something between these lines, mostly on the general statement, which you were asking before. There are general concerns, there are potential macroeconomic pressure across Europe and North America and with all things which happen in -- as we know what's happened in Europe and what's -- election campaign in U.S. So it all can put in additional pressure practically on all clients. What we say, despite of all of this, with our focus on specific subset on the market, it's not really impacting us. That was what I wanted to express, so I am sorry if it was confusing.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you everybody for participating today. Again, it was a good quarter in our view, and we're looking forward to talking to you in three months. Thank you very much.
Anthony Conte: Yes. We always expect to see some up tick as we move through the year. You remember Q1 is our tightest quarter on margins, revenue is usually not sequentially up very much from Q4. Utilization, as you probably can see in the fact sheet, did drop a little bit versus Q1 of last year and versus Q4, mainly due to -- we have a short February, we have holidays in January. So, we always feel our margins squeeze in Q1 and this year it was about 0.4% a little bit more of a squeeze, but nothing dramatic that we're concerned about. We will see up tick as we move through the year.
Anthony Conte: Correct. Yes. It's looking like $0.06, $0.07 of the impact in Q2, so it's already baked into my guidance number.
Anthony Conte: Well, first off, top two are no longer financial services. I mean UBS remains our top, but Barclays is actually not number two any longer. So they've kind of stayed level as other people have grown around them. So that has changed. As far as outlook around financial services, we don't really have any new information to share with you. It's a consistent story with what we shared last time. I know that the market, there has been a lot of news around financial services, but at this point we're not seeing it. We're not hearing it. We're not only feeling it within our numbers. So we remain --
Anthony Conte: Cash flow from operations, it's consistent with what I shared at the last call. Basically, I'm expecting cash flow from operations to be at the levels it was at in 2014. We took a little bit of a dip last year, down to about $75 million. I expect to get it up over $100 million for fiscal 2016.
Anthony Conte: You could do that roughly, David. I mean unfortunately not all of the adjustments get a tax benefit. So the way I've calculated this is actually going in and reflecting the true tax deduction that we get. And it does change and it has changed over the years. I think the net benefit for the current year was actually more like 22%, 23% benefit off the adjustments. And as you go back to history, it will change and as it goes forward, we're hoping to get more and more benefit. So I'll have to update you as we move forward. But I gave you -- for the full year, it's about $12.6 million is the benefit for the full year, and it should be about $2.5 million to $2.7 million per quarter of tax effect through 2016.
Anthony Conte: The stock comp charge will fluctuate, because we do have liability treatment for a few of the acquisitions, plus this year's grant included some cash settled RSUs which also have a liability treatment. So there will be a little bit of volatility, but that was baked into my stock comp guidance. So we've made some estimations on where the stock price will go and how that would be reflected. So if you use the guidance I gave you for stock comp at the beginning of the year, we're still holding to that guidance.
Anthony Conte: It was $55 million, was about $14 million per quarter for Q2, Q3 and Q4. We saw a little bit of a break in Q1. It came in about $1.6 million lower than we expected in Q1, primarily because of where the stock price went in the mark-to-market. I'm not changing my forward look, simply because I want to maintain some of that in there for future volatility. I'm optimistic on our stock price obviously. So I want to keep the $14 million per quarter going out. So it will probably still be $53 million to $55 million is where I put it right now.
Anthony Conte: Well, the T&M is definitely a piece of it. It did spike -- if you look, my DSO did spike a little bit. There are a couple kind of longer payment cycles in some of our customers at the beginning of the year that are dragging out and are pushing -- kind of pushed on my unbilleds and my AR for the quarter. We're working to actively bring those down. So really, I am not overly concerned, but we've kind of re-addressed our efforts around collections within the finance there to manage that DSO back down and take care of these couple of issues that have caused the spike in this quarter.
Anthony Conte: No, Alliance really didn't have too much of an impact, it was relatively small compared to our AR and unbilled. So it was really just some longer payment cycles kind of as I discussed last time when I was trying to get kind of our hands around that and manage those payment cycles down a little bit and then a couple of just clients who had some administrative delays and caused a little bit of a drag on my unbilled this quarter.
Anthony Conte: Well, absolutely, the Q1 numbers are not going to be a new trend. The Q1 numbers are too high as we have a couple specific instances that are dragging my DSO in Q1 up, higher than I want it to be. I think that I'm still targeting as kind of a new norm to keep my AR DSO kind of in the mid 50s, call it 55-ish. And from a long-term perspective, on the unbilled DSO, I'd like to get that down to kind of the mid 80s is where I'd like to see it. So right now we closed at 94 DSO. That's much too high. But we are definitely seeing a new norm in the function of kind of extended terms where our customers are pushing us for longer payment cycles, as we become a bigger part of their expense budgets and working through their procurement channels, they're pushing us a lot more on that, where they haven't in the past. So basically, it's becoming more of a balancing act for myself, which is why we are putting more efforts around kind of collection processes and finance processes to manage that, to make sure it stays in line, but we can also make sure we work with our customers accordingly.
Anthony Conte: So on the second one, as far as billing, it's something I've thought about. I assume you mean intra-month, not intra-quarter. We do monthly billing right now and with T&M, to break it down into multiple bills in one month, quite frankly I think would fall flat with our customers. Most of our customers will actually push us for one single consolidated bill each month for, in a lot of cases, covering most of the projects, except for some of the bigger accounts where you have multiple divisions. So I think if I went to them and said, I need to break it and I am now going to send you two bills a month, that would fall a little bit flat. And I'm not sure would help a whole lot, because it would actually create two separate billing cycles a month, whereas right now we're doing one process and we're getting it out. If we break into two, that could actually create additional problems and probably not keep our customers very happy, because they have to deal with it on their side.
Anthony Conte: Well, I mean, utilization we try and keep in that 76% to 78% band, so I would expect to see it come up a little bit from where it is right now, as we move through the year. And as far as headcount growth, we were still saying headcount was going to grow somewhere in the 20% to 25% range for the year. We haven't really moved off of that guidance.
Anthony Conte: Attrition, right now, for Q1, was actually down a little bit, about 8% versus 10% that we saw last year. Wage inflation is looking like it's going to be in that 4% to 5% range as well. Most of that will hit us in Q2. From a timing perspective, that's almost seen a big up tick.
Anthony Conte: No, we don't typically break down kind of wage inflation between the two locations. We look at it really at a blended rate as well.
Anthony Conte: Well, actually, I didn't say there was a deceleration in the top accounts. I just said the accounts outside of the top 10 and top 20 are growing at a faster clip. So we're seeing -- we're not seeing any deceleration on our top accounts. UBS is not necessarily decelerating. Barclays is flat, but Barclays has been flat now for two years. So really that's not much of a change. So I don't think we were saying that we are seeing deceleration on our top accounts, I think we're just saying that the accounts outside are growing at just a much faster clip, mainly because there are new customers coming in and they are ramping faster. It's more of a function of size dynamic than whether or not traction is there.
Anthony Conte: Well, I mean, Moshe, we don't provide specific customer guidance. UBS is growing. We're still working with them quite extensively and we're seeing continued traction with that account. To a certain extent, UBS now, given the size of the account has a little bit of a -- lot of bigger numbers. And so we have grown over several years quite aggressively with them. So the trend is to see them continue to grow with us, kind of in line with company expectations. But I don't have specific growth guidance to provide on UBS.
Anthony Conte: I mean, our expectations, we don't really give, again, guidance by region, but we expect kind of all our regions to grow in line with the guidance that we've given. So we don't really provide any specific geographic guidance, but we remain optimistic on Europe, as well as North America.
Anthony Conte: I don't think we alluded to any pricing pressure. I think we're just saying we're not seeing price up ticks as we've seen in the past year. So we're still seeing some improvement on our pricing, it is just not as optimistic, because it's partially impacted.
