Arkadiy Dobkin: Hi. So first of all the acceleration exist, but it's not so huge, it's probably in line with what we were showing before but the type of work is slowly that's kind of starting to change we see this more platform demand opportunities. And we do believe we have some advantage there but it is very complex and there is a lot of demand there but kind of delivering is still challenge for us as well and that's why I was trying to explain and focusing on a lot of potential challenges we see ahead of this. And this is also like I was trying to highlight, it's on our capabilities, but it's also material decline from one point of view clients needed from another point of view clients not necessarily always ready for this. But again in short, we see the change in the kind of portfolio where more than once come in from more integrated platform lead solution. I don't know if I can bring more color to this, might just happen.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So what we qualify under others is everything we should not blow into the -- our key line of business right now but you’re right it’s growing fast and it includes for example oil gas, energy, engineering, and even telco as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, I think in longer-term we will expect more impact. But at this point consulting for us has enabled for total solutions and for us there is and we shared this in the past as well, there is no goal to bring consulting as a just separate service risk, higher margins, the goal how to help to do end-to-end solutions and help clients in our sales actually to explain ROI in advance and then focus on the things which are necessary. I think it would take some time before maturity of this whole operation would grow and we will see much big impact on our margins. There are probably some but it's very difficult to measure specifically because of we not treating consulting just as a line of business. So it's difficult to understand exactly from where the benefits or problem would begin.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we always looking for new regions, for new talents because all of us practically each time we repeat, it’s one of the key challenges for everybody in global market and we open in offices, additional offices in Europe, we’re thinking about some additional investments in locations where we have started to improve the quality of talent we can bring, how to train it, and how to bring the level which we need. But yes simple answer we look all the time.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And I would agree that it's difficult to predict how it's going to work out because it’s clearly a function of talent ability and you all know and confirm that it’s a global challenge and we will see how next quarter should work so difficult to predict.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So attrition still is the same kind of level like maybe significantly higher than the last quarter but it's mid-teens right now. So and again it's all combination of balance and wage, so you know.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. I think on utilization, we probably at the level which we’re not going to make it higher. I think it's around optimal and we would be probably if we're able to maintain at this level. Specifically, telling that we continue to grow pretty fast. So, on the model we definitely research and brainstorming what's possible to do here? But like also pointed before and I would like to point to once again the T&M is not just the model which we selected because it's easier to do. T&M is practically subject of type of work which we do in a way to go and build a new staff which dynamically changing from client side and from the client competition side and it's very difficult to turn this type of work to fixed cost or isolates because again fixed cost isolates something which very well define or you do it multiple times, you know how to predict, you know how to cut fast and this is not the type of work which we usually do. So at the same time, outcome with might be an answer for this, if there are right kind of relationship understanding and readiness not only from us but from the clients. And that's why we were talking about all we're working and creating this digital ecosystems to run ourself to be more fast and speedy and we’re trying to starting to work type of consultancy to clients as well because some of them are really like an ability to act accordingly. And I think there are some first signs that might be opportunities for us to earn more. The different models but it's still very early to say but we definitely thinking and experimenting with it right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So it would be both, we clearly we have multiple initiatives right now, how to separate this two but headcounts still would be the number of quality of engineering stuff still would be very important.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I'm not sure it's I believe since the last year, so. David it's difficult to answer the question and I'm not exactly understanding.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Question number one, good or bad it’s first of all that’s the reality and we do believe for the component of the market we should blame in is given us opportunity to potentially win more deals because we believe better prepared for this type of more complex work. But at the same time more complex work require different combination of capabilities and all of this is creating challenges as well. So we do think it’s good but it’s more challenging as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think nothing significantly changed during the quarter. It’s still very good area and it’s growing area for us but I don’t think there is any specific update over the three months which makes sense to bring it.
Arkadiy Dobkin: No, we’re working with same set of vendors. We’re choosing one of the top and we’re working with couple others. Exactly, again its landscape didn’t change in few months.
Arkadiy Dobkin: While I understand you’re asking it because it’s a very dynamic market and everything can happen but not so fast.
Arkadiy Dobkin: This is very new and clearly automation much most of you go for outcome based because it’s much easier to measure the impact and there are multiple discussions in our current deals how we’re going to do it. So that’s a very right question, that’s probably the area where we might be going out of T&M in the future much faster.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So definitely I think insurance and financial services probably champion is right now because there are a lot of fewer type of services there but it’s also related to retail as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think we’re seeing demand for more cross-functional teams and with some of them to be staffed in the market. So because of complexity of the problems not because specifically wanted people here but to deliver this complexity we need more subject expertise, more vast knowledge, more consultant skills, and very often this type of skills should be deployed in the market. So this is happening and this is a brand we’re seeing but we don’t see the brand like no global delivery and no offshore and this is still the play between all capabilities cost and scalability clearly. There are dramatical change but it would be some type of evolution to and again in our case specifically we’ve have given still only what 10%, 11% of the people in the market which is probably at least wise way than most of our competitors.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Financial services clearly is very diverse segment and I think we were telling the story of what we do on more traditional investment banking side and we also shared some successes and we continue doing this on the wealth management side and more digital type of projects. So working in financial services also incorporates for us number of clients which is more in data side for financial services. In fact smaller companies which are build in new type of banking systems and payment systems that's another segment which we’re seeing and most of this like when I’m saying banking, I’m more referring to retail banking, one line retail banking and everything around payments which is pretty interesting and growing area for us. And there are also number of services we provide for hedge funds as well. So again it’s very diverse portfolio with very different type of projects and from geography point of view as well, it’s pretty much spread across Europe and North America and Asia.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We kind of answering this already and there is no black and white answer here because from one point of view this platform build-up is a very complicated effort, starting from consultancy and going to architecture and going to silicon the right component and then put it together and what I’m trying to say that it's still in majority T&M type of job and you need like in some categories you need much more higher caliber people for this but at the same time, this high caliber people is also more expensive. So until we will see enough experience doing this and able to bring more our accelerators and some components and we're focusing on this too, it would be difficult to kind of predict what is the margin impact, it is going to be. But at the same time, it’s definitely giving us opportunity to grow fast and to support the investments which we need to do.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. Thank you, thank you everyone. So it was a good quarter, we hope to deliver a good year in three months and share this with you and also just to share that in December we’re going to celebrate our 25th year anniversary. So it’s kind of a special year for us. And I would like to thank all of our employees and clients for giving us opportunity and for investors clearly, too. Thank you very much.
Jason Peterson: Yes, I guess the only sort of subtle adder would be that we are seeing somewhat of an acceleration in new customer revenues. So we have a significant demand from new customers. They obviously start small and then grow over time and that that is contributing to the somewhat higher level demand that we're seeing in Q4.
Jason Peterson: Yes, we have to run at somewhat higher utilization than we had expected, we are expected to see the higher utilization again in Q4. We're also seeing a stable wage environment, probably getting a little bit of benefit from customer mix and then throughout the year, we've had a focus on account profitability and I’d like to think that that is producing benefit. Finally, we're also seeing benefits from our focus on managing SG&A. At the same time where we continue to invest to make sure we can deliver greater than 20% both in the upcoming fiscal years.
Jason Peterson: Yes, it’s always hard to predict what will happen with wage inflation and so what I can say is that wage inflation let’s say this year has been very much within our expectations and it’s been relatively stable and not elevated over the levels we've seen in the past. But it would be hard for me to predict the future.
Jason Peterson: But as always but over the years but certainly I think with a little bit more focus we are quite focused on account level profitability and doing what we can do to maintain and improve profitability despite what happens with the wage inflation.
Jason Peterson: So and I think that’s just a couple of things. If we brought -- if we included foreign exchange which was a negative the growth in that financial services would have been just over 20%. We did see a few financial services customers not in our top five that -- that's all declines. So there were few customer specific events, we still see very strong demand in financial services and expect to see very strong demand in Q4, we did see a few of our smaller clients with the decline.
Jason Peterson: Yes, I think I’d say that we’re still working on our 2019 plans, so it would be hard for us to comment at this time. We're going to continue to make investments to make sure we’re continuing to grow the company in excess of 20% per year. I think that the one comment I would make just kind of based on history is that the first half of the year you saw in the low end of the 16% to 17% range clearly in Q3 and in Q4 we're talking about being above the 17% range. So I think what I would say is you can clearly see that we can operate anywhere in that 16% to 17% range at the high-end of the range as well as the low-end of the range. But this time we wouldn’t be able to sort of provide any additional color on what we expect for adjusted IFO in 2019.
Jason Peterson: Yes, David again you can imagine this is one of those that defense questions in terms of the answer. But what we’re seeing is the ability to take up the rates, we did see some rate increases across some large customers here in Q3, it is a focus of ours obviously to deliver certain quality and to make certain that we’re getting more return for our clients but at the same time to capture some of the value for our investors and so it is a focus of ours to sort of drive to account profitability. And there is definitely attention to the pricing element and so it’s hard to say whether or not pricing is going to accelerate at a greater rate than wage inflation. But what I can’t say is that we do continue to get rate increases and we clearly look for those opportunities with both existing and new customers.
Jason Peterson: From the DSO standpoint, we took down DSO by two days in the quarter, I would not expect to see a further decline, I think we’re comfortable with this low 80s but it is an area of focus of ours and we are looking to continue to evolve that. But at this time, I would say just to consider sort of a low 80s is a corporate target for us.
Jason Peterson: So from a concentration standpoint and it’s a good point because I saw the same thing which is the 11 to 20, the 11th largest to the 20th largest customers had a very at the high growth rate in the quarter and a number of those customers are customers that may not be new customers the customers that we’ve acquired within the last two years. And what I think it does speak to is just a fact that we are still in a position with our customers and even our larger customers where many of them have significant wallet share opportunities for us. There are large global companies, we get in, we do work, we are successful with the program and then they ask us to help out in another areas. And so what we do find there is continues to be significant growth opportunities even within these large customers and again you add a couple of very nice kind of growing accounts in that 11 to 20 range. From a cash flow -- from a cash standpoint, you're right and we're using more cash this quarter than last, about and we have taken the opportunity post U.S. tax reform to bring some of that cash back to the United States, right now over 40% of that cash is in the U.S. so we have taken down the balance that we have in Belarus. And from a capital allocation standpoint still very focused on acquisitions, I think you might see in the first half of 2019 is see us doing deals that are somewhat accelerated rate. So couple of deals in that time period rather than one I think you might see us do somewhat larger deals and so rather than deals that are $30 million or $50 million deals that would be somewhat larger than that. And so that’s what we’re going to continue to sort of focus these cash. However we do meet with our board and discuss the evolution of our capital allocation strategy and we do think about all the obvious sort of share purchased that sort of reduced dilution in some of that. But we’re not at a point in time where we would be discussing that and certainly not with any sort of communication.
Jason Peterson: So that is where we’re really seeing the growth with the wealth management, asset management, FinTech, also seeing nice growth in the insurance area still relatively small for us. But growing with a lot in these customer revenues and so I guess maybe you could conclude from that that I get the inverse in terms of answering your question.
