Anthony Conte: Thank you, Ark and good morning everyone. I'll start with some financial highlights then profitability and cash flow and end on guidance. As you heard in Ark's comments, our growth strategy is engineered to deliver consistent sustainable results and we have trend in another strong performance in the third quarter. Here are a few key highlights. Revenue closed at $298.3 million, 26.4% over third quarter of last year and 6.2% sequentially, which represent a constant currency growth rate of 28.7%. Geographically, North America represents our largest region, representing 56.4% of our Q2 revenues, up 34.8% year-over-year. Europe was up 19.3% year-over-year and 25.6% in constant currency, representing 37% of Q3 revenue. APAC grew slightly and now represents 2.3% of our revenue and CIS is flat year-over-year. Turning to profitability, GAAP income from operations increased 22.1% year-over-year to represent a 11.4% of revenue in the quarter. Our non-GAAP income from operations for the quarter increased 19.9% over prior year to $49.7 million, representing 16.7% of revenue. Our effective tax rate for the quarter came in at 21.3% and for the quarter we generated $0.49 of GAAP EPS and $0.76 of non-GAAP EPS, which includes the tax effect on non-GAAP adjustments and is based on approximately $53.9 million diluted shares outstanding. The utilization challenges continue to create pressures on our income from operations, and ultimately EPS. Utilization ended lower than anticipated at 72%. Our non-GAAP SG&A, which excludes all stock comp expense came in at 19.5%, which is slightly lower than last year. We continue to focus on leveraging our SG&A spend and executing our strategy to focus on talent acquisition, workforce planning, balancing the bench and hiring functional management who bring value to our long-term sustainable growth strategy. Our attrition remains low at 10.4%. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Cash from operations for Q3 was $61.8 million and 11% year-over-year increase. Free cash flows came in at $55 million or 136% of adjusted net income conversion. In addition to strong quarterly performance, the cash flow improvement can also be attributed to our decrease in our DSO. This quarter our AR DSO is 58 days and our unbilled DSO is 25 days for a total of 83 days, compared to Q2, 2016 total of 88 days. As we mentioned in past quarters, we would implement changes to improve our processes, which we clearly have. Our efforts have reduced unbilled DSO by 19% sequentially. We have a better process in place now, but can't predict of the Q3 levels will be sustainable. As we continue to work through additional enhancements we will keep you updated. Turning now to guidance. Following our comments about macro demand pressures in the industry, our current outlook for Q4 revenue is expected to be at least $310 million, which will result in full year revenue of $1.156 billion, an increase of 26.5% over prior year and constant currency growth of 29%. GAAP diluted EPS will be at least $0.54 for the quarter and $1.94 for the full-year. Non-GAAP EPS will be at least $0.78 for the quarter and $2.90 for the full-year and is based on a weighted average share count of $54.3 million fully diluted shares outstanding. The $0.11 GAAP EPS drop in guidance is attributed to the compounded effects of lower utilization across multiple quarters, combined with FX losses on assets held in foreign jurisdictions. The $0.07 non-GAAP drop in guidance is related exclusively to the utilization challenges. Now, I'll turn it back over to Arkadiy for some additional comments.
Anthony Conte: We can't really mention the client if that's what you're looking for. I mean, there are two - we have two of our larger travel and consumer clients that are very fully penetrated, and you know we're starting to see just a little bit slow down in the growth rates for those two big accounts. But there's nothing concerning there except that you know, they reach kind of scale and a size where the growth is starting to slow down there. They are still growing just at a slower rate. And then when you look at the rest of the vertical there are number of up-and-coming account within the vertical. But they are still relatively new and they are not material at this stage to offset the slowdown we're seeing in the two fully penetrated account. So that that dynamic is what's hitting us now, we're still very confident around this vertical, and as these newer account start to really gain and build some traction we should see growth continue and get back up to the levels where we've seen in the past.
Anthony Conte: I have no - I have no intentions of going to a competitor or competing with EPAM in anyway, I actually intend to remain a shareholder of EPAM. So most of the reason I'm leaving is more for personal business interests outside of EPAM.
Anthony Conte: At this point, we are staying with that 16% to 18% range, but as you have seen this year and I would expect it to continue next several quarters, we're feeling pressure and it’s going to keep us to the lower end of that range.
Anthony Conte: At this point, you know, pricing - pricing is usually locked down in the first half of the year when you talk about renewals for existing accounts and then as new accounts come in its varied in this negotiation. So that hasn't changed dramatically from what we discussed last quarter, we're still feeling from a kind of an organic constant currency perspective we're still at just under 3% from a pricing perspective.
Anthony Conte: Euro it didn’t move dramatically this quarter. So I don’t want actually kind of talk to you about what you're looking at, the euro has been running pretty consistently as a percentage of revenue for the past several quarters. So what statistics are you looking at that show its spiking.
Anthony Conte: It’s - yes, but it's been pretty consistently in that 10% or 11%, 12% for a number of quarters. That's why I don't see that as a significant increase.
Anthony Conte: There is nothing special to that moving - there is nothing special that’s moving the euro concentrations, just normal contracting, nothing dramatic has shifted.
Anthony Conte: At this point we're not comfortable saying that the Q3 DSO is sustainable. It took a big drop, a lot of this is the additional efforts we really been focusing over the past couple quarters. So I think that brought it down significantly, not willing to commit to these levels at this points, as a go forward we're going to take couple quarters and see how it trends and then we could talk about what's a consistent level.
Anthony Conte: I am sorry, I thought you were referring to the last question, my apologies. Europe constant currency was 25.6% versus 19.3% reported.
Anthony Conte: The only place we have a special tax benefit from an income tax perspective is in Belarus where we're enjoying a tax holiday through 2021, that's the only current special tax regime that we have and really we don't comment on regional tax structures, but we expect to stay in this 21% for the foreseeable future. 21 or low 20s is what I would expect until clearly in 2021 that could change, but that's a number of years out.
Anthony Conte: There has been in the past some Q4 seasonality where company is trying clear budgets and get payments closed out before the end of the year. That’s part of why I don't want to you know confirm any trends around the DSO until we have a few more consistent quarter. So there is a possibility of some additional you know benefits in Q4, that trend continues, but we need to see how things play out for the next couple quarters, so I am not really committing to any specific levels.
Anthony Conte: Utilization is the biggest impact that you are seeing on profit margins for this year. There are some other dynamics that play into that. We have been stepping up more over the past year in offshore locations, so that creates a little bit of a dynamic shift as well, because offshore obviously are going out at a lower price point than the on-site. So as you see our offshore concentration increase that impacts it. And then obviously the inclusion of India and China, which are at lower price points than our organic resources that create additional pressure. So I would say utilization as the top impact and then some shifting to lower price point locations adds additional impact there as well.
Anthony Conte: Well, the transition time frame him is about nine months. I mean, is committed through Q3 of 2017. We are going to begin the search immediately and quite frankly we're very optimistic that we can find somebody within that timeframe, and still have an adequate transition to ensure there is a smooth transition. So that's - you haven't really discussed extending beyond Q3 of 2017 at this point because we thought that that was nine months is more than sufficient…
Anthony Conte: I think as you can see even historically, the vast majority of our growth is coming from outside of the top 20, where we are seeing growth in excess of a 40% year-over-year and the top 20 clearly as they become much larger clients you see the growth rates being more in line with that 20% and in some cases little bit lower than side of the account. So I think we still feel that the majority of our growth is going to be coming from deeper penetration into those existing accounts, many of which are currently outside the top 20. And as we continue to expand that's where we get confidence in our over 20% growth looking at the availability of the penetration in those particular accounts.
Anthony Conte: For this quarter the growth outside the top 20 was actually 43% and historically it’s been - this year we were at 45%, last quarter we had a 50% growth. It's always been in the high 20s, 30s and it's been trending up over 40 for at least the past year.
Anthony Conte: Just David, come back, I mean, when we were down at the 7% to 8% and we were saying at that point we didn’t think that was a sustainable level, that was unusually low, we saw attrition drop quite a bit over the past couple of years. So we expected it to tick up a little bit as we move forward.
Anthony Conte: I haven’t really done a current spot rate, what we actually do when we're doing our forecasting is we actually get revenue - sorry, currency forecast from a couple different banks and we use kind of blended forecasts as opposed to just kind of this path forward and we're still thinking you in Q4 that the headwinds - year-over-year headwinds are to be about 2%, 1% to 2% and that’s we're building kind of into our models for right now, based on forecast, not just spot.
Arkadiy Dobkin: One more important comment. As we stated in our press release Anthony, while he will be staying with us through the third quarter of 2017. So it may be noted that he plans to resign as the company's Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer as end of this period. Anthony has been a key part of our growth and success over his 10 years with us. We really thankful for that and wish Anthony growth in the future as well. But just to make sure we are all on the same page, during the next quarters Anthony will continue to work and serve is capacity, assist us in our search which is successor and then help to ensure smooth transition. Now we can turn to Q&A part.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we shared it our - several notes this morning that first of all there is impact on some financials services clients which we talked before and some trend [ph] in consumer which is not really noticeable. So I think certain is coming from again, just if you account, but it’s - will be account which we mentioned during the last call and…
Arkadiy Dobkin: Since we also mentioned this topic already, but in general we felt some - some long-term planning for couple of accounts which didn’t realize and we have excessive capacity in very specific locations which we cannot utilize immediately and might take a decision but we are not going to rush, but opportunity and with additional training, while still continue hiring in locations where we plan to grow further account. So in result of this we got to situation where our utilization were all driven that we expected before. So at this point, we were planning to make right assignments for this extra capacity and bring these two levels which is in much more normal range for us which is probably 3%, 4% up. So when it is exactly going to happen it’s difficult to say, it probably will take us couple quarters, but that’s what we are planning right now. The good part of this that it’s pretty manageable process, it’s not like very specific situations which we cannot control, it just with our choice to invest in people during this period.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. We believe it’s pretty reasonable explanation and again, even this numbers impacted by the same reasons which you said it already today, including our utilization situation and some capacity and locations which we couldn’t immediately realize. So - but we believe that we will be able to continue growing 20% plus.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we feel the same way like we feel before. So market is to big specifically in the subset of the market where we play and I am pretty sure everybody improving, but I think it's impacting in general the opportunities for growth.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, yes, it was mostly in financial services and that’s exactly what we're trying to communicate. Yes, it might be impacting us for the next several quarters, but we do believe that the market is strong enough specifically in the area in which we play and that would allow us to grow 20 plus percent, that’s exactly our message. So how specific clients we'll be having during the next quarter or two or next 12 months it's very difficult to predict. We're not relying on specific clients, just probably talking about diversification from client balancing, concentration, specific verticals in which we play and we are very profitable with our convincing - kind of strategy of the revenue and portfolio right now to continue grow in 20 plus.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Ashwin, right now our feeling is that we have got some utilization and we'll be improving and clearly utilization is probably the strongest impact on this number as well. So still thinking that that unless market change drastically for some one another reason we should be able to be in this corridor in the future.
Arkadiy Dobkin: No, what we are saying and there are multiple reasons, again, it’s much more difficult analysis, but on the high-level what we're saying right now that we were planning to stuff client engagement, specific clients engagement, in specific locations and prepare for this and it was delayed couple times and then it was postponed and with our extra capacity in this locations. So at the same time we did committed to grow the other part of the clients in different locations and continue to hire simultaneously in different locations to satisfy our initial commitment and then we have already partial team there, so it wasn’t possible to change, that’s why we were around two extra capacity. So that's one of the biggest reasons, but it's again, it’s more complex situation and we have our operation in India which we mentioned didn’t play exactly as we expected all in the year, so which was additional point, and combination of this broad situation to where it is right now. But again, in our view all of this very fixable and manageable.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, we are comfortable that where it was in locations where you have extra capacity which was prepared for specific clients, its qualified capacity, it’s just taken several quarters to reassign the few sources.
Arkadiy Dobkin: That’s what we talked before, that’s what we’re sharing last quarter about financial services and that’s - and last quarter we said we don’t know exactly how it’s going to play out, but we know there is something happening. So it’s become much more clear right now. But even right now it could step on with the next couple of quarters the same clients compare to us. So it’s still pretty further.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we will share with you this probably next quarter. So it’s too early for us right now to say it.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Okay. Let me take on this. First of all and this is related to situation to make sure we are on same pace. We [indiscernible] 3% production increase and if you try to analyze our organic numbers then we exactly as 3% so far during this nine months. So the second are increase in our store proportion clearly impacts the total pricing numbers is that what Anthony mentioned. But in our plans we go into - it’s not like we plan this like acquisition of the year since some increase in headcount we've had in china impacting this. So basically we slowed down with unsure growth in relative numbers. What we're planning to do, we definitely planning to increase our on-shore presence and country presence and we're going to grow into these areas in the next 12 months, so that's our plan. We still very committed to increase our presence in countries where we are getting revenue from and kind of client facing capabilities.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think we share it everything we knew and very difficult right now to make projections in this area. So we'll rather - we'll see what would be happening on the market, but clearly account slowed down, you can see from top line performance. But it is again, might go back, might grow back, might stay flat at this point, we don’t know.
Arkadiy Dobkin: The problem was listed as one of the five preferred vendors, so is also you who kind of watching us for a long time [indiscernible] at some point it was logistic on cost and then it was down, today the account is one of the top three basically, much bigger than it was when it was the largest one. So - but again, similarly like with UBS, the account is extremely difficult to predict the future, that’s why we really focusing on right balance of account and diversification across industries as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think you need to understand Larry's experience significant time is his previous employer and he was responsible for the duration of globally challenged with current four locations and the gross across several hundred thousand people globally. His last three years was focus in North America, which is clearly beneficial for us, but Larry very well understands the global market as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think if we will see any difficulties to fulfill this, but addition [indiscernible] so we can share right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: The reality is all this more complicated [indiscernible] and that’s kind of what it is. But we do believe locations where you have more capacities then we need like during the last quarters, it’s a very good quality of the people and we will be able to bring new clients there. So we clearly on the press to deploy these people during the next several quarters.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We do believe that - and that we don’t know if it’s one quarter or two, three quarters exactly, but we do believe that with the next several quarters we will bring in there blended utilization to the normal across it.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think volunteer this mix was probably exactly at the level as it’s during the last couple of quarters, 1% or 2% volatility, it’s probably specific through the range we share was build up and become unnecessary. So but it’s very small.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don’t know what we can add, again, we can just repeat ourselves. And then we have some commitments from clients to grow in specific locations, we prepared for this, then this was slowed down and then it was actually postponed for some unclear time period. So basically we have got extra capacity in very specific locations which were protected from assign into our accounts because of our commitment. At the same time, we continue to carry on other locations because we need to continue to grow and also when postponed was happened we try to compensate for this region and others locations as well continue to grow where we could. So because of the assignment of resources is not immediate. Let's bring some disconnect number one, number two, our expectation with India was exactly in line and we've got lower utilizations that we expected initially and again this is integration new for those locations, we are learning a lot of new and we are absolutely committed to grow in this area, but we have some slowdowns there too. Between these two factors, actually they are all disconnecting on utilization. But in our view it’s very much fixable and that’s what would our focus during the next couple of quarters.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we do believe there many opportunities in financial sector, everybody knows about utilization and means that clients will have to adapt for this two, so invest a lot in [indiscernible] areas, at the same time I don’t think we can quote in longer term right now and specifically about our expectations, in 2017 we will be talking next time. So in regards to M&A, nothing changed here too, we definitely slow down during the 2016, but it’s not because lack of opportunities, it’s just due diligence just didn’t happen and we still considering different options how to bring expertise to growth. So we probably not going through all this specific new verticals, I think we have been balanced right now and it might happen that we will increase some focus on emerging areas, we have good place to - but I don’t think we are going to expand dramatically from areas where there are…
Arkadiy Dobkin: As usual, thank you, everybody for joining. I think we addressed questions and in summary we have challenging quarter based on utilization, but we are pretty confident in our ability to continue growing and I hope to update you on this during the next call. Thank you very much.
