Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it's exactly what you said. We were [taking] (ph) a lot of activities in Q4 and a lot of conversations still happening today, but decision going to delay still. And in our view, how these activities were increased, we do believe that future delays would be very difficult to kind of hold, because the companies will need to address [growing debt] (ph). And we've taken, at least, we're thinking right now pretty responsible view of what might be happening at this type of increase based on discussion of many programs and kind of desires which we have during the last months should become to some realization. And we kind of planning and shaping our activities around it.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yeah. As everybody say, it's still a lot of experimentation, but we highlighted something which we do. And there is a quest to implementations happening as we speak. Still the program is not very sizable, but what we also see is that a lot of proof of concepts actually proven to the point that it will trigger additional tail of data engineering programs a lot, because while experimentation going well and proof of concept looking good, usually the data for this type of activities is [massaged] (ph) well enough, and as soon as you go into production activities in many cases, it's triggered visibly need to invest in data engineering and different activities to at scale provide the data. And that's why also we believe that this trigger will happen and the amount of work for these type of activities will bear some fruits to us as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think I would add to the follow-up. Like, if you remember our original guide, one year ago, at the beginning of 2023, so it was a way kind of optimistic and revenue was higher than we guided today for 2024. So, which means that we prepare it for the growth and number of people that you have back then were corresponding to our source. Then, 2023, in this case, become for us an adjustment period when we have to bring relative numbers to this kind of to reality. And on top of this, as we've changed, we were adjusting our thinking about market from cost perspective as well. So, 2023 was actually 12 months when we were bringing us back to shape to changing condition. From this point of view, it's very much in line with our guidance for this year. We're still keeping the series kind of investments to be able to start hiring back to trade in big quantities, so we feel about this number as pretty comfortable and actually reflecting the reality.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think this adjustment is happening. What I don't believe is the revenue per employee exactly the kind of the metric which reflects the reality because it depends very much how we kind of optimizing our delivery locations. India is growing, and India, for example, growing not little, I think it's 20% last year. I think it was much higher a year before, like more than 50%, okay? So, which has actually definitely impacted revenue per employee. It's the same like switch between people moving from Eastern Europe to Central Europe, or growing in Latin America, that should be taken into account, not talking about [indiscernible]. So, simply not looking to this metric as a critical metric for us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Look, I think it's interesting question to address. First of all, because there is a lot of uncertainty even how quickly productivity will be growing and we're watching this very, very carefully, what type of new people will be needed actually in the market. And we put in a lot of investment efforts and that's what we shared already, specifically in these activities. What it means that we need to like to watch practically month by month, quarter by quarter, how productivity improvements would be realized and how clients will be kind of supporting this, because there are a lot of questions about legal aspects of generating the code or doing assisted -- AI-assisted development. So, it's about what actually we'll need, like, year from now or later. So, on the ability to hire -- and again, we invest here, we play and we're watching this very, very carefully. So, on the ability to hire, we're keeping all our core previous investments in educational training for juniors, and again, it's how and what we're going to train is changing on the fly during the last time, and we're going to continue changing. But we're pretty confident that we would be able to accelerate when needed, especially with the softness of the market. During the last several years, a lot of talent was produced on the market in junior levels, which is not necessary while finding jobs. So, I think it's building up right now and when market will be back with everything what we did before, we feel kind of normal to increase capacity.
Arkadiy Dobkin: In one quarter, the demand will not jump as crazy. So, it's still going to be spread around the quarter. We're still not -- don't seem right now the demand will be performing kind of in 2021. It will be much more softer. And if you remember 2021 and it was very quickly become hot market, we were performing pretty well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we were talking about it many times during the last year, but at the beginning of the year when we were much more optimistic, we didn't realize that impact of the war raised risk profile for EPAM and uncertainty that we will be able to navigate the war. So, a lot of calls clients were doing in the middle of 2022 which kind of delaying decision with us or actually going to -- starting to replace, not put a new [repeats] (ph) to us, but unfortunately, we realized impact of this only kind of at the end of the Q1 2023. And some of these actions make a pretty long-term impact. We still have clients who declining, because when decision is done and they signed with somebody else, it's happening. So, this is very visible impact in 2023. Plus, economy -- and that's why I would say the simultaneous impact of these two things were the most critical for us, which really put us aside from our competitors, which was only one part of this challenges. So, when economy started to slow down, then again, competition for rates, cost and everything else pick up. And this was second one. So, positive things which we also mentioned that there are some clients who are coming back to us, and some of them growing as well, but definitely this is part of 2023 and partially will be, for us, part of 2024. If you think at the same time that how we were bringing some new business to compensate this, that's kind of a positive part of the story. Declining in 2024 definitely will be smaller than decline it was at 2023.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It's -- yeah. It's multiple factors. Some of them become much more comfortable with Ukraine because it was any impact of the quality of interruption. So, some were thinking we'll be leaving and now staying there. So it's also, we prove that we can deliver from different locations. India was probably one of the kind of major critical components here. And third one, I think that when you're removing some order works to some competitors, the results were not satisfactory as they started to come back to us or waiting when their commitments with new vendors will be kind of expired, and it will be possible to come back. So, I think it's between all these lines.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, I think when we're talking about increasing the client number, it's true the difference with previous year that this is smaller clients, smaller --- clients maybe not smaller, but smaller engagements. And overall, it still feel a lot of pressure from all, more competitiveness. And it's all coming back to our statement that we actually adjusted our behavior during the 2023, okay, and started to use different approaches to kind of protect client base as well. But it was much more visible all the transition between first half and second half of 2023. We're still seeing that something similar will be continuous for this and next quarter. And that exactly explain all these dynamics and competitive situation. We see that clients starting the programs, we participated in this bigger programs than they were considering in the first half of 2023. So, we think this acceleration will be happening and second half will give us opportunity to demonstrate it. One word I just -- okay. I lost the point which I was bringing. Maybe later, I'll add.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Well, what I wanted to say is actually my -- our usual remark. Until the full speed, what we kind of all expecting from margins and from the real growth, it's still function of right demands. And this right demand, we consider it will start to be realized on second part, okay? At what level? So, we put it conservative right now. At least we think that it's conservative or realistic right now. Yeah. So, what would be happening still this year, definitely less predictable than kind of before war years. We all know that it's not about us, it's about the whole the IT segment.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So, I think, still there are, at this point, a lot of experimentation and a lot of kind of more straightforward thinking about GenAI, as it's available practically for the end consumers and how this can change interfaces. And again, very straightforward that everybody is thinking how to have a right access to the hybrid data between general sales, the specific ones and most of the companies experimenting in this area and created some type of copilots. And I'm talking about application of areas and just utilizing GenAI as a activity tools for individuals and [we work as subs] (ph). I'm talking about, like, client-facing capabilities, new insight. The difficulties of this is it will be changing quarter by quarter. And, I think some exciting things which we see right now would become very quickly commodity and much more sophisticated since it'll be happening like 12 months from now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you very much as usual for your questions. I think we're feeling in general this stabilization happening. At the same time, we're feeling that a lot of unknowns ahead of us and some trends, which were driving the market and our performance in 2023, still actually critical for 2024, but, yeah, we feel much better after showing that we can stabilize the revenue, the client base, and even little but some growth versus continuous decline, which was happening in previous four quarters. Thank you very much, and talk to you in three months.
Jason Peterson: Yes. So, we obviously have been very thoughtful around what our cost structure would look like this year and are mindful of the guide here around profitability. The decision we made Bryan was that we did want to return to a more typical variable compensation. And then, we thought a lot about the pricing environment and the wage environment, and decided that we would move forward with our traditional sort of salary increases or promo in Q2 of this year. We've got very low voluntary attrition. We want to keep it that way because we do have confidence in return to growth later in the year. So, I would say the people programs are probably most significant, but then we do have significant investments in AI and again we thought about whether or not we would want to scale those back and we thought that, that wasn't appropriate considering some of the traction that we believe that we're getting in AI at this point. And then, as you talked about the programs that are primarily focused on sort of demand generation, some of our partnership programs and then continuing to enhance our domain capabilities. And I don't know, Ark, if you have any thoughts about either the AI or the demand generation.
Jason Peterson: Yes, we think there'll clearly be a return on the AI investment. And then, Bryan, we'll be working on utilization and our seniority pyramids throughout the year. I think you'll see an improvement in gross margin in the second half of 2024, hopefully setting us up for more better profitability in 2025.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. We had talked about a known and expected ramp down in Q1 that is upon us and it is obviously part of our Q1 guide. Other than that, you don't see significant incremental kind of ramp downs and we are feeling like demand is stabilizing. From a customer standpoint, we are seeing good strong traction in life sciences. We clearly are seeing a lot of opportunities and energy, and I expect that we'll probably return to sequential growth in a number of our industry verticals here in Q1. So, I would say, yeah, it's generally that the demand is a little broader from at least an industry vertical and customer standpoint.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. So, good questions. The first that I would say is as you look at that our fact sheet where you can see us with the headcount declines across a range of geographies, if we [indiscernible] kind of Ark's comments here during, I guess, the fixed portion of today is that we did obviously have to increase headcount across a broad range of countries. It's kind of a contingency in case things didn't go as well as they ultimately ended up going in Ukraine. And so, we then afterwards tuned headcount somewhat just because we've done some amount of access hiring across a broad range of geographies, just as contingency in case we weren't able to deliver successfully from Ukraine. At this point, you're clearly seeing growth in India. You'll continue to see growth in Latin America. We do expect that the incremental growth in India is going to put some pressure on revenue per headcount. And that's part of the reason for the guide of the 1% to 4% that we've got in there.
Jason Peterson: Certainly, I expect lower gross margins in the first half, that's both Q1 and Q2, and then, a fairly significant improvement in the second half, and that would be both due to the available bill days as well as improvements in utilization and pyramid. So, I don't know whether or not that's the same as where we've been kind of historically, but I do expect us to head back towards more typical profitability as we get closer to the end of the year and as we enter 2025.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. I mean, our goal would be to go back towards more typical, which was above the higher 70%s. So, I don't think that the distribution is going to have a significant impact on our targeted utilization levels.
Jason Peterson: Okay, great. Thanks for giving me the chance to clarify that. So, Q2 is generally -- it's less capacity or less sort of available bill days. Q3 is usually very strong quarter. So, usually we see quite significant sort of sequential growth Q2 to Q3. The comment that I made in my prepared remarks was really that we are seeing what feels like a better demand environment, more stability, large number of conversations with clients and some kind of larger deal size opportunities, but Q1 to Q2 definitely has a negative seasonal impact. And so, I just wanted to call out that there was some potential that, that seasonality could cause us to be sequentially flat to maybe even possibly down, but generally the expectations are that we'd see sequential growth Q1 to Q2, but again, it will take definitely improving demand environment to get us there.
Jason Peterson: There's probably a few things going on. I think we're trying to make certain that we don't have multi-year commitments that kind of lock us in. Even when you do, you do have opportunities to come back to clients. So, generally, Maggie, I would say traditional [indiscernible] structures for us are about a year in length. The other thing that we are continuing to do and I think you would see it in the mix of our commercials is that you're seeing more fixed fee engagements, where there's a more -- not only is it more sort of consulting led, but also there's a little bit more opportunity for us to take responsibility for delivery, and that gives us an opportunity to improve profitability as well.
Jason Peterson: Yeah. We continue to have -- we're flexible. We clearly have been investing to make certain that we can add capacity across a broad range of geographies. So, we feel good about our ability to respond to demand.
Jason Peterson: Yeah, I think, that would be fair. We've got obviously utilization opportunities, first and foremost, but then, yeah, a quarter window would probably be appropriate.
Jason Peterson: And, Moshe, we continue to see clients who may have experimented with other vendors, reengaging with us with both discussions and in some cases actually transferring work back to us just based on the fact that they didn't get as much done with those other vendors.
Jason Peterson: If we do all right, definitely stronger new logo activity, stronger new customer revenues. Don't forget that we do have the ramp down in Q1 from the one customer. And as Ark said, some kind of slower kind of decision making, but again generally the demand environment at least feels like it's stabilizing and potentially improving.
