Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you, David, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. Let us start with a few key highlights on EPAM overall performance in the second quarter. Our growth was broad based across both geographies and industries, the revenue for Q2 climbing U.S.$649 million, representing 23% year-over-year growth or 23.7% in constant currency growth, from a vertical perspective, with a strong growth across the majority of our industry segments. In reporting currency, financial services, our legacy vertical continued the quarter with 7.6% growth which reflects the effect of the UBS revenue trends we discussed during our previous earnings call. Excluding the impact of UBS financial services grew 31.6% in Q2. Demand from financial services is being driven by digitalization, regulatory changes in addition to record improvements. Travel and consumer finished the quarter at 21.7% growth with demand climbing from digital transformation projects as well as day-to-day earnings side programs. Software and Hi-Tech grew 20.2% for the quarter based on diversified portfolio of software emerging start-ups and technology companies going over digital platform transformations. Media and entertainment grew 52.3% driven by our engagements in digital services, major information providers, publishers, and broadcasters. Life Sciences and Healthcare grew 3% over the same quarter last year. Year-over-year growth was mostly imparted with retirement at one of our clients' with significant increase in revenue in Q2 of last year. Excluding this effect, year-over-year growth was 21.5% and 6.7% sequentially. Worth to mention in healthcare, we continue to see demand in patient health management initiatives and major healthcare player and medical hospital managing provider in Q2 to all countries. Emerging verticals at 60.1%, growth was driven mostly by energy and telecommunications. Revenue expectation across our clients continues to grow outside of the top 20 accounts climbing in at 37% with growth in the top 20 adjust on to 10% or more than 18% excluding the effect of UBS. And our continued focus in helping our clients to address the challenges of digitally driven changes have led to broad opportunities across the Fortune 2000. In Q2, our growth was broad-based across year-over-year. In constant currency terms, North America grew 27%, Europe growth was 19% year-over-year or 34% excluding the effect of UBS. This two geographic areas combine representing 94% of our revenues. Additionally our CIS region grew 17% and APAC grew 24% in constant currency terms. Our people. We ended with over 20,480 professionals a 12% increase year-over-year bringing our total in place head count more than 23,200. Utilization for the quarter was 79.6%, climbing higher than our historical ranges due to tighter management during this period. We do expect utilization in Q3 to be down due to seasonality and natural volatility in supply and demand cycles. And in balanced market that is always is increasingly competitive. We remain focused on attracting, retaining, and developing the right talent to support the current and future growth needs. In regards to overall market demand, the rate of disruption among our clients continues to offer extremely fast pace creating the challenge of successfully mitigating through important technology and operational confirmations. We do believe we're still in the early stages of this digital era, this digital platform engineering extending from the consumer to the enterprise driving the need for next generation capabilities in areas such as full stock, engineering, [indiscernible], automation, and cyber security. We continued to see real strengths in demand across our verticals service lines and geographies and we believe this demand for next generation capabilities and engineering deliver skills will continue for the foreseeable future. So as we will our business to position it for the future. Our priority will be to continue investing across multiple areas including corporate and people talent infrastructure in line with our growth rate needs to allow us to establish new and growing capabilities with a focus on delivering increasingly sophisticated end-to-end integrated business and technology solution this is initiated by our advanced engineering capabilities. Our profitability for the first half of this fiscal year reflect this ongoing investment and going forward you should expect this level of investment will continue and at times vary quarter-to-quarter. With that let me turn it over to Jason for a detailed financial update of our Q2 results and our fiscal 2017 guidance.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It’s usually again you saw the concentration of clients is kind of becoming better balance or basically it's spread but we definitely have a number of our new large clients which you grow in very faster and creating potential for future grows. So again it's needed but there are very specific, specific engagements which drive into this now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Headcount growth. Headcount growth well for us right now is usual and pretty much balanced around all our main delivery locations. So clearly still Eastern Europe which includes all Hungary, Poland, Belarus, Ukraine, Russia, Israel, we planning to grow in India too.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So we have competence through this specific expertise in this. So we actually involved in multiple implementation of we process automation solutions, so how it's going to impact significantly anything in smaller short-term, I don't think we can judge on this. But we definitely focus on this area and it's one of the most interesting future service lines for us for sure, we didn’t have traditional BPO services which would be mostly impacted by this. So we do invest in this and we do have some advantage.
Arkadiy Dobkin: No, we talked about it pretty extensively I think during the previous calls and I think transition investor days. There is no changes since last periods. We’re improving delivery quality and we kind of bring this to the general EPAM standards, so that's our main focus right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Again, we don't care for any specific update on this. I think our long-term agreement actually indicated a minimum commitment. So and we this and above this how this account going to develop in the future it's a very difficult to predict. We don't see any specific signs to share, the same like we were talking about it before it is in pretty stable condition to now, yes.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think it’s a little bit different reason because several quarters ago we were talking about our utilization levels which were below what you wanted and some unexpected branch existed due to some changes on UBS side. And clearly our recruitment cycles where under our very detailed control so and right now we coming back to current exercise of the current 12% increase is much more than it was last quarter so, we just increasing hiring right now but it’s some normal kind of cycling right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: As usual thank you very much for joining us today so, I simply have pretty strong quarter on revenue side. We also continue growing. I would share actually one [indiscernible] like we were talking about UBS and our growth outside of UBS right now around 29% which means that the future is stability of the account. The growth should be -- should be good so and with this so we will see you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Anil Doradla: Hey guys good morning and good job on the top-line. So when you look at the top-line and the upper division for the full year was it driven by any particular end market customers or was it kind of more widespread as you saw in the current quarter.
Anil Doradla: And in terms of geographic expansion over the next call it 12 months is there any particular geography around the world where you expect to emphasize in terms of headcount growth.
Anil Doradla: And don't mind me speaking in one thing the EPS reset was that purely driven by just this option stuff going around or was there any other particular you talked about options and share count but was there anything else or was it just driven by this.
Jason Peterson: Yes, the $0.09 reduction is just largely driven by the result of the impact of the greater than expected stock option exercises and so as we've said it's basically two impacts, one you've got the additional payroll tax expense and then the second is just the dilution impact and that's broken out by $0.07 by the additional payroll tax expense and $0.02 from the dilution.
Jason Peterson: Yes, from a use of the cash standpoint, today we prioritize allocation of capital for our inorganic growth strategy. At the same time we are sensitive to dilution. So, capital allegation is an ongoing topic that we discussed with the board no change at this time but I think what we would update you as we evolve our thinking on that topic.
Jason Peterson: Sure. So we're really narrowing the range from 16% to 18% to 16% to 17% and it’s largely just a reflection of our first half results. So if you'll remember we had 15.2% in Q1 and 16% in Q2 and so I should remind you that the Q1 performance included the impact of the $1.9 million land tax and so the narrowing I think just kind of reflects kind of our first half performance and I think if you do the math, you will see that we’re expecting improvement in remainder of the year.
Jason Peterson: Yes. We've seen a stable pricing environment and as I think we've talked about in the past, we continue to get angled price increases across a number of our customers and so definitely stable and with the opportunity for some improvement on an annual basis.
Jason Peterson: Sure. Yes, so primarily this story is around the DSO and so what you're seeing is actually a substantial improvement in DSO on an year-over-year basis so, I think you'll remember that we were over 90 in Q1 of last year we were flat I think 88 in Q2 of last year and then we're down to 82 which is kind of where we guided but the 82 is an increase over Q1 and so clearly that does has an impact.
Jason Peterson: Yes, I just add to that so, UBS is certainly stable it’s performing within our expectations and we continue to see rapid growth in smaller accounts and new accounts within EPAM. So what I do think you'll see is that -- it has a let’s say modest impact on growth rates over time as we continue to grow other accounts.
