Jason Peterson: Yes. I mean, I think, there's a few things. First, there is a decline in revenues associated with bill days, so it's just the natural algebra of there are fewer bill days in Q4 than there are in Q3. And that would net-net would kind of actually reduce revenue by 2% between Q3 and Q4 it gives all things else were held equal. At the same time, I think that we continue to feel good about the growth that we’ve generated in Q3 and I think the other thing Bryan to point out is that we have the same impact on our growth rate from the exit from Russia, so we had a $50 million Q4 last year and we'll have a single-digit -- mid to low single-digit Russian revenue contribution in Q4 of this year. So it's a combination of those two things. And then again, we continue to see growth -- we continue to see spending and investments on the part of our clients, but it's probably at a somewhat lower growth rate than we have experienced earlier in the year.
Jason Peterson: Yes, there's a couple of different ways to look at this. From a pricing standpoint associated with the realignment of pricing for the relocation of employees, we did better than we expected. So we had expected that to have a more negative impact on profitability in Q3 than it actually did. However, on a year-over-year basis, that wouldn't really show up as a benefit. What we saw was a couple of things, we are getting some benefit from foreign exchange, so foreign exchange is obviously having a negative impact on revenue growth rate. But we have a number of countries in which we deliver from where the currencies obviously have devalued more substantially than the devaluation of the euro or the pound. And so, that's had a somewhat positive impact on profitability on a year-over-year basis. Then the other thing, which I tried to call out in the script is that we had an enormously successful year last year relative to expectations, which drove a higher variable compensation cost. And this year where we're effectively, sort of, booking a bonus, if you will, at 100%. It's lower than it would have been last year. And so, last year, I guess, you could say we would have been even more profitable. And this year, we're sort of booking at a more consistent level of variable compensation based on our performance. So I'm not certain if that gets to the part of it, but foreign exchange would definitely be one of the things that's a positive.
Jason Peterson: Yes, so I think that if I remind, I said, we get -- we expect to get back towards, right, which is -- and right now, I feel actually that the company has done a phenomenal job with not only the profitability in Q3, but also the guide getting back to the 16% to 17% in Q4. And part of that has to do with all the work we've done on the geographic transformation and the realignment of rates. But I think it's too early right now to talk about what profitability could be in 2023, just because there's still a lot of moving pieces with what's going on in -- with the war and some other things. But I definitely am encouraged by the fact that we've generated such a strong level of profitability in Q3, and again our confidence in being able to guide to 16% to 17% in Q4.
Jason Peterson: Yes, so we feel quite good about our ability to add headcount in the regions in which we're currently expanding in Latin America and India and in other geographies outside of what we call the impacted region. And so, I think, we’re very much can respond to future upticks in demand and again, feel comfortable with our ability to continue to generate growth in excess of 20% based on available demand. Okay, right now, there's a little bit more focus on taking up utilization again. And so, that's kind of what you see around the headcount additions.
Jason Peterson: We're in the midst of it today, and so we -- the standard process that we would use where we've got kind of an aspirational model and then a very detailed account level planning, and we're beginning to get feedback from each of the business units as to kind of what they're expecting at the account level. Then as you can imagine, we sort of consider the investment priorities and all of that, and we come back with a guide in terms of both revenue growth and profitability. And so, clearly, we're not at a stage yet where I can talk about that based on where we are in the planning cycle and we're also not guiding to 2023, but I will provide some color on the revenue growth. And so, as we've talked about, we do expect that we will return to a rate of growth greater than 20% at some point in the future. At this time, based on what I'm seeing with our numbers, I would not expect that to occur in the first half of the 2023 fiscal year. And instead, I think that would be more likely to occur sometime in the second half.
Jason Peterson: So we still see spending, we still see investment on the part of clients. Just the rate of growth appears to be somewhat slower and some of the decision-making is a little bit slower.
Jason Peterson: I think, what I would just comment on, on what we've seen, let's say, over the last maybe five months and then it's a little harder to predict as to what you might see in the future, but I could talk to kind of what we're expecting for Q4. One of the things that was a positive surprise from both revenue standpoint and profitability in Q3 was that, we were able to execute on our realignment of rates for all of the relocations that we've done to higher cost geographies. And so, we made better progress than expected. Already, I think that as we end Q3, we think that we've already got the realignment of about two-thirds of the positions that have been shifted to other geographies. We still have ongoing work to do there. And also, we still are relocating people from countries to higher cost countries, but we do expect to continue to see price improvement associated with realignment. And then in addition, there are probably -- is some additional pricing, kind of, going on in the second half of the fiscal year. Hard to postulate, kind of, what could happen next year. Certainly, in the environment that we've been in where there's been very high demand and some disconnect between supply, that's supportive of pricing discussions and we'll have to see what pricing discussions look like in 2023.
Jason Peterson: Yes, you're right that we would have still generated significant revenues from Russia, particularly in Q1 of 2022. So that will be a tougher comp. We still think foreign exchange is going to have some headwind associated with it. And then, I think there's -- right now, we continue to sort of evaluate the demand environment as we've talked about. But I just think the other thing is that, if you look at our headcount additions over the last couple of quarters is that, oftentimes you need to have, sort of, ongoing sequential growth to them continue to sort of produce strong year-over-year growth two or three quarters out. And so, we feel very comfortable with our ability to add headcount over time. And again, as Ark talked about, we feel that we've got increasing, sort of, operational experience in the newer geographies. And right now, I just think as I kind of look at the numbers and the likely headcount adds this quarter, it just appears that your trajectory would, sort of, give you the opportunity for a greater than 20% growth in the second half rather than in the first half. And I think, you guys probably do the same types of math that we do, and you likely could see that as well.
Jason Peterson: Yes, it would be mix. So we're definitely running with lower utilization and what I'll call the impacted sort of geographies. But there's also some opportunity for us to tighten up utilization in some of the newer geographies that we've expanded into. And so, again, the goal in Q4 would be somewhat improved utilization, but still maybe a little below our target. And then, as we enter the first half of next year is to make certain that we're continuing to focus on improved utilization.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So Bryan, I think, we’re kind of illustrating that we were talking like a couple of quarters ago about our -- I think balance in our delivery capacity. We actually exactly on the plan or on progression a little bit. And I think by the end of the year, probably a couple more percentage points we’ll be down from impacted regions, which means that, we're continuously building our operations in Western, Central Asia and India and North America as well. But right now it's all balanced out. Again, inside of the company, probably we will go from current 30%, 31% to 27%, 28% trends in the positive future.
Arkadiy Dobkin: David, your wishing and reading exactly what we do. And in general, I think, I don't know if you use noise as kind of qualifier, but there are enough messagings on the market that many industries are very careful right now and seems like, of course, saving priority becoming number one versus transformation. That's at least what we've seen. It's not necessarily seen in the market from specific actions across the industries. But I think it would be fair to assume that retail probably usually reacting much faster, sometimes much faster recoveries as well, that's what we saw in 2021. But some other you’ll fall and I think it wouldn't be surprised. So I think everybody much more careful, obviously, in compared to just several quarters ago.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So I think in terms of plans, we kind of shared pretty detailed plans during our Investor Day. I think, we're very much on target with this plan, at the same time, as you understand, each month, not even talking about quarter, but sometimes each week making some adjustments to this. So at this point, we do believe that we do in a recent possible based on the real-time information happening and at large our plans still stays the same. So we're going to become probably the most balanced from delivery perspective company in our sectors. And we’re very strongly looking how we grow it and going to develop talent market across new for us [indiscernible]. So it's all in plan, and that's very much moving forward. So what else we will be necessary -- we'll be doing if different type of scenario will be developed, we have answers for this, I don't think we will be saying in all details, but we have plans for this. But I guess, right now, we're going practically with the same plan, which we shared and we're very much on target for this, which we shared on Investor's Day.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes. So the question was, you will feel comfortable that we will be able to find the right talent in new locations. Then the short answer, yes. Right now, we even more comfortable that we were a couple of quarters ago, because now we have much more experience in terms of how to do it as we understand how to reapply the experience, which we developed during our growth in our kind of comfortable zone in Eastern Europe, that is very much applicable to new locations as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I would characterize this like if two, three quarters ago, the growth and so as always, I think, collectively, whatever people mean by digital transformation and growth sense of this. It was absolutely number one priority. I think, right now, it's very much balanced with cost savings and what will be tomorrow, I think, it's visible. So it's pretty balanced from our point of view. Digital transformation is still there and its still one of the two priorities, but it's now one of the two.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Ashwin, I think that we already kind of brought color on this, that in general, everybody much more cautious than before. And I think, I don't think like to loudly say this, like you open any media as everybody talking about it. And there is no very clear sign what would happen, but again, everybody much more careful in making decisions. And it's not only in the retail, retail react in much weaker in consumer reaction as well. The rest of this pretty stable right now, but again, slower from gross point of view, definitely slow.
Arkadiy Dobkin: And if you ask in like broader long-term, then I think, as any other relatively large company, we have a history of going through difficult times and we definitely analyze this. And in our specific case, we know that each time after this, it was time of big growth. And again maybe quiet situation was the closest illustration, if considered as a quiet or little slowdown. Again, it was for several quarters, we don't know. But then it was big, kind of, come back. Similar was in 2008, 2009 for us. And we'll learn our lessons how to navigate through this and how to go through this, to make sure that we save, and in Western is the very right part of the company to come work correctly, and that's what we're focusing. And in short, we talked about it already multiple times. Consulting integrated with engineering, we’ve building up this piece now at our work, and we understand how to scale up the talent. That's another area which we keep intact all the time. Even if numbers of headcount is slowing, the whole machine how to bring talent back, it's still running and we tuning this very carefully.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I don't think we were like adjusting our M&A activities based on specific like economic climate environment. I think, we were looking for the right additions all the time and we continue doing this today as well. And I think it might be a better opportunity for us in a couple of quarters from pricing point of view. But in general, yes, we consider that we’re working on this and it's not happening right now, largely because we don't see the right things. But definitely, we have -- maybe with everything else, yes, we have some other priorities before this. But again, there is no specific slowdown or the M&A.
Arkadiy Dobkin: But in general, what you asked, James, it is correct, because in new locations we have new people and utilization at the beginning of this area is still below. And in quarter two, it will be improved, because it will be stable at, but yes.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think that's a very dynamic parameter. And I think clients -- because the risk is a very dynamic parameter. And in general clients comfortable with it, but as soon as the risk will elevate then this distribution will be happening, that’s the main challenge that's what we're living through. And at this specific point, I think there is a kind of status quo is some concerns and what will be one month from now or two months from now, it's a little bit different things. Again, that's exactly the challenge on hand. But another side, we have multiple new locations and we have, as we mentioned a significant number of EPAMers, who move from one location to another and came to new locations, which kind of seems to accelerate the EPAM knowledge and quality standards and growing new locations. And also make clients comfortable in these new locations, because some good concentration of people they already know moved there. So from this we’re managing the whole as a rebalancing of the talent. But right now, we have 30%, and it's people with pretty good level of utilization right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think, our typical answer at this stage, it's too early to say, because it's kind of not even middle of Q4 and this is very, very true in any very normal year. With a kind of not what is a normal year, probably when I look into our revenue trends or the results of normal year the last time we saw probably at the end of 2019, which was a long time before COVID and before, then it was like being slowdown and a huge acceleration. Then in our case was started, but then the whole general economic trend like going different than we saw just six months ago probably, okay. So that's why like you're asking question, but even in normal year, we're not commenting on this. And this specific year, I don't think we can say like, it is very dynamic.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we're talking about EPAM continuing development as a brand. It practically didn't exist three years ago. Now that's in -- may which started to be recognized on the market and consultant field. So -- and with everything, specifically acquisition during 2019 or sorry, 2021, during the 2021, end of 2021, we were increasing this. And to support the new type of engagements, which we anticipate in and which we are doing already. So we actively were hiring in the market, so it's not specifically why now, it's just continuation of what's happening.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So it's -- probably it is -- maybe sounds a little bit strange, especially taken exactly in account what's going on right now. But at the same time, while this is a very, very special situation and we will understand it, so all our experience from the past towards it is going to ramp in one quarter and in three quarters. On top of this, there is a potential economic slowdown I'm initially talking about it. If you think about our numbers during the last several quarters, based on economic environment, based on our competitors, if war wouldn't happen, these numbers might be consider it even normal. Not very much different from what others are showing, that I'm just bringing all this colors just to confirm that we're definitely looking into what's going to be with the next couple of quarters, so six months. But we're definitely looking at what we'll be here in two years or three years. And from this point of view $10 billion looks like a very realistic goal for us, still aspirational but realistic. Three years ago, probably $10 billion would be sounded very much aspirational. Right now, it's just a pragmatic target for us, that's all.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, thank you very much for joining us today. Thank you for your support, which we are hearing from everybody. I think, it's important to one more time state that EPAM as a company, we're supporting Ukraine 100%. So we're very committed to our people in the country. We do believe that Ukraine will be part of our operation for many years. And while we're going through the difficult part, I think, we're still seeing a very bright future for EPAM and the growth. And we understand that it's a challenging time. So let’s talk in three months, and we'll see what's happening. And thank you very much.
